<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 21</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8_2"><div class="main">
      <p>He was well aware of Reiss’s combat ability. If he chose to flee with wind spirit arts while attacking his surroundings indiscriminately, he would be quite troublesome to deal with. The other mercenaries couldn’t be underestimated either, and with the Restoration’s forces dwindling by the moment, Rio wanted to avoid a longer battle.</p>

      <p>Taking Renji hostage would only create a standstill, extending this battle. That’s why it was better to force his unconscious body onto Reiss, reducing his mobility. If they chose to fight in spite of that, Rio would focus his aim on Reiss, who was burdened with carrying Renji. Rio summoned multiple orbs of light to express his intention to fight.</p>

      <p>“Whoa, there.” Reiss caught Renji’s body. But just then... Rio’s mask creaked. The crack wasn’t visible yet, but the activation of the rules was clearly taking a toll on the mask in his place.</p>

      <p>“...” Rio gently touched the mask. He had no idea how long it would last from here. He had to settle things as soon as possible.</p>

      <p>But things went as he hoped.</p>

      <p>“There’s no need to glare so fiercely. We will be retreating immediately—for today. If you all survive your escape, then perhaps we will meet again. Now, if you will excuse us.”</p>

      <p>Whether Reiss was reluctant to fight Rio because he was carrying Renji or because he never intended on fighting to begin with was uncertain, but he ordered Lucci and the mercenaries to retreat.</p>

      <p>“Tch...” The men clicked their tongues, but they mounted their griffins as ordered. They then departed into the skies. Rio considered sending his light orbs after them, but starting another fight now would be troublesome. Merely attacking could be considered moving in the interests of a certain group anyway. He quietly canceled the art around him.</p>

      <p>“Master Rio!”</p>

      <p>Sora came flying down the hill, carrying Christina and Duke Huguenot under each arm. Behind her, Vanessa and the other guards were chasing her in a panic, their physical abilities enhanced with magic. They were shouting things like “Hold it!” and “Don’t let her get away!” as they ran after her.</p>

      <p><em>Well... I guess that counts as a mission accomplished.</em></p>

      <p>It seemed like Sora had brought Christina here without giving everyone else a sufficient explanation, but he would have to overlook that. It was an emergency.</p>

      <p>“Rio...?” Celia called Rio’s name.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Rio looked over at where Celia was being guarded by Sara and the others. Hearing his name had made him jump, but the rules of the transcendent ones should have applied to them. Neither Celia, Sara, Orphia, nor Alma should have had any memories left of Rio. She had probably repeated the name Sora had called him by—and once he removed the mask and some time had passed, she would forget that name again.</p>

      <p>“Sora’s back!” Sora said brightly, landing beside Rio. She set Christina and Duke Huguenot down on the ground.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What’s going on?”</p>

      <p>“What is the meaning of this?!”</p>

      <p>Both Christina and Duke Huguenot appeared to be quite confused.</p>

      <p>“Head to the harbor now, while you can. Get on an airship and get out of here,” Rio said to Christina, his mask still on his face.</p>

      <p>“R-Right. And you are...?”</p>

      <p>“I can buy you some time, but it may not be enough. Hurry.” Rio urged her to move while watching the skies.</p>

      <p>“Thank you... Everyone, hurry to the harbor now! Run!”</p>

      <p>Once Rio removed his mask, they would eventually forget this exchange as well—but for now, Christina expressed her appreciation towards Rio. The lack of time was also no lie. The thunderous sounds of battle could be heard in the skies of Rodania even now.</p>

      <p>At Christina’s urging and the sight of falling Aerial Knights, the group made to depart for the harbor. It was at this point that Vanessa and the other guards caught up.</p>

      <p>“Hey! What...” Vanessa shouted. She wanted to interrogate Sora for suddenly kidnapping Christina and Duke Huguenot, but—</p>

      <p>“Vanessa! What are you doing? We’re going to the harbor, make sure you protect the carriage with Sir Hiroaki and Flora inside!” Christina interrupted as soon as she spotted her, scolding her harshly.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, Your Highness! Everyone! We’re going to escort the princesses to the harbor!”</p>

      <p>“Right away!”</p>

      <p>Vanessa and the knights joined the group. The carriage with Flora, Roanna, and the unconscious Hiroaki went first, and all the other evacuees followed behind them.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, Sora.”</p>

      <p>There was a need to protect Celia and the others, but he couldn’t go along with them. Rio shot them a single, lonely glance before turning to leave with Sora.</p>

      <p>“Professor Celia, hurry...”</p>

      <p>“W-Wait! Rio!” Christina called for Celia and the others still there to move, but Celia yelled Rio’s name instead.</p>

      <p>“...” Rio and Sora paused, turning back around.</p>

      <p>“I-I know you. That’s right... How could I forget about you? Rio, Rio...” Celia mumbled, tears rolling down her face.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What’s wrong, Celia?” Sara and the spirit folk girls looked bewildered, unsure of what to do.</p>

      <p>“Why? Why did everyone forget?” Celia cried, looking at their faces.</p>

      <p>“That can’t be possible...” Sora muttered in disbelief. The rules were decided by god, so how could this happen?</p>

      <p>“Wait, could it be... That face, that hair color. The resemblance to that homunculus... If so, could this also be Lina’s...?!” Sora gasped, staring intently at Celia’s face.</p>

      <p>At that moment, a complex magic circle appeared around Celia’s body, causing light to flow from within her. Then...</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>