<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 21</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: Mystery of the Transcendent Ones</h1>

      <p>After Rio regrouped with Aishia in her spirit form, they set up the stone house on an uninhabited hill overlooking the lake base and Greille.</p>

      <p>“It’s all right now,” Rio said.</p>

      <p><em>Okay.</em></p>

      <p>With that, Aishia materialized. Multiple barriers were set up around the stone house, preventing Aishia from being detected by other spirits as long as she was inside. There was no way for the contract spirits of the spirit folk girls to find her.</p>

      <p>“Shall we sit down?”</p>

      <p>There was no one in the spacious living room besides Rio and Aishia. Rio hung his coat on the coat rack and looked around the vacant space before sitting down on the sofa.</p>

      <p>“Yeah...” Aishia mumbled, sitting opposite Rio. The worried look on her face probably wasn’t his imagination.</p>

      <p>“If it’s hard to talk about, you can take all the time you need to get ready.”</p>

      <p>Rio wasn’t about to force her to speak. He gently expressed his willingness to wait until she was ready to talk.</p>

      <p>But Aishia shook her head. “It’s about you, so...I will explain what’s going on right now,” she said, staring into Rio’s eyes. “Your eyes.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“Your eyes have changed color.”</p>

      <p>“My eyes...changed color?”</p>

      <p>Rio touched the right side of his brow, covering his vision with a puzzled look. There was no way of seeing his own eye color without a mirror, but nothing felt particularly odd about his eyes.</p>

      <p>“They’re red now. I’m sorry.” Aishia hung her head guiltily. As she had said, Rio’s hazel eyes were now tinged red.</p>

      <p>“They don’t feel any different. I can see through them fine. I don’t have any problem with my eyes changing color, and I don’t see how it’s your fault...”</p>

      <p>Rio laughed to ease Aishia’s concerns, dismissing the matter lightly. But Aishia’s expression remained gloomy as she continued speaking. “The reason they’ve changed is because you’ve assimilated with me, I think.”</p>

      <p>“Assimilated...?”</p>

      <p>“In the fight just now, you used the power of a transcendent one. That power is normally unavailable to humans. Attempting to use it with a human body would result in death. That’s why I became part of your being while you were using it. You could say we were fused. That is assimilation.”</p>

      <p>“We’re two different people right now, but we were sharing one single body earlier...is what you’re saying?” Rio asked, unsure of exactly what she meant.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Using transcendent powers in a human body would have killed you. In order to avoid that, I altered your body. By assimilating with me, your body became one with mine, making you closer to a spirit than a human.”</p>

      <p>“I see... I didn’t know you could do something like that.”</p>

      <p>“It’s called a spirit bond, and it’s a secret art that creates a stronger bond to a spirit than a contract. I used it with you to enhance the connection between us, then assimilated our bodies.”</p>

      <p>“A secret art... No one in the spirit folk village could do such a thing, right?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t think they even know about it. The Seven Wise Gods created the spirit bond. It’s a special technique only a scarce few people could do one thousand years ago.”</p>

      <p>“Spirit contracts and spirit bonds. What’s the exact difference between them?”</p>

      <p>“At the surface level, a spirit contract is an agreement between the two parties, whereas spirit bonds use a special sorcery to create a sturdier tie. Both are a form of connecting the souls, but the actual difference lies in the strength and depth of that connection. A spirit can only assimilate with the body of a human through the stronger soul connection of a spirit bond.”</p>

      <p>“So I can think of the main difference between spirit contracts and spirit bonds as the ability to assimilate or not?”</p>

      <p>“Yup. Assimilating gives the bond partner several benefits. One of them is the Spirit Arms—a materialization of the bond partner’s soul as a weapon.”</p>

      <p>At Aishia’s explanation, an image flashed through Rio’s mind. “That sword from back then...”</p>

      <p>He thought about the sword that had appeared in the earlier fight. He had created a sword out of thin air, much like the Divine Arms of the heroes.</p>

      <p>“That’s right. That sword is different from those created by the powers of the transcendent ones. It’s your Spirit Arms, and it materialized as a result of assimilation. You can think of it as how a spirit incarnates by materializing its own body. You can only materialize that sword when assimilated with me.”</p>

      <p>“Right... I don’t think I could make that sword appear right now, even if I wanted to. But I feel like I could use the transcendent powers if I tried,” Rio said, staring at his dominant hand. He had applied his powers to the sword that had materialized earlier, but the sword hadn’t been a necessary factor to activate the powers. This was something he knew intuitively, not logically.</p>

      <p>“You must not use your transcendent powers carelessly. Make sure you’re assimilated with me when you do,” Aishia warned, her tone oddly firm for her.</p>

      <p>What would happen if he used it without Aishia? She had said as much earlier.</p>

      <p>“If I use the powers without being assimilated, I’ll die, right? Okay, I got it.”</p>

      <p>The cost of gaining and using a power beyond the realm of mankind was heavy. The moment one activated their power beyond what a human body could endure, they would die. Rio swallowed the meaning of that and nodded seriously.</p>

      <p>“Assimilation has other benefits besides the Spirit Arms. Like I said before, assimilation turns the bond partner’s body into something resembling a spirit. An increased degree of assimilation will raise the bond partner’s strength and resilience, making it harder for them to die. That is how you survived using the transcendent power.”</p>

      <p>“Does that mean the stronger the degree of assimilation, the less human I’ll be?”</p>

      <p>“Yes,” Aishia confirmed.</p>

      <p>“So there are stages to the assimilation too.”</p>

      <p>“Yup. If you want to express it in numbers, it’d range from one to a hundred percent, and beyond.”</p>

      <p>“So how much was that earlier battle in numbers?”</p>

      <p>“I believe it was extremely close to one hundred percent. That was my intention when assimilating, at least. Perhaps that’s why your eye color changed after I released the assimilation.”</p>

      <p>Aishia looked conflicted.</p>

      <p>“Like I said earlier, a different eye color is nothing to worry about. In fact, it sounds like there are only benefits to assimilation.”</p>

      <p>The significant increase of the number of basic abilities and improved vitality both sounded like good things for the spirit bond partner.</p>

      <p>“There are negatives to this as well.”</p>

      <p>However, it seemed it wasn’t all good things.</p>

      <p>In other words...</p>

      <p>“When you’re assimilated, you’re no longer a human. But at the same time, you’re not a spirit. Your being becomes extremely unnatural, but stable. Like you said, the greater the degree of assimilation, the less human you’ll be. That’s why there’s no knowing what kind of effect assimilation will have on you... This is the main demerit. Your eye color has changed, and your body had to bear a huge burden when the assimilation ended. Although that burden probably came from the recoil of using the transcendent powers...”</p>

      <p>It could also have come from the intensified assimilation. After saying that, Aishia stared at Rio. Then...</p>

      <p>“There may be other changes that went unnoticed. There’s no telling whether those changes will be good or bad, or permanent or temporary,” she added.</p>

      <p>It could be compared to taking a drug with dramatic effects, but unknown side effects. There was a chance of nothing bad happening, but at worst, one’s life could be in danger. That was the kind of uncertainty involved.</p>

      <p>After a worried pause, Aishia added, “If a strong assimilation is repeated numerous times, you may lose the ability to return to being a human...”</p>

      <p>Rio’s eyes widened faintly as he listened to those words. However, he didn’t seem to want Aishia to feel responsible.</p>

      <p>“Well, it is what it is,” he replied cheerfully, showing no signs of pessimism. “More importantly, does it have any negative effects on you, Aishia? If it does, we should stop using it altogether.”</p>

      <p>On top of that, he expressed worry for Aishia instead.</p>

      <p>“No matter how great the assimilation is, there should be little risk to me.”</p>

      <p>“Really?” Although Rio didn’t doubt her words, he pressed on to make sure.</p>

      <p>“As a spirit, my true form is my spirit form, and my material body is created freely by myself. But for you, your material form is your true form. Humans don’t have spirit forms, yet assimilation makes you extremely similar to a spirit. Your situation is clearly more precarious than mine.”</p>

      <p>Thus, the risks were greater for Rio, was what she was saying. A human could only exist with a physical body, yet assimilation caused that human to have a spirit-like body instead. When the assimilation was released, the human had to return to their physical body. It was inevitable for them to have to bear a greater burden than spirits, who were born with the ability to switch forms.</p>

      <p>“I see... All right.”</p>

      <p>“The problem is with Satsuki and the others. Spirit bonding is a technique that the heroes can use as well.”</p>

      <p>It was at this moment that Aishia brought up the heroes. However, it wasn’t out of the blue. The reason was clear from her explanation until now.</p>

      <p>“The heroes are assimilated with upper high rank spirits?” Rio guessed. Assimilation with upper high rank spirits would explain everything—from the way they’d suddenly gained supernatural powers, to how they could freely materialize the Divine Arms. Sure enough...</p>

      <p>“Yes, there are upper high ranked spirits sealed within the summoned heroes. The one that possessed Saint Erica was the upper high spirit of earth.”</p>

      <p>“It all makes sense now...”</p>

      <p>The mystery of the heroes had finally been solved.</p>

      <p>“But I believe the details of their spirit bonds are very different from ours. The spirit bond between the heroes and upper high rank spirits is an enslaving bond.”</p>

      <p>“Enslaving...?” Rio doubted his ears.</p>

      <p>“The spirit bond between us uses the original form of the sorcery, whereas the bond with the heroes uses a spell formula that has been altered by the Six Wise Gods. The spell is refined to add multiple conditions to the bond, allowing the upper high rank spirits to place the heroes in an extremely unfavorable position. The Wise Gods set up the hero summonings to work in such a way.”</p>

      <p>Aishia explained the relationship between heroes, upper high rank spirits, and the Wise Gods. Then...</p>

      <p>“That’s why they hate me. And Miharu too...” she admitted sheepishly.</p>

      <p>“They hate you and Miharu... Is that because...”</p>

      <p>“Miharu was one of the Wise Gods in her past life—the seventh one who was exiled. Her name was Lina.”</p>

      <p>“...” Having gotten his biggest shock of the day, Rio fell speechless. It wasn’t that he doubted Aishia’s words—it was just so astounding.</p>

      <p>“And in a way, I was the Wise God Lina as well...” Aishia continued. It was a confession that made it sound like she and Miharu were the same person.</p>

      <p>Rio was even more shocked. “Huh...?”</p>

      <p>“Roughly one thousand years ago, at the end of the Divine War, the Wise God Lina sacrificed some of her divinity to create me. She then made a spirit bond between the Dragon King and me, and stored me in his soul.”</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>