<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 21</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8_1"><div class="main">
      <p>“Ha. If you’re getting so worked up over being called short, you must really be a brat.”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki saw straight through Renji’s insecurity and pointed it out. While the two heroes were bickering, Sara’s group got Celia and the others to move back.</p>

      <p>“You’re looking down on me, aren’t you? Me, of all people.”</p>

      <p>The temperature around Renji dropped even further.</p>

      <p>“You’re the one looking down on others. What are you doing all of this for?”</p>

      <p>“I’m a mercenary.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“You lot are having a civil war, aren’t you? I was just hired as a mercenary. That’s all I’m doing. But I now have a vendetta against you. That will be my new reason for fighting.”</p>

      <p>With those words, Renji pointed his halberd at Hiroaki.</p>

      <p>“What a coincidence. I’ve just decided I hate you too. Did you think you’d be a protagonist if you refused to belong to a kingdom?”</p>

      <p>“You’d be the background hero that harasses the protagonist until he’s exiled.”</p>

      <p>“Man, I hate types like you the most. You’re so in love with yourself, you think you’re the protagonist. You think you’re the most important person in the world, and you think you’re the strongest. Am I wrong? I’d bet you can’t use honorific speech either.”</p>

      <p>“You’re not using it either.”</p>

      <p>“Hey now, I’m already nineteen. But I suppose a middle schooler like you never spoke politely to your upperclassmen either, huh?”</p>

      <p>They bickered back and forth like that. Insults drew more insults, creating a war of words between Hiroaki and Renji. But eventually—</p>

      <p>“That’s enough.”</p>

      <p>With his anger gauge reaching its limit, Renji readied his halberd for battle.</p>

      <p>“Wait, Renji.”</p>

      <p>Just then, Reiss arrived. He had descended with Lucci, Arein, and two other mercenaries.</p>

      <p>“What, so your name is Renji.”</p>

      <p>“...What is it?” Ignoring Hiroaki mockingly calling his name, Renji turned to Reiss impatiently.</p>

      <p>“There are many people here who can make themselves useful, so please be aware of your surroundings when you fight. And ensure you knock out the water hero with a blunt blow,” Reiss ordered, getting off his griffin behind Renji.</p>

      <p>“That’s a lot of orders.”</p>

      <p>“I’m requesting this of you because I believe you can do it. Or is it too hard for you?”</p>

      <p>Renji snorted. “Hmph. Piece of cake.”</p>

      <p>“And so, please focus on dealing with the water hero. If the others try anything funny, we will deal with them ourselves,” Reiss said, looking over at Sara, Orphia, Alma, and Celia.</p>

      <p>“Hello, ladies.”</p>

      <p>“You really are a persistent lot,” Sara muttered in annoyance.</p>

      <p>“Not always. But we lost Ven and many of our other comrades at your castle, so we’re here to avenge them today.”</p>

      <p>Lucci glared at her fiercely, drawing the black sword he had inherited after Lucius. Beside him, Arein drew his sword as well. The other two mercenaries did the same.</p>

      <p>“Everyone, stay back.”</p>

      <p>Sara, Orphia, and Alma readied their weapons. They were up against four mercenaries, including Lucci and Arein, as well as Reiss. It seemed like they would be forced into a three-on-five battle, when—</p>

      <p>“I will fight too,” Celia said, joining them.</p>

      <p>“As a sorcerer like Celia, I will offer my assistance to the best of my abilities as well.”</p>

      <p>Unwilling to let his daughter fight alone, Roland joined the rear guard. This made the lineup five against five, but...</p>

      <p>“Hey, I’m going to take that brat on myself. If the others move, I want you to deal with them. That sound clear?”</p>

      <p>It seemed like Hiroaki desired a one-on-one with Renji.</p>

      <p>“Yes... But will you be okay?” Sara asked worriedly.</p>

      <p>“I’m a hero as well. Leave it to me.”</p>

      <p>It seemed that being up against a younger Japanese boy really had an effect on Hiroaki’s confidence.</p>

      <p>“That boy is a formidable opponent. Please be careful.”</p>

      <p>Sara was yet to have a good understanding of Hiroaki’s strength, so she hesitated over leaving the battle to him. But she didn’t have the leisure to worry about him either. The opponents they were up against weren’t easy opponents by any means either.</p>

      <p>“I’ll let you move first. Use whatever move you want,” Renji said, still pointing his halberd at Hiroaki.</p>

      <p>“Ha. Are you kidding me?” Hiroaki furrowed his brow in discontent.</p>

      <p>“Not at all. You’ll never win against me. I’m going to teach you that shortly.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll take you up on that challenge. Bring it on!”</p>

      <p>“Hmph. You’ll soon see the difference between us,” Renji said with a triumphant smirk.</p>

      <p>“Since you’re offering so nicely, I guess I’ll go first.”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki readied his sword, increasing his magic essence.</p>

      <p>Sara and Reiss’s groups were also waiting for Hiroaki to make the first move. They knew he had the tendency to use big and bland moves. The road wasn’t that wide, so they wanted to avoid unnecessarily colliding with his attack.</p>

      <p>“Take this!”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki shouted, swinging his sword vertically. Enough water to turn the road into a river flowed from his sword, rushing at Renji and Reiss. But neither of them bothered to dodge the attack.</p>

      <p>Behind Reiss’s squad was the ice wall Renji had created. At this rate, the violent torrent of water would wash them away and smash the thick ice. But Renji pointed his halberd forward and froze the incoming water in an instant.</p>

      <p>“Wha...” Hiroaki was flabbergasted.</p>

      <p>Then, instead of running on the ice-covered road, Renji started running along the wall of the nearby building, drawing closer to Hiroaki.</p>

      <p>“W-Wall-running?! Guh...!”</p>

      <p>Despite his shock, Hiroaki attempted to intercept Renji with a slash of water. But even that was frozen in midair.</p>

      <p>“Didn’t you know?” Renji called out as he leaped off the wall, swinging his halberd at Hiroaki.</p>

      <p>“Huh?!” Hiroaki braced his sword to block the halberd.</p>

      <p>“Water can’t win against ice.” Renji leaned right up into Hiroaki’s face and smirked.</p>

      <p>“You really are delusional... Can you even last five minutes without spouting cliché bullshit?”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki pushed back with all his might, forcing Renji and his halberd to fly back towards the wall.</p>

      <p>“Oh? It seems you have some physical strength, at least.”</p>

      <p>Renji used the wall as a foothold to kill his momentum, then leaped from the wall back into the air.</p>

      <p>“Dumbass!” Hiroaki used another water slash while Renji was vulnerable in the air.</p>

      <p>“Still don’t get it?” The water slash froze before it reached Renji, falling to the ground.</p>

      <p>“Tch!”</p>

      <p>If it didn’t work on the first try, it had to work eventually—that was what Hiroaki seemed to be saying by releasing slash after slash of water.</p>

      <p>“We won’t be able to make a move like this...”</p>

      <p>As expected, the clash of two Divine Arms was turning into a dull battle of pure power. They wouldn’t be able to intervene like this. Sara’s group backed away from the fight to avoid getting involved—with the exception of Orphia, who climbed onto a rooftop to keep an eye on Reiss, whom they couldn’t see clearly past all the ice. At present, Reiss and his underlings weren’t able to move freely either, so they were watching the fight. However...</p>

      <p><em>Is he bothered by something?</em></p>

      <p>It seemed like Reiss’s squad were on guard against something else. As though they expected to be attacked by a third party...</p>

      <p>“Feel like giving up yet? You won’t be able to win against me.”</p>

      <p>“Stop trying to make yourself sound like the superior one. You conceited narcissist.”</p>

      <p>“But I am superior to a background character like you. I’ll teach you your place.”</p>

      <p>“You’re not the protagonist! The ice element just screams of a gloomy loner anyway! Go home and dream of imaginary ice spells or something!”</p>

      <p>“I already have—Endless Force Blizzard. The spell I used against those flying knights.”</p>

      <p>“You seriously did it already? And with such a lame name...”</p>

      <p>Their conversation sounded absolutely comical, but the two speakers were completely serious. After all, their attacks didn’t cease as they spoke to each other.</p>

      <p>Hiroaki was desperate not to lose to Renji, but he eventually ran out of stamina.</p>

      <p>“Hah... Hah...”</p>

      <p>“Do you finally see the difference in our strength?”</p>

      <p>In contrast to Hiroaki’s heavy breathing, Renji had a composed look on his face.</p>

      <p>“You think you can look down on me?”</p>

      <p>“I was ordered to knock you out, you see. I also needed to demonstrate the differences in our strength after you looked down on me. But...” Renji approached Hiroaki, leaning forward to get right in his space.</p>

      <p><em>Here he comes! </em>Hiroaki thought, bracing himself.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What?!” But he toppled off-balance. His feet had been frozen, preventing him from moving. Hiroaki looked down at his feet.</p>

      <p><em>When did he...?!</em></p>

      <p>“It’s over.”</p>

      <p>With Renji’s voice came a hit to the back of Hiroaki’s head. At some point, Renji had rounded behind Hiroaki, striking his head with the handle of his halberd.</p>

      <p>“Wha...t...?” Hiroaki swayed. If his feet hadn’t been frozen, he would have stumbled on the spot. Instead, he completely lost his balance and collapsed unconscious.</p>

      <p>“Urgh...”</p>

      <p>When Hiroaki twitched, Renji struck him with the halberd once more.</p>

      <p>“Go to sleep.”</p>

      <p>“Sir Hiroaki?!” Flora and Roanna screamed, having watched the whole battle.</p>

      <p>“Grr...”</p>

      <p>Sara, Orphia, and Alma each readied their weapons.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” Instead of turning to fight Sara’s group, Renji pointed the end of his halberd at Hiroaki’s throat. In other words...</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re taking him hostage?” The girls’ faces stiffened.</p>

      <p>“Don’t bother calling me a coward. This is war. If you don’t care about this guy, then come at me. And just so you know, I won’t go easy on you for being women. If you’re armed with a weapon, then we’re equals,” Renji said to Sara and the others in warning.</p>

      <p>“Oh, how wonderful. You’ve truly grown, Renji.”</p>

      <p>The sound of Reiss’s applause echoed along the frozen street. He hopped onto the ice, standing firmly without sliding around.</p>

      <p>“So what now?” Renji asked, looking back at Reiss.</p>

      <p>“Well, it’d be nice if this were the end, but...” Reiss said.</p>

      <p>Just then, bullets of magic essence dozens of centimeters wide came raining down before Renji.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Far above Rodania’s skies, Rio was watching the fight between Hiroaki and Renji. Renji had swung his halberd, knocking Hiroaki out.</p>

      <p>“...” At that moment, Rio put on his mask in silence. It was a silent indication of his intent to intervene. But just as he began his descent—</p>

      <p>“Dragon King!” Sora called out.</p>

      <p>“...” Rio paused and looked back at her.</p>

      <p>“During the Divine War, the Dragon King used his powers for others many, many times. But all those cases counted towards fulfilling his duty. This conflict between humans is clearly unrelated to your duty. Intervening will definitely activate the rules.”</p>

      <p>“Yup, I know.”</p>

      <p>“There’s a limited number of masks. Will you still intervene anyway?”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, Sora. I’m probably going to use up one of the precious masks you gave me.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not something you need to apologize for... That’s not... That’s not what Sora wanted to say...”</p>

      <p>As a transcendent one, Rio had already become a figure unconnected to the residents of this world. Even if he saved them, they wouldn’t express any gratitude to him. Or even worse—they might be temporarily grateful to him, but they’d soon forget about how he saved them. Like a worm-eaten antique book, only their memories related to Rio would disappear.</p>

      <p>Sure, the situation might be fine this time. They had a mask on hand. But if he kept intervening in human conflict time and time again, the five masks they had wouldn’t last for long. Then, if he intervened without a mask, Rio would lose his memories. The people he saved today would one day become people he wouldn’t even think of saving.</p>

      <p>Saving them would result in lost memories on both sides. There would be no reason left to fight for someone. It would leave a large, gaping hole within him. That was something Sora had experienced herself, which was why she earnestly pleaded for Rio to reconsider.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. But if I don’t move here, I’ll regret it for the rest of my life. That, I’m sure of. That’s why I want to go—that’s why I <em>will </em>go,” Rio said with a gentle smile. Even though the memory loss for both sides should have been terrifying, he knew he wouldn’t regret his actions.</p>

      <p>“...” At Rio’s resolution to sacrifice himself, Sora swallowed her words. At the same time, she realized something—no, she remembered it.</p>

      <p>“That’s right... The Dragon King has always been this kind of person. He would throw himself at problems for the sake of others, even if no one remembered him, thanked him, or lingered in his own memories. He was always kind to others. That’s why Sora...”</p>

      <p>Sora recalled the days of one thousand years ago. They would save people even if it meant the people forgot them, and they forgot the people. They would lose all sight of what they were fighting for, yet Sora never felt empty. And that was because...</p>

      <p><em>Because the Dragon King was there.</em></p>

      <p>The overwhelming feeling of loneliness had been drowned out, replaced with kindness. All by the sole presence of the Dragon King.</p>

      <p>That’s why there was no need to hesitate.</p>

      <p>Just like how the loneliness of the disciples was filled by the transcendent ones, the loneliness of the transcendent ones could be filled by the disciples.</p>

      <p>“Go, Dragon King! Sora will be with you all the way!” Sora said wholeheartedly.</p>

      <p>“Okay,” Rio nodded. He then began his descent while firing bullets of magic essence downwards. The bullets that easily surpassed the speed of sound stopped right before Renji, who had just taken Hiroaki hostage on the ground.</p>

      <p>“Huh?!”</p>

      <p>At the attack that had seemingly come out of nowhere, Renji abandoned Hiroaki and leaped back.</p>

      <p>“So he chose to intervene,” Reiss muttered with an annoyed sigh.</p>

      <p>Immediately after that, the orbs of light disappeared. They were replaced by the sight of two people standing beside Hiroaki. The white-haired boy in a mask was naturally Rio, while the other was a hooded Sora. Sora stood one step behind Rio in deference.</p>

      <p><em>So Reiss is alive... </em>Rio stared at Reiss’s face from behind his mask.</p>

      <p>“Who is that...?” Roanna asked in confusion. Based on the situation, she had deduced he was an ally, but she had absolutely no idea who it could be.</p>

      <p>“Hssshaaah!”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, the demi-dragon Renji had been riding hissed at Rio and Sora in fear.</p>

      <p>“Silence. Whom do you think you’re in front of?” Sora snapped with a glare. The demi-dragon immediately quietened with a pathetic whine.</p>

      <p>“How about we call it a day?” Reiss suddenly offered.</p>

      <p>“A day...?” Renji echoed with a suspicious look.</p>

      <p>“I can’t do anything about the squad invading the city, but we can at least abandon our post here.”</p>

      <p>“Wh-What are you saying, Reiss?! We’ve already come this far!”</p>

      <p>From an objective point of view, their victory was all but guaranteed. It was only reasonable for Renji to react to Reiss’s retreat suggestion with anger.</p>

      <p>“The Beltrum Kingdom’s Aerial Knights far outnumber the remaining Aerial Knights of Rodania. We’ve already won. The city is all but seized already,” Reiss said, looking up at the sky to the west.</p>

      <p>“Then why would we retreat here?”</p>

      <p>“I mean, just look at him. Doesn’t he scream of trouble to you? We’re just participating in this battle as mercenaries, so there’s no need to overexert ourselves here.”</p>

      <p>“Are you saying this suspicious guy in a mask could defeat me? He might have made a dramatic arrival, but he’s standing there completely unarmed!” Renji roared in objection.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know who you are or where you came from, but you don’t want to fight us either, do you?” Reiss asked Rio, ignoring Renji.</p>

      <p><em>Wait... Does he still have memories of me?</em></p>

      <p>Rio stared at Reiss dubiously. His words implied they were meeting for the first time, but there was something fishy about his attitude. Reiss stared back at Rio with an unreadable expression. They sized each other up warily for some moments, but Renji was discontent with that.</p>

      <p>“Reiss. If you won’t fight him, I will,” he said, pointing his halberd at Rio with hostility.</p>

      <p>“Well, I won’t stop you if you insist,” Reiss replied with another sigh.</p>

      <p>While they were speaking, Rio instantly defrosted Hiroaki’s feet and picked him up in his arms. But just as he turned back to face Sora, Renji attacked Rio from behind.</p>

      <p>“Hah!”</p>

      <p>He closed in on Rio’s back in silence, swinging his halberd with all his might.</p>

      <p>“Huh...?!” However, without even a glance behind him, Rio stopped Renji’s swing. To be more precise, he summoned a barrier of magic essence at his back, blocking Renji’s halberd midair.</p>

      <p><em>Spirit arts...?</em></p>

      <p>The spirit folk girls instantly saw through what Rio had done. Their eyes widened at the skill required for such a technique.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t only Sara’s group who were surprised. Everyone present at the scene could sense that Rio was a formidable opponent. But whether they all accepted that was another matter.</p>

      <p>“Tch! Don’t look down on me!” Renji yelled. He immediately began to freeze the air surrounding Rio, probably intending to freeze Rio along with his barrier.</p>

      <p>“...” It was at this point that Rio finally looked at Renji. He cast a solid essence barrier against Renji, directly interfering with his ice spirit art. The collision of two opposing spirit arts could only lead to one result: the activation of both arts, followed by the stronger caster overwriting the art of the weaker.</p>

      <p>And so, the ice-cold wind never ended up touching Rio. The art that Renji tried to invoke merely dispersed into nothing.</p>

      <p>“Ngh! No way! He overwrote it...?”</p>

      <p>The exchange of high-level arts had the spirit folk girls astounded.</p>

      <p>“U-Urk!”</p>

      <p>Immediately after, Rio released his essence barrier, giving it a forward movement. The fixed obstacle became a shock wave, rushing at Renji.</p>

      <p>“Ugh...”</p>

      <p>As Renji flew through the air, Rio aimed bullets of light essence at his body without any casting motion. But Renji created thick ice to cover the areas he was most vulnerable, blocking Rio’s attack.</p>

      <p><em>He’s good...</em></p>

      <p>Rio’s eyes widened at how experienced Renji seemed at combat.</p>

      <p>“Damn it...”</p>

      <p>Unable to completely kill his momentum, Renji landed heavily on the ground. With that, he seemed to understand that Rio was far stronger than Hiroaki. He distanced himself from Rio warily, though he still appeared to have the will to fight.</p>

      <p>“Sora.”</p>

      <p>“Yes!”</p>

      <p>“Can you bring this person over to the others back there?”</p>

      <p>While keeping a watchful eye on Renji, Rio entrusted Hiroaki to Sora. They were the first words he said after arriving at the scene.</p>

      <p>Incidentally, they had discussed whether or not to use each other’s names in front of the others, but they had ultimately decided on referring to each other normally, since everyone would lose their memories of them anyway.</p>

      <p>“Okay!”</p>

      <p>Sora accepted Hiroaki’s unconscious body and swiftly carried him over to Roanna and the others at the back.</p>

      <p><em>That voice...</em></p>

      <p>Where had she heard it before? Celia stared at Rio in a daze, trembling as her heart beat out of her chest.</p>

      <p>“Here, look after him.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right...”</p>

      <p>Sora handed Hiroaki to Roanna to be cared for. After replying nervously, Roanna cooperated with Flora to begin casting healing magic on him.</p>

      <p>“Hmm? You’re...” Sora noticed Celia standing still nearby and stared at her face as though she had realized something.</p>

      <p>“Sora.”</p>

      <p>“Right away!” Sora responded cheerfully to Rio calling her name and returned to him like a loyal puppy, forgetting about everything else.</p>

      <p>“Sorry for making so many requests. You saw the lavender-haired girl boarding the carriage at the top of the hill earlier, right?” Rio asked. The lavender-haired girl was Christina. Before they descended here, they had seen Charles’s squad chasing after her while she boarded her carriage.</p>

      <p>“Yes!”</p>

      <p>“Can you go bring her here safely? I’ll clean things up here in the meantime.”</p>

      <p>Saving Christina would probably be considered moving in the interests of a specific individual, but he had already come too far to turn back. Rio entrusted Christina’s rescue to Sora as well.</p>

      <p>“Leave it to Sora! But with all due respect, if Sora could give one piece of advice...” she said before.</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“Please overpower him as quickly as possible. That’s the only way of minimizing the penalty from breaking the rules!”</p>

      <p>“Got it.”</p>

      <p>“Sora will be off now!” Sora saluted him before vanishing, heading for the top of the hill where Christina was. While everyone else watched her depart with open mouths, Rio almost seemed to be smiling in amusement.</p>

      <p>“What are you smiling at?” Renji snapped, displeased by the smile he could see on Rio’s uncovered mouth below his mask.</p>

      <p>“...” Rio didn’t reply. He remained silent, which seemed to annoy Renji even more.</p>

      <p>“Hey, don’t ignore me. You seem to enjoy acting arrogant, but you haven’t won yet. This city is done for. Don’t think you can get away!”</p>

      <p>Renji glanced up at the sky above while taunting Rio. Three hundred Aerial Knights from the Beltrum Kingdom were descending into Rodania.</p>

      <p>The Restoration’s Aerial knights were being driven back, the one hundred and twenty knights already reduced to under one hundred. They were holding out the best they could in an outnumbered situation, but they would probably decrease in number even faster from here.</p>

      <p><em>The state of this battle will be difficult to turn around, and I can’t afford to use any more masks here—I’m only going to use this one. I’ll have to limit my intervention as much as possible.</em></p>

      <p>It wouldn’t be wise for Rio to fight to the point of turning the war around. Besides, what was more troublesome was Renji’s presence—without Aishia here, he would have no means of handling him if his upper high rank spirit woke up.</p>

      <p><em>It’d be a pain if the hero strengthens his assimilation, so the best move would be to knock him out quickly.</em></p>

      <p>As he thought that, Rio used spirit arts to create a simple dirt stick roughly one and a half meters in length. With the rule that removed memories of himself from other people in place, he had no need to worry about using spirit arts in front of others. In a way, that actually made it easier to fight than before.</p>

      <p>“What are you going to do with a tiny stick like that?”</p>

      <p>“I’m going to let the people here escape, that’s what.”</p>

      <p>That was the first time Rio had answered Renji.</p>

      <p>“Let’s see you try. Stop my Cocytus if you can, that is!” Renji snapped in a roundabout way. He then charged straight forward to close the gap between them, swinging his halberd sideways at Rio.</p>

      <p><em>How youthful...</em></p>

      <p>Reiss thought at that moment. He had trained Renji into a formidable opponent, but he still lacked experience.</p>

      <p>“Huh?!”</p>

      <p>As though to prove just that, before Renji knew it, the stick Rio had trusted forward was right before him. There had been no warning in Rio’s movements before he made the skillful attack.</p>

      <p>But Renji hadn’t trained for nothing either. His body didn’t freeze at the unexpected move—instead, he evaded it instinctively.</p>

      <p>“Hmph—Wha?!” Renji smirked triumphantly as he took a step back. But in the next moment, he was struck in the back of the head. A pillar of stone had risen from the ground, aiming straight at his skull. Rio had cast his spirit arts from a distance.</p>

      <p>“Gah... Ah...” Renji toppled forward, stumbling over his feet.</p>

      <p>“Guh?!” The thrust Rio made by stepping forward hit Renji in the forehead, sending him flying backwards to hit his head against the stone pillar once more.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Having struck his head in the back, front, and back in quick succession, Renji collapsed with a concussion.</p>

      <p>“H-Harsh...” Reiss muttered, his face pale after witnessing the merciless chain of attacks. “But refreshing,” he added.</p>

      <p><em>I should knock him out completely...</em></p>

      <p>Rio touched Renji on the head, activating an art to knock him out. He then touched the ice that blocked the road during Hiroaki and Renji’s battle, melting it instantly.</p>

      <p>“Wha...”</p>

      <p>The disappearance of so much ice caused everyone to stir noisily.</p>

      <p><em>And that leaves...</em></p>

      <p>Rio lifted the unconscious Renji and flung him at Reiss roughly.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>