<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 21</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: In the Galarc Kingdom</h1>

      <p>Three days had passed since the battle with Erica. Everyone that had gone to Duke Gregory’s territory had now returned to the capital of the Galarc Kingdom.</p>

      <p>It was the afternoon, and King Francois had been invited by Charlotte into the mansion that had formerly been bestowed upon Rio. The purpose of his visit was to discuss things with Satsuki, Celia, and the others gathered in the dining room.</p>

      <p>Besides Francois and Charlotte, the others in attendance were Satsuki, Miharu, Celia, Latifa, Sara, Orphia, Alma, Gouki, and Kayoko. Liselotte had also been invited, as well as Masato and Lilianna.</p>

      <p>Leading the gathering was Charlotte.</p>

      <p>“Ever since we’ve returned to the capital, I have been investigating the strange sense of loss and discomfort that has been plaguing all of us,” she said. “As a result, I’ve found things that provide answers, and things that raise more questions. Today, I’d like to discuss these things with everyone and hear your thoughts, which is why I’ve invited Father and arranged this meeting.”</p>

      <p>“Excuse me.” First Princess Lilianna of the Centostella Kingdom raised her hand to seek permission to speak.</p>

      <p>“Yes?”</p>

      <p>“Is this something I should be sitting in on?”</p>

      <p>Sensing that they were about to touch upon the troublesome secrets of this foreign country, Lilianna sought some necessary clarification. If they continued to speak before her after this clarification, then she couldn’t be held responsible for learning their secrets.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Do you recall the banquet where Lady Satsuki was revealed to the public? I wish to ask for your account of that event as well.”</p>

      <p>“I understand. In that case, I shall remain.”</p>

      <p>“Now, let’s get straight to business.” Charlotte spread out a sheet of paper on the table before her. Those seated farther away couldn’t make out the text, but all their gazes focused on that sheet.</p>

      <p>“What’s this paper for, Char?” Satsuki wondered, peering at the text.</p>

      <p>“This is the national archive of the Kingdom of Galarc. Or rather, the draft of it.”</p>

      <p>“National archive?” Masato, Satsuki, and Miharu all looked confused at the unfamiliar term.</p>

      <p>Charlotte gave them a brief explanation of the topic. “A national archive is an official record of the history of the kingdom. It’s normally drafted by an official that specializes in the details of history and penned by a secretary, but the final decision on what gets recorded lies with the king. There have been occasions where the king personally wrote the draft of the national archives.”</p>

      <p>“So what was wrong with the archives?” Satsuki asked.</p>

      <p>“This paper contains the events of what happened before the recent battle. It was written before our departure at Father’s official request, as seen by the mark of the royal stamp.”</p>

      <p>“What does it say...?”</p>

      <p>“In short, our kingdom was invaded by the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica, which seized the capital of Duke Gregory’s territory. The leader of this nation is one of the chosen heroes—a self-proclaimed saint that goes by the name Erica. With Lady Satsuki’s endorsement, our kingdom dispatched the army to recapture the city. As the king, Father was to command the army. That’s the general gist of it.”</p>

      <p>“My endorsement...?” Satsuki blinked in confusion. She couldn’t recall giving such a thing.</p>

      <p>“Yes. In other words, our kingdom has just gone through a battle with a nation led by another hero. Because we were opposing a hero, we sought the support of our own kingdom’s hero before heading to war. That was why Lady Satsuki had gone all the way to the battlefield. Everyone else here went along to accompany her. This appears to be the full sequence of events,” Charlotte said, explaining things in chronological order.</p>

      <p>“Right... I headed out to the battlefield...”</p>

      <p>Satsuki looked around at everyone’s faces with a look of uncertainty. They all had similar expressions to hers, as they all recalled heading to Greille out of their own will.</p>

      <p>“It seems everyone’s understanding of the situation is the same, then. We couldn’t recall that our enemy was a hero. We didn’t even remember her name. Even now, the hero named Erica doesn’t ring any bells. Is this correct?” Charlotte questioned the group at large. Everyone nodded with perplexed looks.</p>

      <p>“It’s an enigma. Father says he cannot recall ordering such a draft to be written by the secretary. The secretary doesn’t recall receiving such orders from Father either. Yet, this draft of the national archive exists. Father’s official stamp is on it, and the situation at hand supports the contents of the draft.” Charlotte smiled as though she was enjoying herself.</p>

      <p>“There are other enigmas as well. Soldiers of the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica were captured and interrogated, but they claimed to have no recollection of anyone named Erica.”</p>

      <p>Was such a thing possible? Yet Charlotte questioned the group in a cheery tone.</p>

      <p>“Incidentally, the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica is a minor nation that was only recently established. Frankly speaking, they have no value as a nation. The force that invaded Greille consisted of the hero and nine others. None of the nine soldiers had abilities that could compare to those of a knight—they were basically former adventurers. And so, I’d like to direct this question to Gouki: Is it possible for such a group of people to seize an entire city governed by a duke of our kingdom?”</p>

      <p>“No, it’s impossible. It would take at least one person of exceptional ability to pull such a thing off.”</p>

      <p>Without one, they would have failed the moment they tried to seize the city. Unless they managed to create a hostage situation, they would have been surrounded by the city guards and suppressed instantly.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for answering. In that case, this hero named Erica that no one seems to know must have been the one to seize the city. Would you agree that this is the most logical way of thinking?” Charlotte asked cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“Good grief, it isn’t a matter to be enjoying so openly,” Francois scolded with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“But it’s so mystifying! What exactly have we all forgotten? I’m just dying to know the answer.”</p>

      <p>“I can agree with wanting to know the answer. How am I to update the national archive with events I cannot recall?” While that wasn’t the only issue at hand, as the king, it was a major source of woe for Francois.</p>

      <p>“There are other memories we are missing as well,” Charlotte continued.</p>

      <p>Francois sighed at Charlotte’s good mood. “Indeed. Go on, then.”</p>

      <p>“Right. After reading everything I could get my hands on, I came to the realization that there was one more person we’re missing our memories of. And I believe that person was on close terms with us in a good way.”</p>

      <p>“Who would that be...?” Satsuki asked.</p>

      <p>“The owner of this mansion. Father and I believed we had prepared this mansion as a residence for Lady Satsuki’s friends, but the documents we have say that this place was bestowed upon a certain honorary knight. The records we have of his achievements are outrageous—before I give you his name, I’d like to read those records first. It may get a little long, so bear with me...”</p>

      <p>With that preface, Charlotte took out another sheet of paper.</p>

      <p>“According to these records, this person protected Lady Miharu and those she was summoned with when she first wandered into this world. He made a major contribution to repelling the outbreak of monsters in Amande’s outskirts. He saved Liselotte and Princess Flora, and attended Lady Satsuki’s introduction banquet with Liselotte as a result. He made a major contribution to repelling the insurgents that raided the banquet, after which he was appointed as an honorary knight of our kingdom. He mediated the dispute between Sir Takahisa and Lady Miharu. Then, it was revealed that he had prevented Lady Celia’s political marriage to Charles Arbor on the order of Princess Christina. He assisted Princess Christina’s escape from her kingdom, escorting her safely from Lady Celia’s family home to Rodania. Along the way, he defeated Alfred Emerle, Beltrum Kingdom’s strongest knight, who was then taken prisoner with Charles Arbor. He then rescued Princess Christina and Princess Flora, who were abducted by Lucius Orgueil, commander of the Heavenly Lions. Finally, it says he rescued Liselotte, who was abducted to the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica by the hero Erica, bringing her back to Galarc.”</p>

      <p>Charlotte read the record of that person’s achievements for several long minutes.</p>

      <p>“It truly is outrageous,” she repeated with a sigh of admiration.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Was the list too long to be believable? Or was the lack of any memory of those events too shocking? Either way, the people whose names were just mentioned were silent in wide-eyed shock.</p>

      <p>Charlotte turned to each of them in turn. “Those whose names I just read aloud—do you recall any of these events? And does the name Haruto Amakawa sound familiar to any of you?”</p>

      <p>As soon as the name was revealed, several people immediately reacted in their expressions—namely Miharu, Latifa, and Liselotte. Liselotte’s reaction was minimal, however...</p>

      <p>“That’s a Japanese name, isn’t it...?”</p>

      <p>“It resembles the names that can be found in the Yagumo region as well.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki and Gouki commented on the sound of the name. The others didn’t show any recognition of the name—besides Celia, who tilted her head in thought.</p>

      <p>“Did it ring any bells for you, Lady Celia?” Charlotte asked. She had been observing everyone for their reactions.</p>

      <p>“Umm... I believe I’ve received a letter from someone of that name before. He was called Haruto as well... Huh?”</p>

      <p>What Celia was referring to was the letter Rio had sent her shortly after departing from the Royal Academy. He had actually sent another one upon returning to Strahl, but Celia was already under Duke Arbor’s control at the time, so she never received it.</p>

      <p>At any rate, the one letter she’d received from Rio was very precious to her. She had never been able to throw it out...which was why she was able to recall his face in her head. When she thought of that face as Haruto Amakawa’s, it all made sense.</p>

      <p>However, no sooner had everything clicked, a fog filled her mind. The image in her head was blurred over and scattered, and she found herself unsure of who Haruto Amakawa was once again.</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter?” Charlotte asked.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s just that I can’t recall whom I received the letter from... So why do I remember receiving a letter...?”</p>

      <p>Celia pressed her hands against her forehead, bewildered by the questions rushing about in her head.</p>

      <p>“If you’re still in possession of that letter, I would love to see it.”</p>

      <p>“I think I still have it... I’ll have to look for it later.”</p>

      <p>“Please do. And Lady Miharu.”</p>

      <p>Miharu hadn’t expected to be addressed and flinched in surprise. “Huh? Yes?”</p>

      <p>“Your expression just now implies that you recognized something. Would you like to share?”</p>

      <p>“Right... Umm, my childhood friend had the exact same name as him. Last names came first in our world, so he was called Amakawa Haruto instead.”</p>

      <p>“Lady Miharu’s childhood friend, you say? Amakawa Haruto...”</p>

      <p>“He’s back in my original world, so I believe it’s just a coincidence...”</p>

      <p>“Are you sure? You might just be missing the memories, and he could have been summoned to this world with you.”</p>

      <p>“But... Even before we came to this world, it had been a long time since we last met. We parted ways in our childhood.”</p>

      <p>“In your childhood... And do you still recall his face now?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.” Miharu nodded firmly.</p>

      <p>“Is recalling him enough to guarantee he’s a different person to this honorary knight? Dismissing this as a coincidence sounds a little too hasty... What about you, Liselotte and Lady Suzune? Your expressions changed when the name Haruto Amakawa was brought up as well.” Charlotte turned to Latifa and Liselotte.</p>

      <p>“I should have expected as much.” Liselotte had been trying to hide her reaction as much as possible, so she was impressed by Charlotte’s keen eye. But she wasn’t able to answer her question right away, turning to look at Latifa beside her instead.</p>

      <p>“Umm... I know the name Haruto Amakawa as well...” Latifa admitted after some hesitation.</p>

      <p>“Where from?”</p>

      <p>“That’s...” Charlotte had a strong look of curiosity in her eyes as she questioned Latifa. But Latifa seemed reluctant to answer her. The name was familiar to her because it involved her past life. Answering Charlotte would inevitably require explaining how she was reborn into this world.</p>

      <p>“Allow me to explain.” Liselotte spoke up to protect Latifa.</p>

      <p>“Liselotte...?”</p>

      <p>“<em>I recognize the name as well. It’s the name of the university student who rode the bus with us in our past life, isn’t it?</em>” Liselotte spoke to Latifa not in the Strahl tongue, but in Japanese. It was an unfamiliar language to hear coming from Liselotte, which surprised Francois and Charlotte. Their eyes widened faintly.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah.”</p>

      <p>“Then, leave it to me,” Liselotte assured her, then turned to the two royals present. “The reason why Suzune and I are surprised is because we hadn’t expected that name to come up here. However, if you wish for me to explain why, then I must ask that you keep this a secret, Your Majesty, Princess Charlotte.”</p>

      <p>“Very well,” Francois agreed, sending Charlotte a look for her to follow his lead.</p>

      <p>Charlotte agreed. “I can’t wait to hear what Liselotte is about to say,” she added happily.</p>

      <p>Liselotte took a deep breath before beginning to speak. “In terms of metaphysics, do either of you believe in reincarnation or rebirth? That is, do you believe humans can have past lives?”</p>

      <p>“I believe it. It sounds romantic,” Charlotte replied without missing a beat.</p>

      <p>“It is a phenomenon that sounds impossible to prove objectively, but there is still room for consideration provided the right evidence.” Francois gave a more realistic opinion of reincarnation while being flexible enough not to deny it completely. Besides, the fact Liselotte was bringing this up out of the blue probably meant she had such evidence. He looked at her to prompt her to continue.</p>

      <p>“I’m afraid I don’t possess any objective evidence, but Suzune and I both have memories of our past lives.”</p>

      <p>“Oh my,” Charlotte beamed in delight.</p>

      <p>“Memories of past lives, you say...”</p>

      <p>Memories were an entirely subjective matter, so testimonies that were given based on memory always had questionable authenticity.</p>

      <p>However, the testimony was by none other than Liselotte Cretia. If Francois was asked to name the most talented noblewoman in the kingdom, he would immediately give her name without hesitation.</p>

      <p>“This may not serve as sufficient proof, but many of the Ricca Guild’s products are designed from the knowledge I possessed of my past life.”</p>

      <p>“I see... Indeed, your many novel products have been a contributing factor to your company’s growth.”</p>

      <p>If they originated from the knowledge of another world, then it all made sense.</p>

      <p>“I’ve kept my silence about this until now because I feared how people would react to such a topic,” Liselotte continued.</p>

      <p>“Indeed, it isn’t a topic to speak openly about.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Your Majesty. I will proceed on the assumption that you can believe this for now. By some turn of fate, Suzune and I both lived in the same world as Lady Satsuki and Miharu in our past lives. While we weren’t friends in our past lives, we’ve confirmed with Miharu that it was indeed the same world as hers.”</p>

      <p>Francois, who had been listening with suspended disbelief until then, couldn’t hide the shock on his face. “What...?”</p>

      <p>“Umm, I heard it through Miharu, but I believe it’s the truth. Liselotte has memories of living in the same world as us.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm...”</p>

      <p>Satsuki backed up Liselotte’s testimony. With that, Francois could no longer listen with suspended disbelief. That was how heavily the hero’s words weighed.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>