<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 21</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8_3"><div class="main">
      <p><em>It worked. It’s not possible to give you all of it right now, but I’m entrusting everything I couldn’t give that person to you.</em></p>

      <p>“H-Huh...?” Celia was shaken. She glanced around in confusion.</p>

      <p><em>What was that? Is something happening?</em></p>

      <p>Rio was just as bewildered. Every time a transcendent one used their powers, the world would forget their existence. Any identifying information about the transcendent one would be erased from the memories of the people.</p>

      <p>Even if the transcendent one interacted with someone while hiding their identity, it was hard for anyone to retain any memories of them. Only their disciples could remember them clearly. That was the rule of the transcendent ones that had been decided by god.</p>

      <p>Yet Celia had remembered Rio. An anomalous situation had clearly occurred with the transcendent rules Rio knew.</p>

      <p><em>Why? How?</em></p>

      <p>Confusion and doubt flashed through Rio’s mind.</p>

      <p>But there were other emotions that rose within him at the same time.</p>

      <p>Hope.</p>

      <p>Anticipation.</p>

      <p>Wariness.</p>

      <p>Delight.</p>

      <p>A fountain of emotions swelled at the miracle happening before him.</p>

      <p>The rules were decided by god. There should’ve been no way to resist them, so he had actually given up in his heart.</p>

      <p>But...</p>

      <p>Someone had made a wish.</p>

      <p>Someone had tried to change things.</p>

      <p>What did it matter if the power meant to be used for the interest of the world was only used for the sake of those he loved?</p>

      <p>What did it matter if the person everyone should have forgotten was remembered by someone?</p>

      <p>That’s why...</p>

      <p>That’s why this was a tale of defying the somber rules set by god.</p>

      <p>A story of regaining lost connections.</p>

      <p>It had to be.</p>

      <p>Rio prayed with those words from the bottom of his heart.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>