<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 15</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main"/>

    <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

    <h2>The Scent of Soap</h2>

    <p>In a rocky area somewhere in the Paladia Kingdom, in the stone house Rio had set up, Christina opened her eyes and slowly sat up in bed. It was the morning after Rio had saved her and Flora.</p>

    <p>“Mmgh...”</p>

    <p>She held up a hand to elegantly stifle a yawn, then stretched her body a little. Faint rays of sunlight shone through the small window in the room.</p>

    <p><em>I slept like a log</em>, Christina thought to herself. She had passed out as soon as she collapsed into bed yesterday; considering how she spent the day before wandering the forest in distress, that was understandable.</p>

    <p><em>What a comfortable bed. The pillow’s perfect too.</em></p>

    <p>The fatigue she had accumulated wasn’t entirely gone, but she was wide awake.</p>

    <p><em>I wonder if Sir Amakawa is up yet...</em></p>

    <p>She decided to leave her room and check. She climbed out of bed and checked her appearance in the full-length mirror, confirming her clothing wasn’t disheveled.</p>

    <p><em>No bed head. Good. Actually...</em></p>

    <p>She touched her hair with her hands, confirming that its texture was as luxurious as it looked. It was almost as though she had just dried her hair out of the bath.</p>

    <p><em>What is this...?</em></p>

    <p>Christina blinked in wonder in front of the mirror. She combed her fingers through her hair and found it smooth and easy to arrange. On top of that, when she picked up a lock of hair and brought it to her nose, she could smell something sweet.</p>

    <p>“Such a nice smell...”</p>

    <p>With a twitch of her nose, Christina sniffed at the relaxing scent in her hair, then turned around and looked at Flora, who was still asleep in the bed. Then, as though sensing her older sister had awakened—</p>

    <p>“Mm... Christina?”</p>

    <p>Flora woke up as well. It was almost like all the suffering she went through because of the spider’s venom was just a dream, though this was anything but.</p>

    <p>“Good morning, Flora.” Christina smiled at her little sister as she thanked Rio in her head.</p>

    <h2>Elemental ☆ Halloween</h2>

    <p>In Japan, just as winter was starting, the high school Haruto attended had a day off and he’d been invited to Celia’s house in a quiet neighborhood. She had suggested they hold a Halloween party today. Miharu, Satsuki, Christina, Flora, Suzune, and Rikka would also be attending.</p>

    <p><em>I wonder if everyone’s here already...</em></p>

    <p>Haruto stood before the gate and rang the doorbell.</p>

    <p><em>This mansion sure is amazing, though.</em></p>

    <p>He gazed at Celia’s house from where he stood. Celia was a lecturer who had transferred here from overseas. She claimed to have come to Japan in order to deepen her views.</p>

    <p><em>Professor Celia’s definitely from an incredibly wealthy family, huh? Though Christina and Flora give off the same feeling...</em></p>

    <p>She had once denied this statement, but there was no way Celia could live in such a mansion without being rich. Her everyday speech and behavior was also a sign of her upbringing.</p>

    <p>“Yes... Who is it...?” Celia’s voice asked over the intercom.</p>

    <p>“It’s Haruto.”</p>

    <p>“H-Haruto... R-Right. You’re here...”</p>

    <p>“Did I come at a bad time...?” Haruto asked, tilting his head.</p>

    <p>Celia’s voice sounded more high-pitched than usual. “N-Not at all. It’s just... C-Come in first. I’m kind of busy right now, but the front door’s unlocked, so let yourself in.”</p>

    <p>“Okay...” Haruto didn’t quite get it, but he did as he was told and proceeded through the gate and towards the house, then arrived before the front door.</p>

    <p>“Excuse me...” Haruto opened the door and peered inside.</p>

    <p>“Trick or treat!” Celia yelled. She was standing right before him, dressed in a pure white wolf outfit complete with wolf ears, wolf paws, and a wolf tail.</p>

    <p>“P-Professor...?” Taken aback, Haruto froze. He could understand the reason for her outfit—it was Halloween today, after all, so she was probably dressing up for it.</p>

    <p>“I-If you don’t give me a treat, I’ll play a trick on you! R-Roar!”</p>

    <p>“I was going to make treats in your kitchen, but...what kind of trick?” Haruto asked hesitantly.</p>

    <p>“T-Trick? Umm... I’ll eat you!” Celia nearly stumbled over her words, but she forced a reply on the spur of the moment.</p>

    <p>“That...would be a problem.” Haruto had regained his composure and replied with a smile.</p>

    <p>“Th-That’s right. I’ll nibble and nom at you,” Celia said with a blush.</p>

    <p>“Nibble, you say... Whereabouts were you thinking of?” She was so cute that Haruto felt the need to keep digging.</p>

    <p>“Your arm or your neck, I guess... J-Jeez, stop replying to me so calmly! Ask me why I’m wearing an outfit like this or something instead!” Unable to endure the embarrassment any longer, Celia puffed up her cheeks in protest.</p>

    <p>“My assumption was that you lost to Satsuki or Suzune in a game and had to wear this as a penalty. Am I wrong?” Haruto guessed based on the two people spying on them from the back of the hallway.</p>

    <p>“Y-Your understanding of the situation is right on point...”</p>

    <p>“Now, I should get to making those treats before you play a trick on me,” Haruto said.</p>

    <p>“Miharu isn’t here yet, so how about we wait for her first? For now, Professor Celia should play that trick on Haruto and nibble at him!” Satsuki called from down the hallway.</p>

    <p>“I will not!” Celia yelled with a flushed face.</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>