<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 15</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“But the truth was different, wasn’t it?” Christina asked, half-confident.</p>

      <p>“There’s no way for me to prove it now, but...I wasn’t the one who pushed Princess Flora off the cliff,” Rio replied with a shrug.</p>

      <p>“I believe you,” Christina stated immediately.</p>

      <p>Flora also joined the conversation without missing a beat. “I-I believe you too! No, I’ve always believed you!”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much,” Rio said awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“I should be the one thanking you. I’ve always wanted to thank you for saving me from the minotaur back then. You’re always saving me... Yet all I do is cause trouble for you...” Flora said with a trembling voice.</p>

      <p>“I wish to offer my gratitude as well. For saving us this time and all the times in the past,” Christina said, bowing her head.</p>

      <p>“No, all those incidents just happened by chance... And I’m the one who ended up involving the two of you in my conflict with Lucius this time. I’m very sorry for that.” Rio bowed his head in return.</p>

      <p>“No, as long as that Lucius man had a connection to the Proxia Empire, there was always the possibility he would come after us. That was proven after he went after Flora in Amande, or when Reiss came after me on the way to Rodania. If anything, I believe we wouldn’t have been saved without your grudge against that man. If it weren’t for you, Flora and I would never have been able to reunite...” Christina shook her head as she calmly gave her view on the series of events. In reality, after Rio’s victory over Lucius, the two sisters should have been offered to the Proxia Empire to be used as hostages.</p>

      <p>“It’s still unclear whether the Proxia Empire is the one behind all this, but... Let’s discuss this more later. What I wanted you to know right now is that I don’t mind taking the two of you to Rodania,” Rio said, returning to the topic at hand.</p>

      <p>“Of course, we would love nothing more than that, but...”</p>

      <p><em>Is it really okay?</em> Christina looked at Rio as though to ask that.</p>

      <p>“If you’re still bothered by my past, then allow me to ask this: now that Your Highness is aware of my background, do you plan on acting upon it once you return to Rodania?”</p>

      <p>If there was one thing Rio was worried about, it was this.</p>

      <p>“I won’t tell anyone about your past. But if you have any separate requests, I plan on fulfilling them as best I can. If you tell me to clear the false accusation on your name, I shall do just that,” Christina answered.</p>

      <p>“It wouldn’t be wise to dig up such an old incident just to clear the false accusation. I don’t plan on bringing up my past, so I would appreciate your silence on the subject. I have no intention of being Rio in the Strahl region at this stage.”</p>

      <p>Rio himself didn’t feel much anger about the outdoor drill incident. The only thing he couldn’t forgive was what happened to Latifa. He suspected Duke Huguenot was the mastermind behind that, but the only way of obtaining concrete evidence was to let Latifa see Duke Huguenot’s face directly to confirm that fact. And he didn’t intend on acting if Latifa herself didn’t desire it.</p>

      <p>“I understand.” Christina nodded quietly. “Then I shall do just that—you understand, right, Flora?”</p>

      <p>“Yes...” Flora nodded, looking as though she wanted to ask Rio something.</p>

      <p>“If there’s anything else to discuss about this, we can talk about it later. The bathroom is ready, so allow me to show you the way.”</p>

      <p>Rio was still wearing his bloodstained coat, and Christina and Flora were still in their tattered dresses. They couldn’t keep chatting leisurely in their current state, so Rio wrapped up the conversation for now to lead the two of them to the bathroom.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Rio and the princesses headed to the bathroom of the stone house. They entered the spacious changing room, and Rio opened the door leading to the bathing area.</p>

      <p>“This is the bathtub.”</p>

      <p>The bathing facility before them was luxurious even from the perspective of the castle-raised princesses—in fact, it was so well made, the ones they had used until now almost paled in comparison.</p>

      <p>The room was large, the ceiling was high, and the walls were made of bare rock. Behind the stone tiled washing area was a stone bathtub large enough to fit several people. There were spouts that kept the tub filled through magic artifacts, and white steam rose from the surface of the water to fill the inside of the bathroom.</p>

      <p>“...” Both Christina and Flora gazed at the bathroom in shock.</p>

      <p>“I’ll explain the different types of soap to you. Please, come this way,” Rio said, entering the bathing area. Christina and Flora exchanged looks with each other before following him.</p>

      <p>“This bottle has liquid soap that’s for your hair. The liquid inside comes out when you press the top. Depending on the length of your hair, you may need to press it several times to get the appropriate amount of liquid—make sure you use enough to lather your hair,” Rio said, first explaining the use of shampoo. He then proceeded to explain the use of conditioner, body soap, and face wash.</p>

      <p>“Once you’re ready to wash off the soap, please touch one of the round stones. They absorb magic essence proportionate to the duration of contact and release water from this spout here. The right stones are connected to the lower spout and the left stones are connected to the higher spout. The hot water may splash, so please step back,” Rio warned the two of them before touching the round stone on the right. His magic essence was absorbed for a short moment before hot water started pouring out of the lower spout.</p>

      <p>“W-Wow!” Flora exclaimed in shock. Christina was also gazing wide-eyed at the water. Strahl’s standard of sorcery required an immense amount of magic essence to create water and adjust its temperature, so it was only natural she’d be surprised to see an artifact create hot water so easily.</p>

      <p>“Be careful—if you touch the round stones for too long, your essence will just be sapped in vain. Several seconds of contact is enough for 30 seconds of water, so please use that as a rough estimate,” Rio added to the surprised girls. To prove his point, he removed his hand from the round stone and demonstrated how the water was still flowing out.</p>

      <p>“Is that huge stone tub over there a bathtub? If the washing area already has a source of water, I don’t see any meaning in having a bathtub filled with water as well...” Christina pointed to the stone bathtub and cocked her head in question.</p>

      <p>In Japan, it was commonplace to fill a bathtub with water and soak in it, but that wasn’t necessarily the case in Strahl. In the Strahl region, bathtubs weren’t for soaking in, but for storing water to wash the body with.</p>

      <p>Only wealthy homes had separate bathrooms, and they were generally one of two types: the type where the bathtub also acted as a washing area and the water had to be changed after every wash, and the type where the washing area was outside the bathtub to save water consumption (the bathtubs were generally too shallow to fully soak in too).</p>

      <p>“Umm... Could this be a bathtub to soak in?” Flora asked Rio.</p>

      <p>“That’s right. I’m sure it’s a rare sight in the Beltrum Kingdom, but the bathtub in this house is for soaking in. The correct way to use it is to soak yourself in the bathtub over there once you’ve washed yourself in the washing area,” Rio said, explaining the proper way to use the stone bath.</p>

      <p>“Come to think of it, I’ve read that the hot spring area has a similar culture... I’m surprised you knew of it, Flora.” Christina looked at Flora in wonder. Flora grinned happily at that.</p>

      <p>“Sir Hiroaki often said he wanted to soak in a bath,” she said.</p>

      <p>“It seems like the soaking style of bathing is the norm where the heroes came from,” Rio said.</p>

      <p>“Yes. There’s a soaking type of bath in Sir Hiroaki’s quarters in Rodania. A craftsman was called in to build it, and he uses it every now and then,” Flora added.</p>

      <p>“Have you tried it before, Flora?”</p>

      <p>Flora shook her head shyly. “I haven’t. Using the bath in a man’s room is a bit...”</p>

      <p><em>This bathroom is technically in my home, and I’m a man, though...</em></p>

      <p>In other words, she was about to use the bath in a man’s room, but there was no reason to point that out. Rio chose to hold his tongue.</p>

      <p>“Soaking in hot water causes your body temperature to rise and depletes your stamina, so while Princess Christina will be fine, Princess Flora should probably avoid the bathtub until she’s fully recovered. Just wash your body for today.”</p>

      <p>It was preferable to keep the skin clean even while sick, and accomplishing that could be done by just washing oneself. Bathing with a slight fever should be fine, but Rio wasn’t a medical expert, so it was better to recommend the safer option.</p>

      <p>Flora nodded with a disappointed look. “That’s a shame, but I understand.”</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll pass for today as well,” Christina added, reluctant to try the bath ahead of her little sister.</p>

      <p>“Understood. If there’s nothing else you need, I’ll be excusing myself... Oh, you still need towels. Please wait in the changing room and I’ll go and bring some.”</p>

      <p>Rio suddenly remembered the lack of towels and left the bathroom through the changing room. Christina and Flora also retreated to the changing room as instructed.</p>

      <p>“By the way, Christina...” Flora began.</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“Umm... Where are we right now?” Flora asked, cocking her head. She had been unconscious when she was carried into the stone house, so she lacked that piece of information.</p>

      <p>“We’re in Sir Amakawa’s house...” That was the only thing she was certain of. Christina also had her own questions, but that was one answer she could provide.</p>

      <p>“Sir Haruto’s? Isn’t this the Paladia Kingdom?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, it is... But we’ll get an explanation about that later, so let’s wait until then.”</p>

      <p>“Okay.” Flora didn’t look completely convinced, but her reply was lively.</p>

      <p>“You look happy,” Christina pointed out.</p>

      <p>“Yes... I am. I’m happy. Of course, there’s a lot I have to apologize for, but knowing that Sir Haruto is Sir Rio and being able to talk to him like this is good...”</p>

      <p>Rio’s name had come up when he saved her from Lucius in Amande, but he had denied it when she asked him whether he was actually Rio. But this time was different. She wasn’t able to explain it well, but Flora was so happy she couldn’t contain herself.</p>

      <p>“Right.” Christina smiled gently, vaguely sensing the reason for that.</p>

      <p>“I never even imagined I’d be in Sir Haruto’s home and using his bath.”</p>

      <p>“Me neither. Especially while I was attending the Royal Academy...”</p>

      <p>“The Royal Academy... That sure brings back memories. Speaking of which, Christina, Sir Haruto said you slapped him in the slums...” The discussion of the past stirred Flora’s memories, making her bring up that topic.</p>

      <p>Christina’s head drooped. “Urk. That’s... I have no excuse for that either.”</p>

      <p>“You met Sir Haruto in the slums, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I remember it well. It was my first time stepping foot in the slums, and I acted rude to him in many other ways too. Rather, I got furious at him and said rude things I shouldn’t have.” Christina pressed a hand against her forehead and sighed heavily with guilt.</p>

      <p>“Like what, for example?” Flora asked out of curiosity.</p>

      <p>“Like what... Like calling him dirty and smelly, I guess...” Honestly, why had she said such heartless things? Christina looked back on her actions nine years ago and felt a tremendous sense of regret.</p>

      <p>Even Flora frowned at that. “That’s...a bit mean indeed.”</p>

      <p>“It was. We’re so dirty ourselves right now...”</p>

      <p>Did they stink as well? She couldn’t tell herself, but Duran had said so. If she really reeked, then that meant Rio had carried them all the way here without a single complaint.</p>

      <p>It all felt too much to bear.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Flora... Do we smell right now?” Christina asked her little sister.</p>

      <p>“Huh?! I-I wonder... Maybe?” Flora was taken aback by the sudden question, but she had sweated a lot while walking in the forest. The sweat was still stuck to her dress, and her skin felt disgusting, so...</p>

      <p>“I... I’ll try smelling myself.” Flora brought the hem of her dress up to her nose to sniff at it with a blush.</p>

      <p>“M-Me too...” Christina also lifted her dress with resolution. Despite knowing that it was an unsightly action, she couldn’t stop herself from smelling it. When she imagined the possibility of Rio smelling a strange scent on her, she couldn’t stand the embarrassment.</p>

      <p>After a while, Flora lifted her head. “I-It’s kind of hard to smell yourself.”</p>

      <p>“Yes... Shall we try smelling each other?”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>