<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 20</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter10_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Pesky things...” Erica clicked her tongue in slight annoyance. Then, she started walking forward while still releasing her destructive light.</p>

      <p>“Gah, it’s no good. At this rate...” He wouldn’t be able to protect everyone. But he absolutely didn’t want that. Rio desperately resisted the force pushing against him, maintaining the barrier.</p>

      <p>“...” Aishia watched Rio’s profile, her heart feeling like it would burst from her chest.</p>

      <p>“Give it up, Dragon King. That is the limit of a human vessel. My vessel is also a human, but her body ceased to be human the moment she became a hero. She is far different from you,” Erica said to Rio.</p>

      <p>“Huh...?” Satsuki looked perplexed. As a hero, it was a sentence she couldn’t overlook. If what Erica just said was true, heroes were no longer humans. Did that mean she wasn’t human either?</p>

      <p>Just then, a slash of intense light came falling down.</p>

      <p>“<em>Durandal</em>!” Latifa came rushing over, carrying Celia. She must have been preparing her magic while everyone was fighting. The range had been adjusted a lot compared to the fight with the Hero Killer Draugul, but the strongest attack magic in Celia’s arsenal struck Erica directly.</p>

      <p>The surprise attack from behind caught Erica with her guard down, successfully dealing more damage than any other attack until now. The half of Erica’s body that touched the slash was completely disintegrated. As a result, the attack Erica was using against Rio’s essence barrier also vanished.</p>

      <p>“To think a human could use transcendent magic... Did that woman teach you?” The disintegrated half of Erica’s body rapidly restored itself. She looked away from Miharu to glare at Celia for a brief moment.</p>

      <p>“No way...” Celia was dumbfounded. Erica swung her arm at Celia and Latifa in annoyance. However...</p>

      <p>“I won’t let you!” Rio flew in between them, taking the blow from her arm in their stead. Of course, his physical body was enhanced.</p>

      <p>“Gah!” A terrible cracking sound could be heard from the right arm and ribcage that Rio used to guard them.</p>

      <p>“Rio!” Latifa screamed in fear.</p>

      <p>“I’ll be fine! You stay back. No—you should all flee!” Rio shouted, tackling Erica back two meters.</p>

      <p>“How annoying... I see. So this is the strength of humans. Each of you may be insignificant alone, but you can support each other by flocking together. I was able to surface today through a stroke of luck, but it seems I’m out of time... Very well. Let’s see if you can protect yourselves to the end,” Erica said with a sigh, then vanished.</p>

      <p>“Did she leave...?” Satsuki murmured. But that wasn’t possible; Rio immediately looked at the tsunami of magic essence rising on the other side of the plains.</p>

      <p>“Wha...” He fell speechless. It wasn’t an amount of essence that could be handled by a human—or any other living creature in this world, for that matter. Even if someone could hold this much essence in their body, there had to be a reasonable limit for any living creature, and this amount clearly surpassed that. It surpassed it by so much, he didn’t know what to do.</p>

      <p>“No...!” Rio yelled hoarsely. “She hasn’t merely departed! She changed locations so that no one would get in her way! Get the airship away right...!”</p>

      <p><em>Right now,</em> was what he wanted to say, but where would they go?</p>

      <p>There was so much magic essence, it was impossible to imagine what would happen. The range of its effect could be unfathomable. There was no way the airship could flee high enough in time.</p>

      <p>It was impossible for all of them to run. He could only save a few of them at most. He’d have to make a choice on who to save.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Rio didn’t know what to say.</p>

      <p>“Haruto...” Just then, Aishia stood next to Rio.</p>

      <p>“Aishia...”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry...” she apologized.</p>

      <p>“What for...?”</p>

      <p>She suddenly started speaking. “I remembered... Not everything, but the reason why I don’t have memories. And what my role is...”</p>

      <p>“What are you saying...?” Everything that had happened today was so bewildering.</p>

      <p>Aishia continued. “I was an empty shell. A temporary container to store power. That’s why I was meant to return that power to you with an explanation.”</p>

      <p>“Is this the time for that, Aishia?” In this situation that resembled the end of the world.</p>

      <p>“But because of you, Haruto, I stopped being an empty shell.”</p>

      <p>It was almost as if...</p>

      <p>“You gave me my name. A precious name, warm like the spring.”</p>

      <p>Almost as if she was saying goodbye...?</p>

      <p>“I was so happy,” Aishia said earnestly. “Thank you.” She touched Rio on the cheek, thanking him as though it was the end.</p>

      <p>“I know I should return this power to you. But...” It was at this moment that Aishia looked a little hesitant.</p>

      <p>“But I can’t do it,” she said, shaking her head.</p>

      <p>“Why not...?”</p>

      <p>“You already have everyone,” Aishia said, looking around at everyone. They were all watching her anxiously.</p>

      <p>“The lonely child named Rio grew up into you, Haruto. I cannot steal your precious bonds with everyone.”</p>

      <p>Aishia stared at everyone’s faces closely. She then turned around to face the wave of essence across the plains with a look of determination. “The only person you need to forget is me. That’s why...”</p>

      <p>Rio couldn’t comprehend what she was saying at all. No, he didn’t want to.</p>

      <p>“This is our final farewell. I will defeat the Saint—no, that man—myself...” Aishia left. But just before she flew off, she glanced back at Rio.</p>

      <p>“Bye-bye, Haruto.”</p>

      <p>She smiled gently and chuckled cutely. She wasn’t her usually emotionally detached self, but a young woman with a vivid range of emotions.</p>

      <p>Thus, Aishia left Rio’s side.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>