<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 20</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: After Return, Before Return</h1>

      <p>Immediately after returning from the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica, Rio made his way to his mansion with Liselotte and Aria. They proceeded to the dining room, where King Francois was coincidentally visiting at the same time.</p>

      <p>As soon as they had all taken their seats, Francois looked at Rio. “I believed you could do it...and you truly did. Well done bringing Liselotte back. Thank you for your efforts, Haruto.”</p>

      <p>Rio gave a short nod and bowed his head. “It was nothing.”</p>

      <p>“Welcome back, Liselotte,” Francois said, turning to her next. “I’m glad to see you safe.”</p>

      <p>“I’ve caused so much trouble for the country and everyone here... Please accept my deepest apologies.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t let it bother you. Think of it as encountering an unlucky misfortune. The Saint’s existence itself was a disaster...” Francois said, sighing at the memory of meeting Saint Erica. “I’ve asked someone to summon Cedric and Julianne, as well as Princess Christina and Princess Flora, who are close to you. They will arrive shortly, so show them that you’re safe.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you for your consideration.”</p>

      <p>“Of course. The main discussion will start after they arrive, but I’m sure Haruto must be very confused right now. Did you hear about what happened to the mansion on your way here?” Francois asked, glancing at Gouki and Kayoko.</p>

      <p>“No, I was told it would be better to wait for everyone to be present.”</p>

      <p>That was what Charlotte had said to him on the way here. She had spoken teasingly, but it was indeed the more efficient option.</p>

      <p>“I see...” Francois hesitated, but made up his mind quickly after. “In short, invaders attacked the castle shortly after you left.”</p>

      <p>“Wha—?!” Rio and Liselotte both widened their eyes.</p>

      <p>Francois paused, thinking about how to explain things in a way that wouldn’t cause them excess concern. The assailants were deeply related to Rio’s fated enemy, so he chose his words carefully.</p>

      <p>“Rest assured. Although the scale of the attack was large, the matter was resolved with relatively little harm. It was all thanks to the efforts of this mansion’s residents. I visited today in order to express my gratitude over the incident.”</p>

      <p>“Is that so...”</p>

      <p>Rio and Liselotte looked a little less anxious, but there was still too little information to dispel their confusion.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me. Princess Christina, Princess Flora, as well as Duke Cretia and his wife have arrived.” A female knight announced the arrival of the invited guests.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the invitation.”</p>

      <p>The first to enter after the knight were the foreign royals, Christina and Flora, but they promptly moved aside after giving their short greetings. They were probably being considerate of Liselotte’s parents, Duke Cedric Cretia and Duchess Julianne Cretia.</p>

      <p>“Your Majesty...”</p>

      <p>As her parents, they wanted to call out to their daughter immediately, but as a duke’s family, they couldn’t do such a thing. With his position as a noble in mind, Cedric greeted King Francois first. That being said, his gaze and attention were completely focused on his kidnapped daughter who had safely returned.</p>

      <p>“There’s no need to greet me. I will not stand in the way of a father-daughter reunion,” Francois said, dismissing the need for any noble etiquette.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for your consideration. Oh, Liselotte!” After a quick bow, Cedric rushed straight over to his daughter. His wife Julianne was right behind him.</p>

      <p>“Thank goodness you’re safe...” she sighed, sweeping Liselotte, who had stood up to meet them, into a loving hug with Cedric.</p>

      <p>“Mother, father...” Liselotte was unable to budge from their embrace. There were tears in her eyes and her voice was trembling. Everyone else in the room watched over the family quietly.</p>

      <p>After some time, Cedric and Julianne turned to Rio and bowed their heads deeply.</p>

      <p>“Sir Amakawa... No, Haruto. Thank you for bringing my daughter back.”</p>

      <p>“I acted of my own accord, so don’t worry about it,” Rio said, shaking his head.</p>

      <p>“Oh my...”</p>

      <p>Those words must have resonated in Julianne’s heart, as she looked at her daughter with a sigh of admiration. Liselotte tried to feign composure, but her cheeks were tinted a shy pink.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, truly...” Cedric smiled softly and shook Rio’s hand, emphasizing his gratitude from the bottom of his heart.</p>

      <p>“You’re welcome. However, it might be a bit too early to celebrate. I have some bad news to report as well...” Rio said, looking at Francois.</p>

      <p>“I expected as much. I also need to explain what happened over here to you. But let’s start with your report first.”</p>

      <p>Thus, Rio and Francois explained to each other what they had experienced during Rio’s absence.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Two days ago, on the outskirts of the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica...</p>

      <p>The sun was just about to set behind the stone house set up in the woods.</p>

      <p>“Mm...” Rio, who had been wounded in his battle with Saint Erica, opened his eyes.</p>

      <p><em>Where...</em></p>

      <p>The familiar ceiling of the stone house greeted him. He tried to recall what had happened with his still-groggy mind.</p>

      <p>“Sir Haruto...?”</p>

      <p>A familiar voice called to him from beside his bed, so he turned to look that way. Liselotte was seated in a chair next to his bed, having nursed him while he was unconscious. Their gazes met.</p>

      <p>“Liselotte...?”</p>

      <p>“Umm, how are you feeling? If it hurts anywhere...”</p>

      <p>Her hands hovered over his body, prepared to cast <em>Cura</em> to heal him.</p>

      <p>“I’m fine. Nothing hurts.”</p>

      <p>Rio slowly sat up, moving his arms to check the condition of his body. He could feel his body was stiff from sleeping, but he wasn’t in any pain.</p>

      <p>“Thank goodness...!” Liselotte exhaled in relief, slumping over as all her strength left her. Her hovering hands settled on clinging to Rio’s right arm on the bed, squeezing his hand tightly.</p>

      <p>“...” The sudden contact to his hand almost made Rio flinch, but he stifled his body’s reflexes with a gulp of air.</p>

      <p>“Thank goodness... Truly...”</p>

      <p>Liselotte was crying. Her head was hanging downwards, but both her slender body and lovely voice were trembling.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, I must have made you worry,” Rio apologized quietly.</p>

      <p>“No, I should be the one to apologize! I’ve caused you so much trouble...”</p>

      <p>Liselotte had lifted her face to argue back, but was looking down once again with the latter half of her words. Rio watched her like he was unsure of what to say.</p>

      <p>“It was no trouble at all.” He quickly gave her a gentle smile of assurance. Then, he moved his left hand and squeezed her hands softly between his.</p>

      <p>“Sir Haruto?” Liselotte asked, looking up in confusion.</p>

      <p>“I’m here of my own will. Being bedridden after charging in so triumphantly is pathetic of me, but I’ve never thought of it as a trouble caused by you.” Rio spoke slowly, as though he were explaining things to a crying child.</p>

      <p>“You’re not pathetic at all.” Liselotte’s voice cracked as she spoke. She still looked like she was blaming herself.</p>

      <p>“That’s a relief to hear. I’m so glad you were unharmed. We both came out of this benefiting from something, so please don’t look so upset,” Rio said, the sharp outlines of his face easing in joy.</p>

      <p>With that, Liselotte was unable to argue any further. Her body flinched a little in surprise.</p>

      <p>“Okay...” she murmured with a small nod.</p>

      <p>The two of them gazed at each other at close range, holding each other’s hands.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>