<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 20</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“W-Wait, help! How do I get back down?!” she shrieked, panicking.</p>

      <p><em>She’s forgotten how she flew by herself, huh? How ridiculous...</em></p>

      <p>She was failing to control her ability consciously because she had obtained the ability without learning any of the necessary basics. There were times where she had no control at all and just activated her abilities at maximum power. This was something she had in common with Hiroaki. Rio continued to watch her for a while, until...</p>

      <p>“H-Haruto!”</p>

      <p>It seemed that flying consciously was just too hard for her. Rio sheathed his sword and began to fly towards her. He slowed down just before crashing into her, gently catching her in both his arms.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Satsuki opened her eyes fearfully.</p>

      <p>“Good work today,” Rio’s smiling face said to her.</p>

      <p>“R-Right... Thanks.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki blushed, stammering her gratitude.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go back to the ground. I’ll give you my review then.”</p>

      <p>Thus, the two of them descended.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>A short distance away from the pavilion where Charlotte was observing from...</p>

      <p>“Aww, man... I couldn’t land a single hit.” Satsuki hung her head in disappointment.</p>

      <p>“There were holes in your plan, but it was a good plan overall. I liked how you broke up the terrain to use as projectiles. You started flying by yourself to attack me, but I guess you didn’t notice that part.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah... I was so immersed in fighting...”</p>

      <p>So she had been flying unconsciously after all.</p>

      <p>“Activating your abilities consciously will be your next goal.”</p>

      <p>“Flying by myself is so much scarier than being carried while flying. I’m shocked.”</p>

      <p>“A major hurdle to the spirit art of flying is overcoming the fear of heights. Your emotions have a large influence on your abilities.”</p>

      <p>Spirit arts brought about phenomena by conveying the imagination of the spirit art user into the mana in the atmosphere. If the caster feared falling, then the activation of the art would also become unstable.</p>

      <p>“At the end of the battle, all I could think about was how scared I was of falling.”</p>

      <p>“That’s normal, and you need to know the feeling of fear. Otherwise you may hurt yourself flying while your control is still lacking.”</p>

      <p>What was most important was to remain calm and unaffected by those emotions.</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>“You know that you have the foundations for flying. Work hard from here.”</p>

      <p>“Yup! Oh, that’s right. There’s one other ability I want to be able to use.”</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“You know how there are times when you move as though you teleported?”</p>

      <p>“...Like this?”</p>

      <p>Rio demonstrated the move that came to mind. He distanced himself from Satsuki and immediately moved back beside her.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes! That! How do you do that?” Satsuki asked excitedly. To her, it truly appeared as though he teleported.</p>

      <p>“You know how you used wind to accelerate yourself mid-battle?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I’m able to do that by imitating you. I wanted to move fast like you...”</p>

      <p>“If you can do that, then you’ve got the foundation for it as well. It’s a technique that’s necessary in flying spirit arts as well.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm...”</p>

      <p>“However, it’s harder and more dangerous to do that flying. You’ll need another ability besides the spirit arts...”</p>

      <p>And so it was difficult to learn overnight, Rio explained.</p>

      <p>“What kind of ability?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm... You know how I told you about extraneous movements in combat?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, right. Something about how when the opponent braces their weapon, you can read their next move by using that.”</p>

      <p>“Right. This is related to that, but have you heard of a telegraphed punch?”</p>

      <p>“A punch...that you communicate?” Satsuki asked in confusion. It seemed she had no idea.</p>

      <p>“If someone suddenly swung their fist before you, you’d think they’re about to hit you, right?” Rio held his fist up in a swinging pose.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’d be shocked. So that’s an extraneous movement.”</p>

      <p>“Yes. This pose tells your opponent you’re about to punch them, which is why it’s called a telegraphed punch.”</p>

      <p>There were no telegraph systems in this world, which is why this was a method of explanation he could only use with Satsuki.</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>“Aside from that, things like kicking, swinging your weapon, or running are actions that people unconsciously recognize as tells.”</p>

      <p>Rio assumed each one of the poses he mentioned.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I can easily tell which pose is what. Removing these kinds of movements is the purpose of martial arts forms, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. You might have realized this already, but I remove all of those kinds of movements when I accelerate. That’s why it gives the illusion of teleportation.”</p>

      <p>By moving from a complete stop, relying on only the spirit art to move, and refraining from making any other action, he could move as though a section of a video had been skipped entirely.</p>

      <p>“I think I get the logic. You’re basically running without making a running pose, right? And at an extremely rapid speed.”</p>

      <p>“It’s more like flying than running, but yes. This technique is especially effective against opponents facing you—if you look from the side, it’s clear I’m moving without running,” Rio said, then flew to a spot a short distance away. This time, instead of moving forwards to Satsuki, he passed by her.</p>

      <p>“Umm, you’re so fast I can’t follow you with my eyes... How many kilometers per hour are you even going?” Satsuki complained with a grimace. She couldn’t even tell whether he was flying or running.</p>

      <p>“Let’s see. I change speeds depending on my distance to my opponent, so it isn’t consistent, but... Even at my fastest speed, I cannot surpass the speed of sound.”</p>

      <p>“Th-The speed of sound?! Oh, but less than that... Still, that’s amazing.”</p>

      <p>The speed of sound was 340 meters per second. Converted to kilometers per hour, it was a little under 1,200.</p>

      <p>“I’ve surpassed it once before, but doing so creates a phenomenon known as a sonic boom. It’s a great burden on the body, and there’s a limit to how much relief the arts can provide.”</p>

      <p>That’s why he normally set his own limit to a subsonic speed. For the record, he normally flew at a slower speed when traveling—an average speed of 100 kilometers per hour.</p>

      <p>“S-So you can surpass it if you want to... Well, no wonder it looks like you’re teleporting.”</p>

      <p>Even at a subsonic speed, he could cross a hundred meters in a single instant. He could approach his opponent in the blink of an eye.</p>

      <p>“That’s why it’s dangerous. The movement takes a single instant, so you have to control everything from activating the art to stopping it in that instant. If you’re inexperienced at casting, you’ll risk colliding with your opponent and other obstacles. It’s also difficult to change your trajectory while accelerating. If you don’t choose your timing properly, you might self-destruct.”</p>

      <p>“And I have to think about how to attack after moving...”</p>

      <p>“Yes. The ideal situation is to attack the moment you finish moving.”</p>

      <p>“That isn’t a human technique, is it?” Satsuki eyed Rio in suspicion.</p>

      <p>“It is a very difficult technique. That’s why you should first focus on using spirit arts to fly.”</p>

      <p>“Okay! Oh, by the way...”</p>

      <p>“Yes?”</p>

      <p>“Do you have a name for it?”</p>

      <p>“A name...for what?”</p>

      <p>“For your high-speed movement.”</p>

      <p>“No, not particularly...”</p>

      <p>None of the spirit arts Rio used had any particular move name. There were some casters that found it easier to imagine their techniques by giving them a name, but Rio had never felt the necessity.</p>

      <p>“Instant movement, or instamove for short. Or maybe accelamove, short for accelerated movement. Or maybe even <em>shukuchi</em>, like the ancient martial arts?”</p>

      <p>“Shukuchi isn’t a martial art, but a fable from ancient mythology...”</p>

      <p>“Spirit arts are plenty similar to ancient mythology.”</p>

      <p>“I suppose...”</p>

      <p>He personally disagreed, but he wasn’t able to explain why, so he didn’t say so out loud.</p>

      <p>“They’re the same in the sense that they’re both fantasy techniques. So, regarding your high-speed movement: how about Shukuchi? I believe the origin of the word comes from the ground shrinking underneath your feet. Yup, it fits you perfectly.”</p>

      <p>“Well, I don’t mind either way... You seem to care a lot about the move name, though.”</p>

      <p>“Because it’s pitiful for such an amazing move to not have a name!”</p>

      <p>“I’m honored you think that way.” Rio smiled happily.</p>

      <p>“Right...” At Rio’s joyous face, Satsuki looked to the side shyly.</p>

      <p>“Then let’s go back for now. I’d like to give a lecture on spirit arts and check out your Divine Arms a little more.”</p>

      <p>Thus, Rio and Satsuki headed back to the pavilion.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>And so, they moved on to investigating Satsuki’s Divine Arms. What they wanted to know was whether something like the beast of the land was sleeping within her weapon as well.</p>

      <p>Seated in a circle under the pavilion were Rio, Satsuki, Aishia, Alma, and Charlotte.</p>

      <p>In the past, Rio and Alma had done a simple investigation of Satsuki’s Divine Arms in private. However, they only knew that the spear was special, and nothing else. It was a completely out-of-place artifact, and they had no way of studying what sorcery was in it, or how it was made.</p>

      <p>They didn’t know about the beast of the land back then, so they hadn’t considered the possibility of something similar to a spirit sleeping within the weapon. Besides, multiple heroes had materialized their Divine Arms in front of Aishia before, but she had never sensed the presence of a spirit from them.</p>

      <p>But they were yet to conduct an investigation under the assumption that something was sleeping within. And so...</p>

      <p>“Okay, can you lend your Divine Arms to Aishia?”</p>

      <p>“Sure. Here you go, Aishia.”</p>

      <p>They decided to have Aishia, the spirit, take it in her hands and investigate it herself. This was the same action that Dryas had done on Rio the first time he had visited the spiritfolk village with Aishia sleeping within him.</p>

      <p>At any rate, if there was something like the beast of the land sleeping within the spear, it would be dangerous to trigger it carelessly. The chances of something terrible happening were low, but investigating in an unpopulated place like this was for the best.</p>

      <p>“...” Aishia stared at the spear she accepted from Satsuki in silence.</p>

      <p>“How’s it look, Aishia?”</p>

      <p>“I can’t feel any spirit presence when it’s materialized as a weapon. But there’s definitely a connection between the spear and Satsuki. I could tell as soon as I touched it.”</p>

      <p>“Huh, so that’s how it is...” Satsuki looked between the weapon and her hands. Naturally, she couldn’t see anything with the naked eye.</p>

      <p>“Is it like the path between a contract spirit and us?” Alma asked Aishia.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it’s similar to that.”</p>

      <p>“Is it impossible for there to be a spirit in the weapon, Alma?” Rio asked Alma. As a dwarf, she had more profound knowledge when it came to spirits and weapons.</p>

      <p>“There are some spirits who choose an object to represent them instead of a contract. Like a spirit that resides in a tree, for example.”</p>

      <p>The spirit who resided in a tree was probably Dryas. Since Charlotte was present, she purposefully avoided saying her name.</p>

      <p>“However, spirits prefer to reside along leylines—places where the land is abundant with magic essence. I’ve never heard of one choosing to dwell in a weapon. If it were something like a spirit stone, then I could understand, but...”</p>

      <p>Satsuki’s Divine Arms had no spirit stones embedded as decorations.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know what a spirit stone is, but the item that summoned the heroes is an ancient artifact called a sacred stone. Is it possible for a spirit to reside in that instead?” Charlotte asked.</p>

      <p>“That is another possibility. But the sacred stone disappeared when Satsuki was summoned, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Father believes the stone became the Divine Arms.”</p>

      <p>“If the sacred stones are spirit stones, is it possible for a spirit to reside within them and transform into a weapon?” Rio asked, seeking Alma’s opinion once again.</p>

      <p>“As far as I know, such a technique doesn’t exist... But it doesn’t look like time-space sorcery is being used when the weapons are materialized. It looks similar to the phenomena of spirits materializing...”</p>

      <p>“I had the same thought. In this case, instead of there being a spirit inside the sacred stone or Divine Arms, it’s more like the Divine Arms itself is a spirit?”</p>

      <p>“If that’s true, then the Divine Arms would have two forms: a weapon form and a beast form... Three if you include the sacred stone form.”</p>

      <p>“Can spirits have multiple forms?”</p>

      <p>Alma shook her head slowly. “Not to my knowledge...”</p>

      <p>“Whether the Divine Arms is holding a spirit or is a spirit itself, I can’t feel any presence in its current form,” Aishia chimed in.</p>

      <p>“I see. In that case, the beast of the land might not be part of the Saint’s Divine Arms...”</p>

      <p>Alma groaned in thought. The more they investigated, the more possibilities emerged. There was no way of reaching a conclusion.</p>

      <p>“The connection between Satsuki and the Divine Arms... I’ll try following that link to see if I can probe further.”</p>

      <p>Aishia suddenly stood up with Satsuki’s spear in hand. She proceeded to walk out of the pavilion, followed by Rio and the others.</p>

      <p>“Are you examining the Divine Arms right now?”</p>

      <p>Sara, Miharu, Celia, and Latifa, who were training separately, came up to them. Kayoko and Louise’s knights also came over to watch.</p>

      <p>“It might be dangerous, so everyone should stand back,” Aishia said, distancing herself.</p>

      <p>“Everyone stand behind me just in case.” Rio stood in front of the group to be ready to protect them.</p>

      <p>“It’s a little scary...” Satsuki was trembling faintly. An unknown beast could be residing within her Divine Arms, so it was only natural.</p>

      <p>“We’re just examining it, so I don’t think anything will happen. This is just in case,” Rio said reassuringly.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Aishia began her examination. With the spear in both hands, she closed her eyes, following the connection between the weapon and Satsuki to dive within. Thus, she reached the visualization of the world within the Divine Arms—</p>

      <p><em>I can’t see anything...</em></p>

      <p>It was pure white. It was as though there was a thick fog covering everything, preventing her from seeing more than a few centimeters to the front.</p>

      <p>If she hadn’t followed the path between Satsuki and the weapon, she wouldn’t have been able to dive within here. She had barely been able to do so by relying on that connection.</p>

      <p><em>There’s a wall.</em></p>

      <p>When she followed it farther, she bumped into a barrier. It wasn’t visible to the eye, as her vision was filled with nothing but white. Just what was on the other side of the barrier? Aishia tried to push her way through.</p>

      <p>Just then, the wall was stained with something black. The darkness crossed the wall and attempted to cover Aishia as well.</p>

      <p>“Huh?!” Aishia immediately withdrew from the Divine Arms, snapping her eyes open. She stared down at the spear in her hands, bewildered.</p>

      <p><em>What...?</em></p>

      <p>The darkness that crossed the wall had been trying to tell her something before she broke away.</p>

      <p><em>I...</em></p>

      <p>Was there something she was meant to be doing? Was there something she had forgotten? She didn’t know why, but that was the feeling flooding into her right now.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Aishia?!” Rio noticed the abnormality and came running over immediately.</p>

      <p>“I’m fine...” she replied, swaying on her feet. However, her face was extremely pale. She was even whiter than she usually was.</p>

      <p>“Ai-chan!”</p>

      <p>Worried about Aishia’s state, Miharu came running over soon after to support her body.</p>

      <p>“Did you see something?” Rio asked nervously.</p>

      <p>“I couldn’t see anything,” Aishia muttered. “It was pure white, then pitch black, but...”</p>

      <p>She looked at Rio’s face, followed by Miharu’s. She felt like there was something she had to tell them, but the words wouldn’t come out. She looked unusually anxious.</p>

      <p>“All right... Let’s stop here for today.”</p>

      <p>Seeing her in such a state, Rio decided to stop the investigation on the Divine Arms.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>