<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 20</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Ghh...”</p>

      <p>...and embedded his sword in Erica’s heart.</p>

      <p>“Heh... Hehe...”</p>

      <p>Erica was smiling. The voice coming from her mouth wasn’t the man’s, but the original Erica’s.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. I had no other choice,” Rio said to Erica. This time, he would kill her. He was able to actually kill her in his current state.</p>

      <p>“You’re so kind. There’s no need to apologize,” Erica mumbled with a vacant look in her eyes. “Even if you didn’t deal the final blow, I would have died anyway. I can tell. I used more power than I can handle. The price of that is death. But thanks to you, I can die. I’m so, so happy—I’m overjoyed. I’ve always, always wanted to die... So thank you for killing me.” Erica smiled from the bottom of her heart.</p>

      <p>“You...” Rio was at a loss for words.</p>

      <p><em>You never wanted to do this in the first place, did you?</em></p>

      <p>“Humans are extremely foolish and ugly creatures. That’s why I don’t regret what I’ve done. I still think those fools should die. But there are kind people out there. Foolishly kind people. You must be one of them. So I have a favor to ask of you, kind one. Whether you listen is up to you,” Erica said eloquently, even as the light in her eyes dimmed. She really didn’t seem to have long left. Rio realized that.</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“There’s a remote village in the nation that I established, fifty kilometers east of the capital. The worst village with the worst people living in it. But deep in the mountains past the village, there’s a waterfall, where his grave is... If possible... I’d like to be...”</p>

      <p>Erica’s consciousness was beginning to fade. Honestly speaking, her explanation was rather insufficient, but...</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>