<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as A Slime, Vol. 18</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
</head>

<body>
  <div class="galley-rw">
    <section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter034">
      <h1 class="chapter-number"><a href="toc.xhtml#toc-chapter034">EPILOGUE</a></h1>

      <h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="toc.xhtml#toc-chapter034">END OF A DREAM</a></h1>

      <p class="noindent"><a id="page-325"></a>All Yuuki could do was laugh in despair.</p>

      <p><em>Oh man. I tried my best, but this is it, huh?</em></p>

      <p>It had been a little over ten years since he came to this world. He kicked it off by running into Kagali—still the demon lord Kazalim back then—and ever since, he’d been constantly striving to make his dreams come true. He made friends he could truly open up to, and he had shared his joys and hardships with them.</p>

      <p>But when you grew as rapidly as he did, the seams were bound to start showing. Someone like Rimuru, who went from success to success, was beyond exceptional. And the moment Yuuki failed to notice the change in Clayman, his plans were bound to fall apart. It left him with nothing but a guilty conscience.</p>

      <p>He had a few other regrets as well, so before it was too late, he decided to accelerate his mind and send off a final Thought Communication to everyone in the room.</p>

      <p>(Sorry, guys. I made a bad move, and now I’ve caused all this trouble for you.)</p>

      <p>Yuuki was ready to apologize now, but no one could blame him for it.</p>

      <p>“You’re not the only one to blame, Boss. I think my failure was a much larger factor.”</p>

      <p>Kagali still felt an intense amount of remorse. She never would <a id="page-326"></a>have been in this situation if she hadn’t been so obsessed with Leon. But then, she might not have met Yuuki, so maybe there were a few good things about all this.</p>

      <p>“Don’t cry, Princess,” Teare haltingly said, trying to comfort her. “I just remembered some stuff, too. I don’t know my original name, and it’s a whole big jumble of feelings and memories, but I was one of your attendants. And it’s all that king’s fault! We were on your side, Princess. So don’t regret anything, okay? If I get to join you to the end of your life, I couldn’t be any happier about it!”</p>

      <p>Even if this was it, Teare had no regrets. Her life was long over by the time Kagali saved it, and she even gave her something to live for. Being able to die alongside her, Teare said, was all she needed to be happy.</p>

      <p>“Teare…”</p>

      <p>“Ha-ha-ha! It’s been a lot of fun! And Footman and Clayman really loved you, too. You know, Boss, I’m really grateful for you. Even as the demon lord Kazalim, you were so reliable, so cool… I liked you a lot! But you really look the best like this, Princess!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it’s true. I laughed at you at first ’cause I didn’t think it suited ya at all, but now it just feels <em>right</em>, y’know? And if that’s how you always looked, then it’s only natural, I’d say.”</p>

      <p>Even Laplace earnestly agreed.</p>

      <p>“So yeah, Boss,” he added with a smile. “Don’t worry about it, okay? We all did our level best, and we ain’t got no regrets. I’m sure Clayman’s waitin’ for us, so let’s have fun over there, huh?”</p>

      <p>They had done everything they could. Between the good and the bad lay the moderate, and they had walked down that exact road without any shame. It made Laplace proud of both himself and his friends.</p>

      <p>“Ha-ha-ha! You really oughta complain to me some more, guys,” Yuuki insisted. “It’s your last chance.”</p>

      <p>“We don’t <em>have</em> any complaints,” Kagali told him.</p>

      <p>“Right, right!” Teare agreed.</p>

      <p>“I mean, yeah, I believed in you, Boss,” said Laplace. “If you couldn’t do something, y’know, we could accept it couldn’t be done.”</p>

      <p>But Yuuki stood firm.</p>

      <p>“You’re okay going with me, Laplace? I think that girl called you <a id="page-327"></a>something else, but if you went it alone, I bet you still have time to get out of here.”</p>

      <p>Sylvia had looked at him and said, “Thalion.” <em>Right</em>, he thought at the time. <em>Yeah, my name was Thalion, wasn’t it?</em> It was a lost memory, and now it had been recovered. He took a glance at Sylvia, relieved that his beloved wife was safe.</p>

      <p><em>But that’s all there is to it. I’m already dead.</em></p>

      <p>Over two thousand years had passed since he had come to life as Laplace. How was he supposed to come back to her like this? Besides, what mattered most to him now was Yuuki and his other friends. That’s why he didn’t mind joking about it.</p>

      <p>“Ahhh, it’s fine. I’m Laplace. Laplace the Wonder Jester, vice president of the Moderate Jesters. It’s all in the past now, kinda thing, so you don’t needta worry about me, Boss.”</p>

      <p>“…I don’t?”</p>

      <p>“Nah. Besides, you wanna leave <em>me</em> alone at the very end? Forget about it!”</p>

      <p>Hearing this warmed Yuuki’s heart. It was an absurdly unfair world, but maybe life in it wasn’t so bad after all. So, until the very last moment, he decided to resist with all he could.</p>

      <p>“Pfft. You’re all such a bunch of idiots. Not that I mind.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t need <em>you</em> tellin’ me that, Boss!”</p>

      <p>“I’ll say,” added Kagali. “You’re really smart, Sir Yuuki, but sometimes you do the dumbest things. Just like now, too.”</p>

      <p>“Ha-ha-ha! Yeah, but it’s kinda fun to join forces with everyone right at the end, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p>Faced with the unfathomable threat of Jahil, Yuuki’s team was united at heart. As long as their friends were there, they could even make hell a fun experience. There was no fear among them.</p>

      <p>“So! Farewell, then,” Jahil declared. “Time to pulverize your soul and wipe you off the face of this planet!!”</p>

      <p>Even after Jahil gave him that death sentence, the smile didn’t leave Yuuki’s face. And right after that—the flash turned it all into nothing.</p>

      <p class="space-break1">The time for playing was over. And with it, the ambition of Yuuki and his friends came to an end.</p>
    </section>
  </div>
</body>
</html>