<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as A Slime, Vol. 18</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
</head>

<body>
  <div class="galley-rw">
    <section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter005">
      <h1 class="chapter-number"><a id="page-13"></a><a href="toc.xhtml#toc-chapter005">CHAPTER 1</a></h1>

      <h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="toc.xhtml#toc-chapter005">THE WALPURGIS COUNCIL</a></h1>

      <p class="noindent10"><a id="page-15"></a>Raine’s transport gate led me to a world of white and silver; snow was raging across the landscape. Apparently we were holding it in Guy’s castle stronghold this time, not the space from before.</p>

      <p>I set foot inside, guided by Raine, with Shion and Diablo behind me. The outside was frozen and completely inhospitable for any kind of life, but it was a comfortable temperature inside the castle. A good half of the castle was in a state of collapse, however, and it was clear to anyone what had happened here.</p>

      <p>“Hey,” Guy said once I was taken to him. “Nice to see you here. Milim and Daggrull should be coming pretty soon, so relax while you wait.”</p>

      <p>We were in a large meeting hall, big enough for a royal ball, and there were several circular tea tables placed in the middle. Chairs were dotted here and there, his way of encouraging us to just sit wherever.</p>

      <p>I scanned the room for other guests. Luminus and Leon had already arrived, the former accompanied by the Holy Emperor Louis and her old butler Gunther, and the latter by the two knights Arlos and Claude, both clad in full armor. Seeing some familiar faces was a relief to me. Giving them a nod, I decided to claim a seat for now. I could sense Shion and Diablo standing behind me; there’d be no sitting for them. I really wished they’d lay off with the formality, but I just let them have their way.</p>

      <p><a id="page-16"></a>Then Ramiris showed up, as loudly as usual.</p>

      <p>“I can’t believe this! Why’d you just leave me behind like that?!”</p>

      <p>Oops! I thought we had left together, but I guess I went off without her.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Why weren’t you with us, Lady Ramiris?”</p>

      <p>It was Raine, not me, showing concern about this. She must’ve assumed everyone was there, so seeing an annoyed Ramiris surprised her.</p>

      <p>“That’s a very uncharacteristic mistake, Raine. Lady Ramiris sent us an emergency request, so I had to come over to greet her.”</p>

      <p>This was Mizeri, looking just as battered and beaten as Raine but still keeping that tight glare on her face. I assumed she and Raine were pretty much the same…but they had both been put through the wringer, so now their personality differences were much more distinct.</p>

      <p>“Wow, Raine! I guess your injuries are making your mind wander a little, aren’t they? And here I was pondering over who I should bring here! But <em>nooo</em>!”</p>

      <p>That prompt made me realize Ramiris had brought two people with her, Beretta and— Whoa. Come on.</p>

      <p>“What’re you doing here, Veldora?” I demanded.</p>

      <p>Luminus pointed her eyes behind Ramiris. Confirming that Veldora was there, she clicked her tongue and winced.</p>

      <p>“That evil dragon…”</p>

      <p>“Kwaaaah-ha-ha-ha! If a meeting <em>this</em> important is taking place, how could I ever not participate in it? I was intending to accompany Rimuru here, actually, but I started off a little late, you see. So I stopped Ramiris real quick and asked her to bring me along instead!”</p>

      <p>Veldora never did know how to read a room. Luminus’s suddenly dour mood didn’t even register with him as he leaned back in his chair, supremely confident.</p>

      <p>“Right, exactly!” Ramiris added. “And if my master’s joining in, I couldn’t ask for much better’n that, so you better thank me for thinking to bring him!”</p>

      <p>Among them, only Beretta was shaking his head and groaning, but I guess he didn’t have the power to stop them.</p>
    </section>
  </div>
</body>
</html>