<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as A Slime, Vol. 18</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
</head>

<body>
  <div class="galley-rw">
    <section class="body-rw Chapter-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter001">
      <h1 class="chapter-number"><a id="page-2"></a><a href="toc.xhtml#toc-chapter001">PROLOGUE</a></h1>

      <h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="toc.xhtml#toc-chapter001">THE CLANDESTINE MEETING</a></h1>

      <p class="noindent"><a id="page-3"></a>As Rimuru and his allies were engaged in blistering combat with the forces of Ludora, there was an uninvited guest in the former Beast Kingdom of Eurazania.</p>

      <p>Here a mighty edifice named the Sky Palace was in the midst of being built by a remarkably diverse team of magic-born. With the Eastern Empire kicking off their invasion of the Forest of Jura, Geld—the chief foreman—had to step away from construction duty. This meant major delays in the project, but work was still proceeding as normal on sections the remaining crew could handle by themselves.</p>

      <p>Such was the scene that greeted Obela of the Three Mystic Leaders when she arrived.</p>

      <p class="space-break1">On the topmost floor of the Sky Palace, a space serving as a provisional office, Milim and Obela were facing each other. The only other person in the room was Middray, politely standing behind Milim’s back. Everyone else had taken refuge—if a fight broke out, none of them could contribute much.</p>

      <p>Milim had seen Carillon and Frey off earlier, but she herself wasn’t taking part in the war. There were several reasons for this, but the biggest one was that <em>somebody</em> needed to defend her nation. Looking at things from the Empire’s perspective, she couldn’t deny <a id="page-4"></a>the possibility that they’d opt for an invasion route through the lands she ruled over. What’s more, if she took the lead on any warfare, it’d mean having to kill human beings by her own hand, something she was loath to do.</p>

      <p>So she stayed here, and it was now increasingly clear that was the right choice.</p>

      <p>“What do you need from me?” she asked her visitor, someone rude enough to pick this exact moment for her visit. Middray, perhaps driven by his absolute faith in Milim, stood silently as he watched on, waiting to see how Obela would respond to her question.</p>

      <p>Obela, meanwhile, removed the God-class armor covering her entire body and kneeled before Milim.</p>

      <p>“I am extremely delighted to have this audience with you, Dragon Princess Milim. My name is Obela, a former member of the Seven Primordial Angels and the faithful servant of Veldanava the Star-King Dragon.”</p>

      <p>She had beautiful, flowing hair as dark as the night sky; the star-like shine to her eyes was just as mesmerizing, holding enough charm to capture the mind of anyone who beheld them. Milim was all geared up for a fight, but seeing Obela’s unexpectedly obsequious manner disappointed her a bit.</p>

      <p>“Mm?”</p>

      <p>As she stood there, unsure how to react, she sensed a smile on Obela’s face.</p>

      <p>“I can understand if you do not know of me,” Obela went on. “At the time you were born, I was assigned to a job over in another world. I apologize for not coming to introduce myself sooner.”</p>

      <p><em>What’s going on here?</em></p>

      <p>Milim was doubtful about all this.</p>

      <p>“Well, you look pretty strong. But you’re not here to duke it out with me?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, absolutely not.”</p>

      <p>“Huh. So what <em>are</em> you here for?”</p>

      <p>“To give you my formal greetings…and a word of warning.”</p>

      <p>Obela raised her head, her expression suddenly stern as she stared at Milim.</p>
    </section>
  </div>
</body>
</html>