<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:404e3903-25fc-44c2-b74c-ef9dac1503f9" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter027">
<p>Now Testarossa’s rule over the West was complete.</p>
<p>“Do you think he read all of this?” she said to Moss. “Ah, we’re all dancing on Sir Rimuru’s palm, aren’t we? What a truly, truly wonderful ruler!”</p>
<p>“Yes, there’s no telling how deep his talents run.”</p>
<p>“I firmly agree. But today’s events might drive Guy Crimson to get more serious. And if he does…”</p>
<p>“We’ll have to firm up our powers. No matter the storm facing us, we must show the public that no one shall block the path of our master!”</p>
<p>“I’m glad you understand. May you remain just as diligent going forward. I expect great things from you. And tell Cien for me, won’t you?”</p>
<p>“Absolutely, my master!”</p>
<p>Testarossa gave him a satisfied smile and an elegant nod.</p>
<p class="space-break1">Over in the north, Cien—one of Testarossa’s demon servants—was holding his own until Elmesia’s Magus forces could arrive. Thanks to Guy not being all <em>that</em> serious about this invasion, the demons saw their position weaken in due time—and in the blink of an eye, they had retreated.</p>
<p>Thus marked the end of the disturbance in the West. But in a way, the true upheaval was only about to begin.</p>
<p>………</p>
<p>……</p>
<p>…</p>
<p>“Hey, I just received word from Mizeri, but why the heck does Blanc have a name now?”</p>
<p>“Oh, you mean Testarossa? Well, it proves that she, too, understands the glory and wonder of Sir Rimuru.”</p>
<p>Diablo was all too eager to explain things to the nonplussed Guy.</p>
<p>“And it sounds like they’re making mincemeat of my minions out there… Guess this little prank blew up in my face, didn’t it?”</p>
<p><a id="page-263"></a>“Naturally. It is all according to Sir Rimuru’s plan. And Guy… You, too, are being taken advantage of.”</p>
<p>Diablo, completely unbeknownst to Rimuru, was keeping up with his taunting. If Rimuru was here, he’d probably be holding Diablo’s arms back and screaming “Have you gone insane, you fool?!” in his face.</p>
<p>“So did that bum Rimuru name Testarossa?”</p>
<p>“Yes, he did.”</p>
<p>“And her getting a physical body and evolving to a Demon Peer…?”</p>
<p>“All the blessings of Sir Rimuru, yes.”</p>
<p>“…Oh.”</p>
<p>Diablo’s smile widened as Guy’s headache intensified. Raine, stationed behind him, turned white at the enormity of the news.</p>
<p><em>Ugh, are you serious? We’ve somehow maintained this delicate balance of battle skill for the past millennium and a half-ish, and now it’s all crashing down…</em></p>
<p>Guy had to resist the urge to laugh. A three-way deadlock between Primal Demons; the East in a standoff with the West; Luminus in a staring contest against Daggrull—somehow, everything had balanced itself just right. That was now gone in the course of a single day.</p>
<p>Suddenly, he was struck with a dark foreboding. He turned to Diablo.</p>
<p>“Hey, so if Testarossa’s now above the other two, what’re <em>they</em> up to right now?”</p>
<p>“Ultima and Carrera, you mean? Sir Rimuru put them to work as well, of course, and let me assure you, they couldn’t be happier…”</p>
<p>“Wait! Hold it right there!”</p>
<p>Guy stopped the smiling Diablo before he went into full gear.</p>
<p>“What? I am getting to the good part.”</p>
<p>Being interrupted just when he was about to banter away offended Diablo. Guy, as always, wanted nothing but the facts.</p>
<p>“It’s gonna be another long story, isn’t it?”</p>
<p>“It would <em>have</em> to be, wouldn’t it?”</p>
<p>That was up for debate, but Guy had no intention of doing so.</p>
<p><a id="page-264"></a>“Well, I’ll listen to the whole thing later, so…um, this Ultima and Carrera you mention…”</p>
<p>“Ah yes—Ultima is Violet, the Original Purple, and Carrera is Jaune, the Original Yellow. You really <em>must</em> call them by their names, because they have a rather short fuse if you don’t. In fact, they’ve all but forgotten their old monikers as of late.”</p>
<p>“They have…?”</p>
<p>Guy was at a loss for words. <em>Come on… What the hell could that bastard Rimuru be thinking? Noir, I can understand—he’s always been a strange one. But if Violet and Jaune are jumping on his bandwagon, it’s not so funny anymore. And Blanc, too? The proudest out of all the Primals, and now she’s also serving someone else…?</em></p>
<p>He mulled this over as Diablo kept casually chatting.</p>
<p>“I invited them, mind you. Having more work to do is certainly a welcome thing, but if <em>I</em> cannot support Sir Rimuru directly, there’s no point to it. Don’t you think so?”</p>
<p>“…Huh?”</p>
<p>Now Guy eyed him with great suspicion, wondering if he heard him correctly. He may have wielded absolute power in this world, but now Diablo was verbally toying with him.</p>
<p>“This way, you see, I can give the trivial duties to—er, that is, I was looking for companions to work alongside me, and their schedules were free, so I invited them. Having these stupid power struggles for all time is simply ridiculous, so I told them to grow up a little and help out Sir Rimuru!”</p>
<p>Guy internally cursed the proud Diablo. <em>This is all your doing?! If anyone needs to grow up here, it’s you!</em></p>
<p>“…So Rimuru brought them on after you invited them? And gave them names? <em>And</em> bodies?”</p>
<p>“Exactly. Thinking about how rudely they treated Sir Rimuru at first fills me with murderous rage, even today. However, they’re proving to be quite helpful. If Sir Rimuru is not bothered by it, then I am open to generously forgiving them.”</p>
<p>Diablo was strange enough, but Guy knew full well that Rimuru was beyond abnormal. Naming Primal Demons was something <a id="page-265"></a>your average demon lord should never be capable of doing. It was lethally dangerous, opening you to the risk of either dying or simply being <em>poofed</em> out of existence. Besides, even if a Primal Demon’s power was recognized and praised, that demon would never bow down and serve anyone. If they were named, they’d repay the favor by consuming the namer’s soul—that’s all. This wasn’t just a matter of being crazy or overly confident in oneself.</p>
<p><em>I think I better talk things over directly with him</em>, Guy concluded.</p>
<p>“Right. I’m gonna go pay a visit to Rimuru soon.”</p>
<p>“Oh? I will pass on that. It will only invite more trouble.”</p>
<p><em>God dammit…</em></p>
<p>Guy was already balling his hands into fists. But losing his temper would put him out of the game. Diablo was a unique case—if he ripped him apart right now, he’d just resurrect himself. Guy was fully aware of that, so he never took the bait.</p>
<p>“Nah, think about it. I want to hear more about your story, y’know, and we can’t really relax and chat over matters amid all <em>this</em> stuff, can we? And Deeno’s been telling me about how prosperous Rimuru’s lands have become. I’m getting kinda curious.”</p>
<p>He put a hand on Diablo’s shoulder, acting buddy-buddy as he spoke.</p>
<p>“<em>Sigh…</em> Well, all right. In that case, you are welcome to visit. I’m sure Sir Rimuru would be delighted.”</p>
<p>Diablo, for his part, never minded when people complimented Tempest. Feeling a bit better, he accepted Guy’s request.</p>
<p>If Rimuru were here, he’d probably be screaming even louder now. <em>Good lord</em>, he thought when Diablo briefed him on it later, <em>he’s learning all the bad lessons from Shion and none of the good ones…</em></p>
<p>Thus, unbeknownst to Rimuru yet, Diablo and Guy’s conversation came to a close.</p>
<p>“In any case, if all of you are on hand, I’m outta here.”</p>
<p>“Yes, I’m sure Sir Rimuru will handle things here…no matter <em>what</em> happens.”</p>
<p>“Will he? Well, tell him I said hello.”</p>
<p>“I will. In that case, I look forward to seeing you again soon.”</p>
<p>With that, Guy was gone.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>