<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main"></div>

    <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

    <h2>Bathing with the Professor?!</h2>

    <p>A few days after Miharu, Latifa, and the others had arrived at the stone house and began living together...</p>

    <p>It was night time, after the house had fallen silent with all its residents fast asleep.</p>

    <p>“Phew...”</p>

    <p>Rio had finished his night training and was soaking in the bath alone. In the bathroom, where sounds echoed easily, he sighed away his exhaustion from the day. Suddenly, the door to the bathroom rattled open.</p>

    <p>“Eh?” Rio had completely let his guard down, so he looked towards the doorway in shock. Standing there was Celia, her body hidden beneath a loosely-wrapped bath towel.</p>

    <p>“Huh. The light’s on...”</p>

    <p>Celia met Rio’s eyes with a look of surprise.</p>

    <p>“P-Professor...?”</p>

    <p>Rio was also taken aback, frozen inside the bathtub. They remained that way, their eyes locked on one another.</p>

    <p>“R-Rio...? Kya?!” Celia squeaked, tightening the bath towel around her body in panic.</p>

    <p>“S-Sorry!” Rio apologized, averting his eyes. Although her body had been hidden by the towel, he’d just witnessed his teacher in her most defenseless state, after all.</p>

    <p>“N-No, it’s okay! I’m the one who should be sorry. I came in without checking if it was occupied! Aha, ahaha... aah...” Celia started explaining in a fluster, but the embarrassment eventually caught up to her, turning her bright red as she struggled for words.</p>

    <p>“Umm... I’ll get out, then. Please get in,” Rio offered awkwardly.</p>

    <p>“N-No, it’s okay! I’ll get in later.” Celia said, retreating to the changing room in a rush.</p>

    <p>“You’re already naked, so putting your clothes back on now would just make you cold. I’m already warmed up enough, so,” Rio informed her, as her head peered around the changing room door.</p>

    <p>“N-Naked...” Reminded once again of her nakedness, Celia’s head short-circuited as she blushed harder.</p>

    <p>“That’s why I’ll get out now. Can you look the other way?”</p>

    <p>After a moment of silence, Celia turned towards Rio with determination. “...W-Wait.”</p>

    <p>“...Yes?”</p>

    <p>“S-Since it’s just the two of us, how about we chat a little?”</p>

    <p>“Huh? Do you mean...”</p>

    <p>Did she mean for them to bathe together? Rio was so taken aback, his expression went blank in shock.</p>

    <p>“S-Shall we bathe together? Of course, that’s only if you’re okay with it...”</p>

    <p>So that <em>was</em> what she meant. Celia made this proposition to Rio in a squeaky voice, watching his expression timidly.</p>

    <p><em>A-Am I being too bold?! B-But I couldn’t let this chance go! Miharu and Sara and everyone are all such nice, cute girls! </em>she agonized to herself while blushing furiously.</p>

    <p>“I don’t... mind, but... Well, we’ll be a man and a woman naked together.” Rio was fairly baffled as he spoke.</p>

    <p>“I-It’s fine if you don’t stare at my body. It’d be one thing if it was some other man, but it’s you.” Celia looked away from Rio’s eyes out of embarrassment, restlessly moving about.</p>

    <p>“You don’t feel uncomfortable, Professor?” Rio asked while watching Celia’s face.</p>

    <p>“O-Of course I do! But, well, we don’t normally have time to ourselves because everyone else is around, you know? There are things I don’t want to say in front of the others, so... that’s why... I’m coming in!” Though her face was still bright red, Celia became impatient and marched into the bathroom.</p>

    <p>“Wait—?!” Rio looked away in a fluster.</p>

    <p>“D-Don’t look this way, okay? I’m going to wash myself first.” Celia used the magic artifacts in the washing area to produce water and clean her body.</p>

    <p>“Uh...”</p>

    <p>The sound of her scrubbing herself clean soon reached Rio’s ears, making him gulp. Who knew how much time passed? After a while, he heard the sound of water running, washing away the soap.</p>

    <p>“I-I’m getting in now.”</p>

    <p><em>Splash</em>. Celia had entered the bath. <em>Splash</em>, <em>splash</em>. She waded through the water, making her way towards Rio.</p>

    <p>“I-I’m done.”</p>

    <p>Celia stopped roughly one meter away from Rio and sat down, their positions back-to-back.</p>

    <p>“...I’m a little surprised. What did you want to talk about?” Rio sighed tiredly and questioned Celia sitting behind him.</p>

    <p>“Huh? Ah, r-right. Talking. Umm, I was thinking about how I’ve had a bath every day since coming to this house, so it’ll be hard to return to my previous lifestyle. Ahaha.” Celia forced a smile on her face and came up with a topic on the spot.</p>

    <p>“I... see... So that means you intend on returning to your previous life as a noble.” Rio was a little taken aback, a subtle expression on his face.</p>

    <p>“Huh? A-Ah, yeah, umm, no...” Celia blinked at the unexpected turn of the conversation.</p>

    <p><em>I-I can’t say that wasn’t what I was thinking at all! B-But I did want to discuss that topic in more detail! </em>Celia thought uncomfortably.</p>

    <p>“Hmm? Is someone inside the bathroom?”</p>

    <p>The door to the bathroom cracked open, letting the voice of a sleepy Masato waft through.</p>

    <p>“Y-Yeah. Masato. I was just about to get out, though.”</p>

    <p>“Oh, okay. The lights in the changing room were on, so...” Masato yawned. “I'm going to the toilet and heading to bed. Good night.” With a great yawn, Masato turned around and left.</p>

    <p>“Ahaha. Should we get out after all?” Celia said awkwardly.</p>

    <p><em>Maybe I should make a sign that says ‘Occupied’ for the changing room door, </em>Rio thought.</p>

    <h2>The First Princess at the Academy</h2>

    <p>It was Year 996 of the Holy Era. Rio was still enrolled at the Royal Academy of Beltrum, and it was the day after he had emerged victorious in the mock battle against Charles Arbor.</p>

    <p>Christina, who was a sixth grader of the elementary division and first princess of the kingdom, was accompanied by her classmate and childhood friend Roanna on a walk around the academy after school. There were still many students remaining on the campus grounds and conversations were taking place around every corner. However, it felt like today’s chatter was particularly heated—especially that of the girls from younger grades.</p>

    <p>“...The lower-grade girls seem to be rather noisy today,” Christina said suddenly, seeing the restless students.</p>

    <p>“That’s because, well...” The answer that came from Roanna was evasive.</p>

    <p>Christina stopped walking. “Do you know something?”</p>

    <p>“Well...”</p>

    <p>“Speak.”</p>

    <p>Roanna was hesitant, but resolved herself at Christina’s urging. “I believe the results of the mock battles yesterday are a hot topic right now.”</p>

    <p>“The mock battles? Ah...” Christina said with a rather uncomfortable look. It wasn’t a displeased one, but there was a slight hint of a darker expression. That look soon disappeared from her face as she turned to observe the girls in lower grades nearby.</p>

    <p>They were talking about someone in particular; whether it was intentional or not, they were purposefully avoiding saying the name, but it was clear who the subject was based on the conversation: Rio.</p>

    <p>The girls were so engrossed in their conversation, they didn’t realize Christina and Roanna were nearby. Then, one female student came running up to the group of noisy girls.</p>

    <p>“I-I passed on the letter! Oh no, whatever shall I do, whatever shall I do?!”</p>

    <p>The newly arrived female student seemed to be rather excited, reporting something in a disoriented tone.</p>

    <p>Eavesdropping was something she frowned upon, so Christina immediately tried to leave, but the curious word she caught made her slow her steps.</p>

    <p><em>...A letter?</em></p>

    <p>“Really?!”</p>

    <p>“Did you tell him you like him clearly?! Did he reply?! Please give us the details!”</p>

    <p>The girls grew even more excited. Based on the conversation, the one girl had probably just given someone a love letter.</p>

    <p>The annual mock battle with the knights was a gateway for the male students of the academy to achieve success in life. Being that he’d been the only person who’d bested a knight this year, it was inevitable that the attention would focus on Rio and flip the girls’ perception of him completely.</p>

    <p>That being said, reality wasn’t quite as simple as that. No matter how good his results were, his origins as an orphan meant Rio would always be seen with a bias. Now that he had demonstrated his ability, it was possible for him to become a knight, but it was clear that his future would be strongly criticized. Once the girls had a taste of that reality, their perceptions of him would no doubt flip once again.</p>

    <p>“...Let’s go, Roanna.” Christina sighed quietly and made to leave the scene for real this time.</p>

    <p>“Y-Yes, Your Highness,” Roanna nodded, but the look on her face wasn’t at ease and Christina immediately saw through it.</p>

    <p>“You look like you have something to say.”</p>

    <p>“N-No, not at all!” Roanna shook her head furiously.</p>

    <p>“Oh? Are you trying to hide something from me?” Christina asked with a daring smile.</p>

    <p>“N-No... T-Then, if I may ask, what do you think of him, Princess Christina?”</p>

    <p>“Him?” Christina pretended not to know who she was referring to.</p>

    <p>“I-I mean... about Rio.” Despite her reluctance to do so, Roanna uttered Rio’s name out loud.</p>

    <p>“...Nothing in particular,” Christina answered bluntly.</p>

    <p>“T-Then, what do you think about the fact that he is being severely undervalued? I’m sure you’ve noticed already, but his talents far exceed that of a prodigy. Would it not be a loss to this kingdom for his abilities to rot away like this?”</p>

    <p>Uttering Rio’s name out loud seemed to have broken the usual dam on Roanna had on her words.</p>

    <p>Christina’s eyes widened faintly in surprise. “It’s rare to see you praise someone so much.”</p>

    <p>“I-I have simply accepted the facts for what they are and stated my words with the kingdom’s benefit in mind,” said Roanna. She found it a waste to have a person like Rio neglected like this. Her way of thinking was truly logical.</p>

    <p>“Then you should understand, no? Right now, the people of this kingdom blindly accept that the only way to gain social status is to drag down the others around them. Do you think someone like him would be treated fairly in a kingdom like that?” As Christina spoke, her tone turned somewhat self-contemptuous.</p>

    <p>“B-But...” Though she tried to argue, Roanna found herself at a loss for words.</p>

    <p>“Let’s go.” Christina had nothing more to say and left.</p>

    <h2>Want Something</h2>

    <p>It was Year 996 of the Holy Era.</p>

    <p>Located in Beltrant, the capital of the Kingdom of Beltrum, was Celia’s underground research laboratory, located under the library tower of the Royal Academy.</p>

    <p>“Congratulations on moving up a grade, Rio.”</p>

    <p>“Thank you very much, Professor.”</p>

    <p>Rio had reached a new school year, so they were celebrating his entrance into the sixth grade of the elementary division.</p>

    <p>“You’re already twelve, huh... Time sure flies,” Celia said with an emotional tone.</p>

    <p>“Yes. These last five years went by quickly.”</p>

    <p>“That much time has passed since we met...”</p>

    <p>“I’ve finally reached the same age as you when we first met.”</p>

    <p>“Which makes me seventeen... Ugh, only three more years until I’m twenty.”</p>

    <p>The ideal marriage age for noblewomen was from their mid-teens to twenty years old. Recalling that made Celia’s face darken slightly with a frown.</p>

    <p>“You’re still young, Professor,” Rio chuckled.</p>

    <p>“Hmph! This is no laughing matter!” Celia pouted, looking at Rio with a reproachful gaze.</p>

    <p>“Sorry. You’re worrying about something you needn’t worry about, so I couldn’t help myself.”</p>

    <p>“...That’s not true. Girls the same age as me have already married, and I’ve spent these last years in my research lab whenever I’m not teaching. Even I know my research life is rather dull,” Celia said, laughing at herself scornfully.</p>

    <p>“That’s just the way you are. What’s wrong with that? Also, I had a lot of fun in the time I spent with you in your research lab. Are you saying you didn’t?”</p>

    <p>“P-Putting it that way isn’t fair. Of course I did...”</p>

    <p>Of course she’d had fun. Celia blushed and avoided Rio’s gaze.</p>

    <p>“Of course?”</p>

    <p>“O-Of course I’ve had fun. I’m having fun right now,” Celia replied shyly.</p>

    <p>“Thank goodness. If you were all withered and dry, then I’d be the same.”</p>

    <p>Rio beamed with a happy smile. Outside of his time studying and training, he was practically always underground with Celia in her lab.</p>

    <p>“...I think you could act your age a bit more, Rio. You’ve got an oddly philosophical view on things when you should be more like other boys your age.”</p>

    <p>“Even if you tell me to act like the other boys...”</p>

    <p>“For example, is there something you want? I wanted to give you a present to celebrate the new school year, but I didn’t know what you’d like,” Celia said.</p>

    <p>“No, but I appreciate the thought,” Rio refused reflexively.</p>

    <p>“See? That’s what I mean. Normal children would be using this chance to beg for something... You don’t need to hold yourself back. Try saying what you want honestly, just for today. If I can get it for you, I will. You’re always taking care of me, so it’ll also be thanks for that,” Celia insisted.</p>

    <p>“Even so...” Rio still tried to refuse, but it didn’t seem like Celia was willing to accept that right now. Rio thought about what he wanted in his current situation.</p>

    <p>Then, after a moment—</p>

    <p>“...In that case,” he started.</p>

    <p>“In that case?” Celia watched Rio’s face expectantly.</p>

    <p>“Could you give me some of your time in the future, Professor? To spend like this, drinking tea and chatting,” Rio requested, staring back at Celia’s face. Celia blinked blankly for several moments.</p>

    <p>“...B-But that’s what we always do! Asking for it in the future is...!” she shouted shrilly, cheeks turning red.</p>

    <p>“Then please give me even more of your time. I want this time to be routine for us... Because I consider that to be a great luxury. Is that okay?” Rio said, peering at Celia’s face closely.</p>

    <p>“Uh...”</p>

    <p>It was almost like a confession, but Rio himself didn’t realize it. Despite understanding that <em>that</em> wasn’t how he’d meant it, Celia couldn’t help but blush.</p>

    <p>“...A-All right. If you’re fine with something like that, then I’ll give you my time.” With her pride and dignity as an older woman, Celia bit down on her lip and maintained a calm disposition as she nodded.</p>

    <p>“Thank you very much.” Rio looked quite happy as he gave a bright smile.</p>

    <h2>Elemental ☆ Princess Service!</h2>

    <p>On Earth, in Japan, somewhere in the city...</p>

    <p>One afternoon on Christmas Day, Haruto, Miharu, Suzune, and Rikka were visiting Celia’s house in the suburbs.</p>

    <p>“Okay, we’re here!” Suzune announced when they arrived before the gate, having visited many times before.</p>

    <p>“Every time I see it I’m impressed...” Miharu muttered, overwhelmed by the grandeur of the mansion. She had visited several times with Haruto before, but it was still far too big for a single woman to live in alone. However, two girls had moved in just recently, bringing the total number of residents up to three. Today, they had been invited to a house party for Celia to introduce the two newcomers to them.</p>

    <p>“Amakawa-senpai, was it really okay for me to be invited along too?” Minamoto Rikka—Haruto and Miharu’s middle school underclassman—asked rather worriedly. She had become acquainted with Haruto by chance just the other day at the school festival, after which Haruto realized they took the same bus from school and started talking to her more. However, Rikka and Celia had never met directly before.</p>

    <p>“Of course. One of the girls here will be joining your grade after the new year, having moved here from overseas, so we hope you two can become friends. I haven’t met them before either, so there’s no need to be afraid.”</p>

    <p>“Oh, really? What is she like?”</p>

    <p>Haruto and Rikka chatted like that in a familiar manner for a while. Meanwhile, Suzune rang the doorbell and waited.</p>

    <p>“Hi! We’re here waiting. Come in, come in.” Celia’s voice came out of the intercom and the gate opened. Suzune led the way from the electric gate to the front door with familiar footsteps, everyone else behind her.</p>

    <p>Celia stood waiting in front of the door to the residence. “Welcome everyone. You must be Rikka. I’ve heard a lot about you from Haruto. It’s cold outside, so let’s all go in first.”</p>

    <p>Thus, they entered the residence and followed Celia to the living room where the party was being held.</p>

    <p>“I’ve told you about how two girls are moving into my place, right? Their names are Christina and Flora, and both are from my homeland—and a fairly distinguished family at that. But they’ve asked that you treat them casually. Lady Christina’s out at the moment, but I can introduce Lady Flora to you first. I’m going to open the door now,” Celia explained on the way there. But when she opened the door to reveal what was waiting in the living room on the other side...</p>

    <p>“Huh...?”</p>

    <p>It was the young beauty Flora, dressed in a mini-skirt Santa costume. Haruto, Miharu, and Rikka were all rendered speechless.</p>

    <p>“Wow, how adorable!” Suzune said, her eyes sparkling.</p>

    <p>“I-It’s nice to meet you. I’m Flora Beltrum,” Flora said, bowing her head.</p>

    <p>“Nice... to meet you...” Haruto and the others slowly returned the bow.</p>

    <p><em>Why is she dressed as Santa? </em>They all wondered to themselves.</p>

    <p>“Umm, Professor Celia said dressing like this at Japanese Christmas parties would make the guests happy, s-so it was embarrassing, but I did my best.” Flora seemed to be able to gather the thoughts behind their gazes, as she blushed furiously.</p>

    <p>“Yup, Lady Flora said she wanted to give everyone a proper welcome, so I discussed it with Suzune and researched it,” Celia boasted smugly.</p>

    <p><em>Professor, the information you found was probably wrong! </em>Haruto and the others thought to themselves.</p>

    <p>“Hehe, what do you think, Haruto onii-san? Don’t you want to see Celia, Miharu, Rikka, and me in Santa costumes too?” Suzune asked boldly despite her shy smile.</p>

    <p>“Ahaha, I’ve actually prepared them for everyone...”</p>

    <p>Apparently, they had planned things out together with Suzune, as Celia offered outfits to everyone.</p>

    <p>“Ah, no...”</p>

    <p>Haruto was at a loss for words. He looked at Miharu and Rikka standing beside him for help, but the two of them were watching him for his reaction instead. Celia seemed to be a little embarrassed before Haruto, while Suzune was looking at him expectantly.</p>

    <p><em>How do I reply to this?</em></p>

    <p>Haruto, being a man, was cornered into an agonizing decision.</p>

    <h2>Professor Celia’s Way of the Fluff</h2>

    <p>In the Galarc Kingdom, inside the stone house...</p>

    <p>It was the day after Rio had brought Miharu and the others out of the spirit folk village and met up at the house.</p>

    <p>“Ehehe, it always feels so good when Onii-chan pets me...”</p>

    <p>Latifa was clinging to Rio adoringly, as usual. They sat on the living room sofa together with her head in Rio’s lap, grinning happily as she was being petted. It wasn’t particularly shocking to Miharu and Sara’s groups, as they were familiar with how close the two of them were, but that wasn’t the case for Celia, who was witnessing it for the first time.</p>

    <p>Sara shot Latifa an envious glance before explaining things with a sigh. “This is normal for the two of them.”</p>

    <p>“Oh, really...” Celia looked at them once again. Rio looked like he was petting her out of obligation, and it wasn’t as though they were flirting romantically, so it did seem like they were just sharing the moment as siblings.</p>

    <p>Well, she was a little bothered by how Aishia had taken up a spot next to Rio and was pressing closer... Even so, seeing Latifa’s deep happiness was enough to deter her from putting a damper on things. And, most importantly—</p>

    <p><em>Oh, she’s so cute!</em></p>

    <p>Latifa’s tail flickered as her ears twitched. Each time Rio petted her, Latifa’s fluffy ears and tail moved around happily, stealing Celia’s gaze. The night before, when she had touched Sara’s tail in the bath, it had also been delightfully bushy, and she couldn’t help but wonder what Latifa’s tail felt like.</p>

    <p><em>I want to touch the fluffy...</em></p>

    <p>Celia followed the movement of Latifa’s tail intently. Rio noticed her gaze.</p>

    <p>“Is something the matter, Professor?” he asked.</p>

    <p>“Huh...? Ah, umm...”</p>

    <p>Celia’s mind went blank for a moment, but she soon gathered her courage and gulped. “Can I fluff the tail too?”.</p>

    <p>Thus began Celia’s progression down the way of the fluff.</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>