<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: To the Capital, Galtuuk</h1>

      <p>The days went flying by after Rio and Miharu bought their formal outfits. They stayed busy with dance lessons for the banquet, taking Latifa and the spirit folk girls out to see the city, taking Miharu to meet with Liselotte and plan for the banquet...</p>

      <p>Finally, the banquet was only three days away.</p>

      <p>One afternoon, in front of the rock house, everyone was seeing off Rio and Miharu as they left to attend the banquet, with Aishia going with them as a guard.</p>

      <p>“We’ll be going now. Make sure to listen to what Celia and Sara say, okay?” Miharu said to Aki and Masato.</p>

      <p>“Yup. Take care, Miharu. And look for my brother as well,” Aki said.</p>

      <p>“No need to worry while we’re in this house. Say hi to Satsuki for us,” Masato added.</p>

      <p>“Please look after Aki and Masato while we’re gone. You be good too, Latifa.” Rio said to Celia, Sara, Orphia, and Alma, before addressing Latifa as well.</p>

      <p>“Yup, leave it to us!” The three spirit folk girls nodded firmly.</p>

      <p>“Got it, Onii-chan!” Latifa said, also nodding energetically.</p>

      <p>“Rio, you have to make sure you escort Miharu properly. With her personality, she’s bound to be nervous. Aishia, you look after Rio and Miharu for us,” Celia said.</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>“Leave it to me,” Rio and Aishia both replied together.</p>

      <p>Celia smiled softly as she gave her words of farewell. “See you later, then.”</p>

      <p>“Have a nice trip, Rio, Lady Aishia.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll be waiting, Onii-chan, Aishia!” Sara and Latifa followed her lead.</p>

      <p>“Shall we get going, then, Miharu?” Rio smiled at everyone in response and prompted Miharu, who was saying goodbye to Aki and Masato a short distance away, to leave. Miharu wrapped up her conversation and approached Rio.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Haruto,” Miharu said with a bow.</p>

      <p>“Sure.” Rio nodded coolly. “Let’s go.”</p>

      <p>Aishia kicked off the ground and rose into the air first. Her movements were smooth and elegant.</p>

      <p><em>Uh... I was going to ask Aishia to carry Miharu...</em></p>

      <p>She was so confident in her actions, it sometimes — no, it <em>often </em>left Rio at a loss.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm, then, will you carry me, Haruto?” Miharu asked Rio. Calling Aishia back now to ask her to do the transporting would be rude to Miharu.</p>

      <p>“...Okay. Then, excuse me.” If Miharu herself didn’t mind, then Rio didn’t have a reason to refuse her. Their recent dance lessons had given them more opportunities to stick closely to each other, but while their dances weren’t awkward, this was a different situation entirely. With resolve, Rio approached Miharu with discomfort in every step.</p>

      <p>“Uh...” When Rio picked Miharu up in a princess carry, Miharu stiffened her body slightly. For the record, Miharu herself was still nervous every time she had to stick closely to Rio during their dance lessons, but recently, she had been trying to close the distance between them herself.</p>

      <p><em>Seems like Miharu has been aggressively trying to get closer to Rio lately...</em> Having known her since before they came to Strahl, Sara, Orphia, and Alma had noticed that fact and exchanged casual looks with each other.</p>

      <p>Latifa must have had her own thoughts about it, as she stared at Miharu intently. “See you later then, Onii-chan! Miharu!” She hugged Rio from behind as he was carrying Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, we’ll be back soon,” Rio replied and chuckled with a smile.</p>

      <p>“We’ll be going now, Latifa,” Miharu said. After a while, once Latifa stepped back from Rio, he gently floated up into the air with his wind spirit arts.</p>

      <p>“If it’s possible, we’ll try to take Satsuki outside of the castle. Either way, we should be back in a week’s time!”</p>

      <p>Rio departed with those words, finally heading to the banquet as Celia and the others watched on.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Several hours later, in Amande...</p>

      <p>While the venue of the banquet was at the royal castle in Galtuuk, the capital of Galarc, it had been decided that they would head there by Liselotte’s personal enchanted ship. The plan was to depart from Amande tomorrow and arrive at the capital in the afternoon, which would be two days before the banquet.</p>

      <p>The fact Miharu was a friend of the heroes from another world was shared among the mansion’s attendants, and Miharu’s hair was currently her natural color. This was done because it would have been cumbersome to explain why her hair was a different color to Satsuki at the castle. Liselotte was aware of the existence of artifacts that could alter hair color, but Rio offered to lend several of the hair color altering artifacts, and came to an agreement that its existence wouldn’t be revealed to a third party.</p>

      <p>After arriving in Amande, Aishia changed into her spirit form while Rio and Miharu headed straight for Liselotte’s estate together.</p>

      <p>“Welcome, Sir Haruto.”</p>

      <p>When they arrived at the mansion gates, the gatekeeper greeted them respectfully. He was already able to recognize him by sight.</p>

      <p>“Good day. I should have an appointment; could you take care of the procedures needed?” Rio said, but before he could explain his business, another soldier went running towards the mansion.</p>

      <p>“We have heard already. I shall lead you there, so please follow me.” Thus, Rio and Miharu were led inside the estate grounds. There they were met by the attendant, Cosette, by the mansion door.</p>

      <p>“Sir Haruto, Lady Miharu — welcome.” Cosette held the skirt of her uniform in both hands and curtseyed elegantly.</p>

      <p>“Nice to see you, Cosette,” Rio replied with a bow. He had met Cosette numerous times already, so he was already familiar with her. Miharu followed Rio’s greeting and bowed too.</p>

      <p>“Please, come this way.” Cosette immediately started walking, inviting Rio and Miharu inside. Rio and Miharu followed her lead. Cosette’s way of walking was truly elegant and beautiful.</p>

      <p><em>What a beautiful person.</em> Feeling the allure of a mature woman, Miharu was overwhelmed by Cosette’s appearance and the way she carried herself.</p>

      <p>“By the way, if you don’t mind, may I ask you something out of curiosity? It would intrude on your private affairs, so you don’t have to answer me if you don’t feel inclined to do so,” Cosette said with reservation as they walked.</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind. What is it?” Rio asked readily. Discussing private matters in business was complicated, but in forming harmonious relationships, it could very well have a positive outcome.</p>

      <p>He had met with Cosette many times already, so it wasn’t unnatural for her to ask more personal questions to a degree. However, Cosette’s question far surpassed Rio’s expectations, taking him by surprise. That being said, the relationship between Rio and Miharu hadn’t been explained in detail to anyone but Liselotte, so their situation was one that was very easily misunderstood. It was understandable for Cosette to be curious.</p>

      <p>“Are the two of you romantically involved?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? No, umm...” Miharu replied innocently, turning bright red.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha. We’re not,” Rio denied with a strained smile.</p>

      <p>“R-Right...” Miharu had on a slightly conflicted expression, but she nodded along with Rio.</p>

      <p>“Why, is that so? I couldn’t help but wonder at all the beautiful women gathered around Sir Haruto, what with Lady Cecilia and Lady Aishia.” Cosette burned Miharu’s reaction into her mind as she spoke with an elegant smile.</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, I do not have such a relationship with anyone.” Rio shook his head, a strained smile still on his face.</p>

      <p>Cosette covered her mouth with her hand in a show of refined surprise, choosing not to comment further on Rio’s romantic relationships. “Oh my, that is most unexpected... Oh, do pardon me. This isn’t something for me to pry too deeply into. We’ll be arriving at the guest room for the two of you soon, so please relax there. As you already know, my master is currently out of town, but she should be back by tomorrow morning.”</p>

      <p>Afterward, Rio and Miharu soon arrived at the room they were staying in, but that particular day, Rio and Miharu slept in completely different rooms.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Several hours later, in the break room of the mansion for the attendant girls who served Liselotte, Cosette was sitting on the sofa with her colleagues, Natalie and Chloe. She sighed.</p>

      <p>“I expected it to an extent, but Sir Haruto’s a more formidable opponent than I thought,” Cosette muttered listlessly as she sipped her tea.</p>

      <p>“...You still haven’t given up?” Natalie looked at Cosette in exasperation. Meanwhile, Chloe was looking at Cosette with great interest.</p>

      <p>“Of course. I can’t just sit by idly when there’s such a good man in front of me!” Cosette said enthusiastically. A handsome face, refined mannerisms that exuded elegance and high education, and strength that bordered on near-inhuman levels... Cosette had met many men through the Ricca Guild before, but none had been as fine as the boy named Haruto.</p>

      <p>“But he’s surrounded by so many beautiful people already, you know? Didn’t you reach the conclusion that he wouldn’t even blink at anyone unless they were as beautiful as Lady Liselotte or Aria?” While the other female attendants of the estate had some form of admiration towards the boy named Haruto, most of them had immediately given up on that fleeting admiration once they saw the extraordinary beauty of the likes of Aishia and Cecilia. While they still enjoyed feasting upon the sight of Haruto from up close, they no longer had any hopes beyond that.</p>

      <p>“I have good news regarding that. At present, I have confirmed that neither Lady Miharu, Aishia, nor Cecilia are in a romantic relationship with Sir Haruto.” Cosette giggled smugly.</p>

      <p><em>Well, I don’t think Lady Miharu feels the same way, though, </em>she thought to herself.</p>

      <p>“Did you ask them that directly? How bold...” Natalie looked at Cosette in half-exasperation, half-awe. Meanwhile, Chloe was silently but intently listening to her senior colleagues.</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s part of our job description to have a grasp of the guests we come in contact with.” Cosette brushed it aside under the just cause of their job duties, smiling pleasantly.</p>

      <p>Natalie glared at Cosette with narrowed eyes. “But Sir Haruto is a particularly special guest of Lady Liselotte. Make sure you don’t do anything to upset her, okay?”</p>

      <p>“Oh my, but it’s also our job to be close with the guests, right? There are some relationships that are made more harmonious with more personal questions, you know?” Cosette said, shrugging her shoulders as she took a sip of her tea.</p>

      <p>Liselotte’s attendants assisted her in both public and private matters, so they were given comprehensive privileges and dealt with the business matters of the Ricca Guild too. In order to achieve beneficial trade conditions, there was nothing better than forming close relationships with clients, so the attendants were asked to assertively pursue close relationships with the clients if given the chance.</p>

      <p>“In your case, the problem is that you often become too intimate, and only with the men...” Natalie muttered.</p>

      <p>“You’re always so serious. Don’t you know love burns brighter with obstacles in the way? This is why you’re doomed to be single forever.” Cosette sighed tiredly. At present, Cosette had a very high reputation among the men she was dealing business with, and had a track record of achieving very favorable conditions until now. There had even been heirs that had sent her marriage proposals.</p>

      <p>“M-My single status is irrelevant to this. You shouldn’t be one to talk; you’re so picky you can’t keep your relationships going for very long.” Natalie pouted her lips and refuted Cosette’s words.</p>

      <p>“Well, I won’t deny that. But I do draw a clear line so that my work isn’t impacted, so you can rest assured in that regard.” Cosette giggled mischievously.</p>

      <p>“...You’re actually serious about this, aren’t you? I never expected you’d be so enthusiastic about a younger man.” Natalie pressed her hand to her forehead and sighed heavily.</p>

      <p>“He’s younger, but it’s only by three or four years. There’s no age gap too wide for being seriously in love, and unlike those male nobles that only believe in dating younger women, this age gap is more realistic,” Cosette said.</p>

      <p>“I’m sure you know this already, but if you prioritize your personal feelings over the necessity of your duties and cause Lady Liselotte trouble, I’m going to report you to her directly,” Natalie said bluntly.</p>

      <p>“Of course. That’s why I told you from the start. He’s a more formidable opponent than I thought. First, you have to know the enemy. Then, if the chances are low, you gradually work your way up. ...Or rather, he isn’t the kind of person you can hit on lightly, so you should be careful too.” Cosette nodded with a serious expression, then jested with the latter half of her words. Her words were directed at Natalie, but her gaze flickered over at Chloe too.</p>

      <p>“W-Why are you assuming I’d hit on him?” Natalie asked in a high-pitched voice.</p>

      <p>“Oh, was I wrong? When Sir Haruto took out that minotaur in a single blow, I saw that you had hearts in your eyes, too.”</p>

      <p>“I did not!”</p>

      <p>“Really? I was going to give you pointers for winning Sir Haruto over as your close friend, but if you insist otherwise, I guess I won’t,” Cosette said, casually playing the fool.</p>

      <p>“That’s fine,” Natalie replied.</p>

      <p>“Umm, I want to hear it! Haruto... What kind of person is Sir Haruto?” Chloe had been listening silently until now, when she raised her hand and expressed her thoughts.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, oh my — it seems like Chloe is honest, unlike Natalie.” Cosette smiled cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“Ah, no, it’s not that I’m aiming for him or anything, it’s just... I did something rude to Sir Haruto in the past, so I want to apologize to him for that!” Chloe explained in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“Come to think of it, you were already familiar with him to begin with,” Cosette said, accepting Chloe’s explanation at face value.</p>

      <p>“But it didn’t seem like he was bothered by anything in particular, did it?” Natalie asked, digging deeper for Chloe’s intent to confirm the truth.</p>

      <p>“That may be true, but I just can’t accept it myself. He even saved my mother and little sister when Amande was being attacked by monsters...” Chloe hung her head in regret.</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s the job of a senior to hear out the woes of their junior workers. For Chloe’s sake, I’ll tell you what I have of his profile,” Cosette said.</p>

      <p>“I guess we have no choice.” Natalie’s lips loosened into a smile as she sighed in exasperation.</p>

      <p>“From what I can see, Sir Haruto is a friendly and easygoing person, but he won’t start the conversation himself. He’s sensitive about his distance to others, and has quite a wide sense of personal space. The way he’s used to women isn’t because he’s a womanizer, but he’s not completely immune to them either. It’s not like he’s without secrets, but I believe he has a very sincere personality. His defenses are probably very high, but he treats the people he’s close to very well. If you can put yourself in a position closer than friends but not quite lovers, you should be able act persistently without being treated harshly in return,” Cosette explained easily, mostly towards Chloe.</p>

      <p>“I see you’ve done another detailed psychoanalysis. For a man, no less.” Natalie couldn’t help but smile bitterly.</p>

      <p>“Thanks, I’ll take that as a compliment,” Cosette said with a grin. “By the way, this is my warning insofar as winning him over: because of our positions, even if we become close to Sir Haruto, pursuing him with persistence would be a bad idea. We have to slowly and steadily make contact with him every chance we get, leaving an impression on him of ourselves — to a degree that isn’t rude. If you don’t have much romantic experience, you shouldn’t be aggressive with the way you show your affections. Only make contact with the mindset of waiting for the right chance. That way, luck may fall in our favor someday. See? Isn’t he formidable?” she said smoothly once again, giving a small wink.</p>

      <p>“I-I had no intention of winning him over though...” Chloe averted her eyes from Cosette without thinking.</p>

      <p>“Really? Well, if you wanted to take aim for him seriously, I’m here to talk about it. You too, Natalie,” Cosette said, smiling pleasantly.</p>

      <p>“I’ll pass.” Natalie paid her no mind and shrugged.</p>

      <p>“Is that true, I wonder? They say that love is blind, after all. Maybe you’re just not aware of it yet. Your emotions could just explode all at once one day, so be careful.” Cosette met Natalie’s eyes and signaled a look towards Chloe.</p>

      <p>“...I guess.” Natalie saw through Cosette’s intentions and sighed with a tired nod. Chloe was still a newcomer that hadn’t been working for that long. She was denying it herself, but there was a fair chance her feelings towards Haruto could develop into romantic ones. As Chloe’s seniors, they had to warn her of such things.</p>

      <p><em>Geez, she looks like she’s talking about herself when she’s actually thinking of Chloe,</em> Natalie thought. Despite looking like she didn’t care about things outside of business matters, the fact that Cosette actually paid attention to the fine details like that made her difficult to hate.</p>

      <p>“And so, I’ll be pursuing that lucky chance with everything I’ve got, so make sure to inform me whenever Sir Haruto visits.”</p>

      <p>...Nevermind. She was probably only thinking of herself after all; that part of her was detestable. Natalie breathed a small sigh.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>The weather was pleasant the next day. After Liselotte returned to the estate that morning, she, along with Rio and Miharu, boarded the enchanted ship heading for Galtuuk and departed at noon.</p>

      <p>The capital of Galtuuk was to the northeast of Amande, but the enchanted ship Liselotte personally owned made steady progress through the blue skies instead of the blue seas. They were expected to arrive at the capital by early afternoon.</p>

      <p>Enchanted ships were sailing vessels made of wood with an iron plate joined to the hull and wings on both sides for altitude adjustment during flight. These ships were ancient magic artifacts made in the days of the Divine War, but due to their mass production during the war, there were comparatively greater numbers of them compared to other ancient artifacts. Despite that, each ship still cost a tremendous amount of money — enough that a noble daughter who wasn’t even a lord shouldn’t have been able to afford a personal one — so most common folk had never even set foot on one. Of course, this was Miharu and Rio’s first time experiencing such a thing, too.</p>

      <p>Once the enchanted ship had departed from Amande and stabilized in flight, Liselotte invited Rio and Miharu to a guest room inside the ship to have a discussion. She had been out of town until that morning and had been on a tight schedule to depart immediately afterward, yet she showed no sign of fatigue at all.</p>

      <p>“How are you enjoying the journey via enchanted ship so far?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“The ship’s interior is quite comfortable and pleasant,” Rio said cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“I agree. It barely shakes at all, I’m shocked,” Miharu replied honestly.</p>

      <p>“I’m glad to hear that. I’ll make sure to set aside some free time later, so please enjoy the view from the deck too. For now, I was hoping you’d join me for a chat,” Liselotte said with a gentle smile.</p>

      <p>“Yes, gladly!” Miharu nodded happily.</p>

      <p>“Then first, let’s go over the plans for the two days before the banquet starts. We’ll arrive in the capital today, with plenty of time before the sun sets. I’ll send an invitation, so please stay at the lodgings in my family home tonight. The plan is to visit the castle tomorrow morning, so if we’re lucky, you’ll be able to see Lady Satsuki the day before the banquet begins.” At present, Satsuki was refusing all outside audiences until the banquet began. Thus, they weren’t sure whether they would actually be able to meet her unless they went to the castle, but with Miharu being her friend, the chances were high. Liselotte was banking on that.</p>

      <p>“Wonderful. Also, I don’t know if this is enough to show my gratitude, but I borrowed the kitchen in your estate to make some cakes from my world. Please have some. Although, you may have had similar sweets in this world, and I don’t know if it’ll suit your preferences...” Miharu trailed off, presenting a large basket. She placed it on the table in front of the sofa she was seated on.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, thank you very much. I often make snacks for the development of Ricca Guild products, but I have no eye for sweet things. Do you mind if I try some right away?” Liselotte said happily. If it was a cake she didn’t recognize, she was happy to pay for the recipe; even if she knew the recipe of the cake, the taste could vary differently depending on how it was made.</p>

      <p>“Of course not — please go ahead. They’re being cooled with a magic artifact, but the sooner they’re eaten the better,” Miharu said with a nod, having brought it out for that purpose.</p>

      <p>“Then, let us eat them before they get warm. Aria, please prepare a knife and plates,” Liselotte ordered eagerly.</p>

      <p>“Understood.” Aria nodded respectfully and made her way to the cutlery cupboard in the room. In no time at all, enough plates for everyone were lined on the table.</p>

      <p>“I’ll open it now, then.” Miharu opened the basket so that Liselotte and Aria could see. As soon as she did, a white wave of cold air came flowing out of the basket. It was the effect of the artifact.</p>

      <p>The inside of the basket had been divided into four sections, each with their own entire cake placed inside. They were small in size but large in quantity, making it a difficult amount to eat for just them.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, there’s so many! They all look delicious. Oh, how wonderful. To think I’d be able to eat so many cakes...” Apple pie, mille crepe, no-bake cheesecake, Mont Blanc. Liselotte’s eyes sparkled, her joyous words coming from the bottom of her heart. One look at her expression made it clear that she was being sincere.</p>

      <p>Aria also seemed to have an interest in the sweets, as she looked at the cakes with deep interest.</p>

      <p>“There’s a lot, so please have some too, Aria. If there’s any left over after that, please share them with the other attendants too,” Miharu said, making Aria’s brows twitch in response.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for your kindness. No doubt this is more than the three of us can handle. Aria, you can go get a plate for yourself,” Liselotte said, giving special permission for her attendant to eat some too.</p>

      <p>“...It’s an honor. Then, I shall prepare more tea as well.” Aria gave a faint smile and immediately began to prepare the tea and a plate.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to divide the cakes, then. Lady Liselotte, which one would you like to try first? I’m sure you... might need an explanation, so just let me know,” Miharu said, glancing over at Aria who was preparing tea at the kitchenette in the room.</p>

      <p>Liselotte had shared the fact she had memories of her past life with Rio and Miharu the first time they visited her mansion together. That was why, normally, there would be no need to explain the cakes to her in this situation, but it was unclear whether Aria knew of Liselotte’s secret or not. Miharu was being considerate of that.</p>

      <p>“You can relax. After the first day I met Miharu, I explained my secret to Aria alone,” Liselotte revealed.</p>

      <p>“R-Really?” Miharu tilted her head, her eyes wide.</p>

      <p>“Yes. It would save me from a lot of explaining, seeing as I would be meeting with you many times in the future. Aria is generally always by my side, as she’s my most trusted confidant.”</p>

      <p>“But... I’m sorry. Because of me...”</p>

      <p>“No, now that so many people have been summoned from Earth, it’s more than likely that others will discover the secret of the Ricca Guild, just like you have. That may cause others to attempt to contact me directly. It was the perfect chance to reveal it to her,” Liselotte said, shaking her head with a bit of a bitter smile.</p>

      <p><em>Well, I still haven’t told father and mother yet...</em></p>

      <p>A somewhat guilty look appeared on her face. Her parents would normally be the first people she’d reveal the truth to, but that was precisely why it made the decision so difficult for her.</p>

      <p>“At any rate, other people aside, there’s no particular need to be considerate when you’re around Aria, so please speak freely. Several of the cakes here have also been developed as Ricca Guild products with Earth vocabulary as names already. Apple pie, mille crepe, Mont Blanc, and... Is this no-bake cheesecake?” Liselotte smiled brightly.</p>

      <p>“...Yes! Which would you like to try first?” Miharu replied in a bright voice, before picking up the knife on the table. She seemed to sense something from the faint changes in Liselotte’s expressions.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. Then, let’s try the apple pie first,” Liselotte said cheerily, pointing at the treat.</p>

      <p>“Okay.” Miharu went ahead and began to cut the apple pie cake. She placed some on Liselotte’s plate and handed it to her, before asking Rio what cake he wanted to eat. She set it down for him, then finally served herself.</p>

      <p>Liselotte used a knife and fork to divide the cake she was served into a bite-sized piece, then brought it to her mouth.</p>

      <p>“Mm! Delicious! Is Miharu perhaps a genius at baking cakes?!” Liselotte’s expression brightened. The pie crust on the surface was crispy, like a cookie, yet the inside was moist. The crust matched the sweet flavor of the apple exquisitely, creating a perfect harmony inside her mouth as she chewed.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>