<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 7: Banquet, Turmoil of Day 2</h1>

      <p>Later, on the first floor of the social hall adjacent to the Galarc royal castle, the second night of the banquet was set to begin. Many guests from other kingdoms had been invited by Galarc to attend the second night onwards and were currently entering the venue one after another. The smaller kingdoms present had a favorable relationship with Galarc, in contrast to the large kingdoms, which were in precarious relationships with the host kingdom. The Galarc Kingdom didn’t have alliances with any large kingdoms east of the center of the Strahl region — at most, they had a cordial relationship with the Restoration, Beltrum Kingdom’s special administration to the west of Galarc. Beltrum’s main government had been distancing themselves for a while now, and the Centostella Kingdom to the south refused all diplomatic relations.</p>

      <p>However, both the near-estranged Beltrum government and Centostella were attending tonight. The air around the banquet felt exceptional, their presence creating a strange mood among the invited guests, gathering the attention of several small kingdoms. On top of that, it was the first time the disaffected Huguenot faction would come face to face with the main Beltrum government in public, which would have inevitable repercussions, too.</p>

      <p>And so, the nobles already in the hall were all impatiently waiting for the official guests from Strahl’s large kingdoms to arrive.</p>

      <p>Normally, when a banquet was held in the name of the king of a large kingdom, it was custom for the attending kingdoms to send their own royalty as a representative, but the order of introduction was one-sidedly decided by the host kingdom based on national power and diplomatic relations. Thus, the attendees all looked forward to seeing what order the outside kingdoms would be introduced.</p>

      <p>Presently, most of the officials from the small kingdoms had entered already, leaving only the more powerful small kingdoms to go.</p>

      <p>“Rubia Kingdom’s First Princess, Princess Sylvie, has arrived!” The announcer’s voice echoed through the hall. The door on the upper floor of the hall opened, revealing Sylvie herself.</p>

      <p>Sylvie wasn’t attending with a partner, and instead had five servants accompanying her.</p>

      <p>“Ooh, if it isn’t the Princess Knight, Sylvie.”</p>

      <p>“What a dignified woman, as always.”</p>

      <p>“She normally attends events with her sister instead of a male partner, but I don’t see her little sister this time. It’s rare to catch her alone.”</p>

      <p>The eyes of the male nobles were more passionate than for any of the other small kingdom royalty introduced until now. A few female nobles were also watching Sylvie with heated gazes.</p>

      <p>Sylvie Rubia — the First Princess of the Rubia Kingdom who had been in a private talk with Reiss and Charles moments ago. She was in her late teens.</p>

      <p>She was tall and slender for a woman, her alluring appearance highlighted by her dignified facial structure and beautiful blonde hair that reached down her back. Her most notable feature was the pure white dress she wore. It didn’t have a cute design like those of the other female nobles — its peculiar style nearly resembling ritualistic battlewear; it seemed to only be missing a sword around her waist. As a young lady, her body had a softness relative to her age, but the way she held herself was like that of a warrior.</p>

      <p>In reality, her nickname of “Princess Knight” wasn’t for nothing, as Sylvie acted as a knight despite being royalty. Because of that oddity, Sylvie’s name was widespread, despite being a small kingdom’s princess.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, as the nobles in the hall focused their attention on Sylvie, Hiroaki was getting excited as he stood outside the door on the upper floor of the hall.</p>

      <p>“Wow, a Princess Knight! In the flesh! Seeing a Princess Knight was a bucket list must for coming to a fantasy world. I’ve been waiting for this moment! If it’s possible, I’d like to hear her say the words ‘j-just kill me!’ too... Whew!” Hiroaki had been completely obsessed with other world fantasies while he was on Earth, so seeing a princess knight was like a dream come true for him. His inner fanboy shone through when he found out that Sylvie was also known as the Princess Knight, leaving him cheering excitedly even after she had entered the hall.</p>

      <p>Most of the small kingdoms that were invited had already entered, leaving only the most influential of the small kingdoms and the large kingdoms left. Incidentally, Duke Huguenot and Charles were among those remaining, but while the fated rivals were within each other’s view, they both chose to ignore the other and stand in the corners of the corridor in silence.</p>

      <p>Roanna was right beside Hiroaki, watching his excitement with a somewhat strained smile. Just then, a boy approached Hiroaki. He looked to be in his mid to late teens, his silky golden hair falling across his handsome face.</p>

      <p>“...May I ask, out of curiosity, what did you mean by ‘just kill me’?” the golden-haired boy asked Hiroaki.</p>

      <p>“...Ah? Mind your own business.” Hiroaki’s mood was immediately soured as he glared at the boy.</p>

      <p>“How harsh. We may be affiliated with different powers — I was hoping we could get along for at least tonight, as a fellow Japanese person.” The blond haired boy shrugged with a faint smile.</p>

      <p>“The halfie with the natural airhead face can shut up. I have nothing to say to you.” Hiroaki had apparently decided to despise the blond boy.</p>

      <p>The blond boy showed no discouragement as he immediately went on to address Roanna, who was beside Hiroaki. “In that case, may I ask you the same question instead?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, umm. No, I don’t know either...” Roanna was having a hard time answering, which was understandable. The boy standing before Roanna was someone she couldn’t interact with freely, even as the daughter of a duke.</p>

      <p>“Hey, you bastard. Don’t go chatting up my Roanna right in front of me. Seriously — playboys need to stay in their own lane. Normies like you who try to play innocent disgust me the most.” Hiroaki made his irritation clear as he flared up at the blond boy.</p>

      <p>“I wasn’t going to make a move on her...”</p>

      <p>“So shameless... Guys like you end up ruining your own friendships all the time. You say you won’t make a move, but then the woman your friend likes falls for you,” Hiroaki said with an annoyed frown.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, you say that like you’ve experienced it yourself,” the blond-haired boy said in return.</p>

      <p>“Tch. Bastard can’t get the hint... Go back to your partner already.”</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, she’s still getting ready. Though she should be here soon.”</p>

      <p>“Ah? Well, if it’s a hero you want to talk to, there’s another one besides me. Look, go talk to that woman there,” Hiroaki said, gaze turning towards Satsuki, who was walking over with Rio and Charlotte’s group.</p>

      <p>“Oh, so she is the one from the Sumeragi Group...” the blond boy narrowed his eyes at Satsuki’s face and muttered.</p>

      <p>“...Long time no see, Shigekura Rui. I wondered if it was you when I heard the name of the hero summoned in Beltrum. What an odd twist of fate,” Satsuki said to the blond boy. His name was Shigekura Rui, the hero summoned to the main Beltrum government.</p>

      <p>“How odd indeed. I never imagined that another acquaintance of mine would end up in the same world,” Rui agreed with a strained smile.</p>

      <p>“Ah? You guys know each other?” Hiroaki furrowed his brows in doubt.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, through our parents’ connections. We’ve exchanged a few words in the past, enough to know each other’s name and face,” said Rui.</p>

      <p>“Ah, so you’re rich kids, then. So people living the high life exist in Japan too, huh? No wonder you can’t get the hint.” Hiroaki looked at the two of them as though he was seeing something odd.</p>

      <p>“E-Excuse me?” Satsuki’s brows twitched together, her face stiffening. Just then, Flora came up to Hiroaki.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry for the delay, great hero. Changing took longer than expected.”</p>

      <p>“You’re here, Flora. No, it’s alright. If you got here any earlier you would’ve just been bothered by a creep,” Hiroaki replied with a smirk. Out of regard for Flora, Satsuki pouted her lips and sighed silently, swallowing her indignation.</p>

      <p>“Might you be Princess Christina’s little sister?” Rui asked Flora, his eyes widening.</p>

      <p>“...Yes.” Flora nodded fearfully.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, speaking of which, Princess Christina has just arrived.” Charlotte, who had been talking to Rio a short distance away, looked towards the end of the corridor. There, wearing the same lavender dress as Flora, was Christina. She was making her way towards Rui.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry for the wait, great hero,” Christina said to Rui first. Flora was in her field of vision, but she acted as though she hadn’t noticed her at all.</p>

      <p>“Not at all. There’s still time until we enter the hall, and I just arrived earlier myself.” In reality, Rui had been waiting for quite some time now, but he didn’t breathe a word of that.</p>

      <p>“Long time no see, Princess Christina.” Charlotte sprang forward lightly and addressed Christina with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Yes, it’s been a while, Princess Charlotte. Thank you for your invitation to this honorable banquet,” Christina with a friendly and elegant smile.</p>

      <p>“No, no, we’ve been establishing a secret relationship with the Restoration recently, but we also became more estranged with the main Beltrum government, which I found very sad. I didn’t have high hopes, so I’m so happy to see you accepted our invitation,” Charlotte said with an honest smile.</p>

      <p>“The fact that the Galarc Kingdom backed a side in our kingdom’s internal affairs is, at the very least, seen as a problem. However... I attended today in hopes that it could assist in repairing the gap between our kingdoms,” Christina replied flawlessly.</p>

      <p>“Why, that would be splendid. Don’t you agree, Princess Flora? You haven’t seen your sister in a while, no? How about taking this opportunity to exchange some words?” Charlotte looked at Flora and heavily touched upon the delicate topic.</p>

      <p>Flora gazed at Christina and gulped before opening her mouth. “Umm, Sister...”</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, I did not come all the way here to exchange words with those who have deserted our kingdom,” Christina said, curtly refusing the interaction with Flora. Charles and the other nobles of the Beltrum government observed the scene from a distance.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>