<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“N-No way, you don’t look it at all! There’s just no way! I honestly thought you were somewhere between Aki and Miharu in age! Ah, s-sorry, I didn’t mean to yell so loudly!” Satsuki explained her surprise and apologized to Aki and Sara.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, thank you. Being told that by the hero gives me confidence.” Celia laughed in amusement.</p>

      <p>“I’m the one losing confidence here. Cecilia’s so beautiful and young.” Satsuki exhaled, looking over Celia’s body.</p>

      <p>“I have the body of a child, so it’s embarrassing when people stare...” Celia paused in washing Latifa’s hair and shyly hid her body with her hands.</p>

      <p>“Don’t say that. Let me see your hands...” Satsuki grasped Celia’s hands and inspected them up close. “See, your skin is so clear and white like snow, it makes me envious as another woman! I wish I were like that!”</p>

      <p>“That’s thanks to the soap in this house, I think? Miharu and Latifa look the same, and I’m not as pretty as the other people in this house,” Celia said, placing emphasis on the effect of the various soaps Rio made.</p>

      <p>“No no, everyone in this house is unbelievably cute, but you’re also included in that count, you know?” Satsuki said to Celia in disbelief.</p>

      <p>“N-No way, I don’t think that’s true at all. If you want, you can check Miharu’s skin for yourself. Her skin’s super soft,” Celia said.</p>

      <p>“...Huh?” Miharu paused in washing Satsuki’s back, looking like a deer in headlights.</p>

      <p>“It’s time to check Miharu’s skin, then!” Satsuki whipped around and swiftly made her way behind Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re fast! Wait, what? S-Satsuki?! W-Where are you touching — kyah?!” Miharu flinched out of her skin.</p>

      <p>“Wow, this certainly is something...” Satsuki excitedly moved both her hands, groping Miharu’s body with a gentle touch.</p>

      <p>“T-That tickles. Please don’t s-squeeze either!” Miharu squirmed, cheeks turning bright red.</p>

      <p>“Now now, the bubbles make everything more slippery, so don’t thrash around and just show me. You’ve grown so much in the time we’ve been apart.” A flame had been lit in Satsuki’s mischievous heart, spurring on her teasing. It seemed to help release the stress she had suppressed since coming to this world, as her smile was truly vibrant.</p>

      <p>After that, though it was only for ten seconds or so, their squabble continued until Satsuki was satisfied for the time being and went about washing Miharu’s back. “Ah, that was fun. Thanks, Miharu.”</p>

      <p>“Geez. You can be so mean sometimes, Satsuki.” Miharu stopped resisting and turned in her seat to look up at Satsuki with a rare pout.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, I’m sorry. It’s been so long since the last time I saw you... I just had to have some skin-to-skin contact with you. Which means it’s Aki’s turn next, yes?” Satsuki said, turning to look at Aki, who had been watching their exchange.</p>

      <p>“I-I’m fine as is!” Aki covered her body with both hands, shaking her head in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, I see. That’s too bad,” Satsuki giggled.</p>

      <p>“You’re exactly the person that Miharu and the others described to us, Satsuki.” Celia smiled with a giggle.</p>

      <p>“Really? Hmm, I wonder what kind of things they said.” Satsuki grinned, whispering into Miharu’s ear.</p>

      <p>“I-I didn’t say anything weird!” Miharu clarified in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay, I know. Anyway, Haruto and Masato must be two happy people. Being able to live here surrounded by so many cute girls,” Satsuki said, turning around to look around at all the girls in the bathroom.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, it’s a house full of women, so we might actually be causing them more mental exhaustion than anything,” Celia said with a faint smile.</p>

      <p>“Maybe for Haruto, but you don’t need to say anything nice about Masato. He’s weak to older, beautiful women,” Aki said with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“That’s boys for you. It can’t be helped. And aren’t women weak to handsome men too? Men like Haruto.” Satsuki giggled as she brought up Rio as an example, making some of the girls flinch. A fair number of them did, actually.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm. Haruto said there was nothing romantic going on at all in this house, but could he be... No, he’s very clearly thickheaded, isn’t he?</em> Satsuki thought to herself.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>After their bath, Satsuki and the others continued their conversations until it was finally time for Satsuki to return to her room at the castle. All of the occupants of the house gathered out front to send Rio, Miharu, Satsuki, and Aishia off.</p>

      <p>“I’m so sorry for intruding and making such a fuss in the middle of the night. But I’m honestly so glad to have met everyone. Thank you very much,” Satsuki said in parting, facing the residents of the stone house and bowing her head deeply.</p>

      <p>“Come again anytime, Satsuki!” Latifa called out. She had grown a lot closer to Satsuki in the short time they had spent together.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Let’s all take a bath together again,” Celia said cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“Hopefully we’ll have more time to talk next time,” Sara added.</p>

      <p>“Next time, we’ll have a meal prepared!”</p>

      <p>“It’ll probably require sneaking out at night like today, so that would be bad for the figure... Well, maybe something light would be fine,” Orphia and Alma added.</p>

      <p>“Please do! If there’s another chance, I’d love to visit again! I’ll be relying on you two to make it happen again, Haruto and Aishia,” Satsuki replied happily, then shot a teasing wink at Rio and the others.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Afterward, Rio and Aishia returned Miharu and Satsuki to the tower of the castle, entering Satsuki’s chambers through the balcony. Incidentally, Aishia made as though she was returning to the stone house when she returned to Rio in her spirit form.</p>

      <p>However, dawn was already upon them, and sleeping right now would make it quite difficult to get up when it was time to be woken up, so Satsuki used her quick wit. There were guards in the passage outside her quarters, so she informed them that she’d stayed up too late that night, and that she wanted to sleep until midday in preparation for the banquet. Having secured enough time to sleep, Satsuki, Miharu, and Rio retreated to their rooms.</p>

      <p>“Good night then, Haruto.”</p>

      <p>“Good night, Haruto.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki and Miharu headed for the same bedroom.</p>

      <p>“Yes, good night.” Rio headed for another bedroom alone and sat down on the bed. He proceeded to take off his shoes and flop backwards.</p>

      <p><em>Today was a little tiring... though that’s to be expected,</em> Rio thought vaguely.</p>

      <p>“Haruto.” Aishia suddenly appeared in her material form before Rio.</p>

      <p>“Thanks for today, Aishia. You must be tired too — you should get some rest.” Rio wasn’t particularly surprised, replying as though he expected Aishia to be there.</p>

      <p>“I have something to say,” Aishia said, revealing the reason for her sudden materialization.</p>

      <p>“What is it?” Rio cocked his head and asked, as though he expected something when she had gone out of her way to appear.</p>

      <p>“It’s about Miharu.”</p>

      <p>“...Go on,” Rio said slowly.</p>

      <p>“Will you tell her? About being Haruto,” Aishia asked bluntly.</p>

      <p>“I guess you saw through me after all, huh? That’s right — she’s met up with Satsuki again, so I think it’s about time to do it. I’ll tell them about how, at worst, they might not be able to return to Earth, and everything about me. I can’t stay silent about it forever,” Rio said, looking gloomy in self-depreciation.</p>

      <p>“Miharu wants to be with you, Haruto.”</p>

      <p>“Miharu wants to stay with everyone, not me.”</p>

      <p>“But you’re definitely included in that,” Aishia said smoothly.</p>

      <p>“If so... I’d be happy... But...” Rio said sadly, a conflicted expression on his face.</p>

      <p>“Do you think you’re not allowed to be with Miharu?” Aishia read what Rio was about to say and said it first.</p>

      <p>“...I’m trying to enact revenge. Anyone too close to me may get dragged into it. It’d be best to have her live somewhere safe, no?” Rio said guiltily, as though he was giving an excuse.</p>

      <p>“Don’t you want to keep Miharu with you as well? Don’t you want her by your side?”</p>

      <p>“I can’t turn back anymore. That’s why I can’t get too deeply involved with Miharu,” Rio replied, neither confirming nor denying her statements.</p>

      <p>“Miharu said she wanted to stay with you, Haruto.”</p>

      <p>“That’s because Miharu doesn’t know my true self yet. I’m not the Amakawa Haruto Miharu knows right now.”</p>

      <p>“Haruto is Haruto. Even with your previous life as Haruto mixed into your current personality, you’ve inherited the essence of that Haruto,” Aishia said encouragingly.</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Aishia,” he said with relief in his expression.</p>

      <p>Aishia walked up to Rio and gently placed her hand against his cheek. “When you tell Miharu the truth, make sure you listen to her words properly. The same for everyone else. Even if you’re scared, you can’t run. Listen to what they say to you carefully.”</p>

      <p>“...All right.” Rio gave an anxious smile and nodded his head slowly.</p>

      <p>“Then all that’s left is for you to tell Miharu and everyone else the truth,” said Aishia.</p>

      <p>“...Either during the banquet, or afterward. If there’s a chance, I intend on telling her. There’s a lot of things I need to do, but once everything’s settled, I’m going to start searching for that man seriously,” Rio said a little hesitantly, before taking a deep breath, as if in resolve.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>