<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue: The Wandering Knight</h1>

      <p>The next morning, Rio was summoned to the audience room for a formal audience with King Francois. He had been called to formally receive a reward for his efforts in the banquet last night.</p>

      <p>Presently, the audience room was packed with royalty and nobility. Among them were Miharu, Satsuki, and Liselotte, as well as the heroes and high ranking officials invited from other kingdoms.</p>

      <p>Rui’s reward had been discussed and decided upon before Rio’s, so this audience was for Rio’s sake alone.</p>

      <p>“Now, Haruto. You did us a tremendous deed last night. Unfortunately we do not have much time, so I shall get straight to business. This is about your reward.” Francois began, getting straight to the point.</p>

      <p>“It is my greatest honor to receive your praise. However, as I acted to protect myself, I do not require any particular reward,” Rio declined with humility. He didn’t have anything he desired in particular, and, more importantly, feared he would be bestowed with a title that came with collateral duties. But as Rio refused the reward so readily, the audience hall stirred with noise.</p>

      <p>“Now, do not trouble me so. It has been custom since ancient times to reward great deeds accordingly. Not doing so would affect not only my honor as king, but the honor of the entire kingdom. Especially for someone who has achieved as many meritorious deeds as you,” Francois said with an uneven smile.</p>

      <p>“But, Your Majesty...” Rio lowered his head, expressing his disagreement with reserve.</p>

      <p>“How about it, Haruto? Would you reconsider your previous decision and serve this kingdom? We are prepared to treat you appropriately and promote you to a high-ranking knight.” As Rio expected, Francois offered a social position as a reward.</p>

      <p>“...I am extremely delighted at the honor of receiving your favor. However, as I have informed Your Majesty already, I cannot remain fixed to one location. More than anything, a novice like me will only be inadequate in this great role. That is why, with all due respect...” Rio chose his words of refusal carefully, so as not to burn any bridges.</p>

      <p>“Then, if I may ask, is there anything that you desire?”</p>

      <p>“...Nothing in particular.”</p>

      <p>“Hmph. At this point, I must say I respect your level of indifference. One would normally express some form of desire here. How difficult it is to reward a man with no desire for status or wealth.” Francois chuckled with stifled laughter. “However, this is precisely why I hold interest in you as a person. For you to have no desire for status — does this mean you are burdened by other bonds or responsibility? Let us hear your answer,” he said, staring at Rio.</p>

      <p>“...Yes, Your Majesty,” Rio nodded.</p>

      <p>“And may I ask for the reason why?” Francois questioned with interest.</p>

      <p>“...I am not a man with a large enough caliber to live while burdened with bonds and responsibilities. That is why,” Rio stated his feelings honestly.</p>

      <p>Francois hummed to himself and stared at Rio’s face for a moment. “I see... Then, I have decided. I shall grant you the title of an honorary knight.” The royalty and nobility in the audience room stirred noisily at his words.</p>

      <p>“Huh? But I...” Rio didn’t quite understand the meaning behind the title, objecting through his confusion. Based on the reactions of the hall, it didn’t seem like a normal position in the least, and the thought of having duties forced upon him was unbearable.</p>

      <p>“An honorary knight is a modern title presented to those who have contributed great military deeds to the kingdom, regardless of being a citizen. It is a title of a knight with no duties to the kingdom, as they are not one of my subjects to command. In other words, a knight with no master. However, you will be publicly treated as the same rank as other nobility. Is it not the perfect reward for you, who does not wish to be burdened with more bonds or responsibilities? If you disagree, we’ll have to return to the drawing board, and I’ll have to give you 10,000 pieces of my gold instead. Well, how about it?” Francois asked cheerfully.</p>

      <p>For the record, the royals and nobles in the room had stirred so noisily because of how special the title of an honorary knight was. First, one had to obtain the strong trust of the one who had appointive power — that is, the king or a high-ranked successor to the throne — which couldn’t be done lightly. Furthermore, Rio was yet to realize this, but an honorary knight was a modern title that had no duties to the kingdom, yet was on par with the status of a count. In an emergency, he could even command the kingdom’s knights at his own discretion.</p>

      <p>In other words, he was receiving power without duty. The exception among exceptions, even within nobility. That being said, those appointed with the title normally had some other position to the kingdom and fulfilled their duties there instead. However, in Rio’s case, he had no status other than that of the honorary knight, so he was truly able to receive nothing but the benefits.</p>

      <p>“...Yes, Your Majesty.” While Rio still didn’t have a complete grasp on the meaning of the title, he was spurred by the number of gold coins presented and the air in the room to nod.</p>

      <p>“Then, let’s finalize this before you change your mind. It is customary for an honorary knight to be presented with a nickname. Let’s see...” Francois hummed to himself and stared at Rio, before he immediately seemed to think of something and grinned. “All right. From now on, you may don the title of ‘The Black Knight.’ Black cannot be stained by any other color — it is most fitting for a person like you,” he said grandly. In reality, the nickname bestowed by the king was another reason why the honorary knight was envied.</p>

      <p><em>The Black... Knight?</em> Rio’s thoughts came to a screeching halt for several seconds. Then, once he regained his composure, he turned the name over in his head once more.</p>

      <p>The Black Knight...</p>

      <p>What even was that?</p>

      <p>It was an embarrassing and shameful title. There was no way he wanted to be called The Black Knight, nor did he want to introduce himself as so. However —</p>

      <p>“I humbly accept this appointment, Your Majesty.” Rio showed no sign of his thinking as he accepted the order with the utmost formality. He lowered his head and glanced around the room casually, making eye contact with Miharu and Satsuki in the corner of the room.</p>

      <p>“Hehe...” Satsuki was trying to stifle her giggles, her hand pressed against her mouth. Meanwhile, Miharu was simply staring at Rio. It was unclear what she was thinking of.</p>

      <p><em>Satsuki’s enjoying herself and laughing away. Miharu... I guess hearing the name doesn’t make it click, huh?</em> Rio guessed at what the two were thinking, a strained smile at his mouth.</p>

      <p>“Now, that aside, you will be permitted to name yourself with a family name from now on. You may choose one freely, but have it prepared by tonight if possible, so that it can be presented at the banquet. Although this is not a strict deadline...” Francois informed Rio.</p>

      <p>“A family name...?” Rio thought for several seconds, before his brow twitched. There was one family name that immediately came to mind from his current name as Haruto.</p>

      <p>“Based on that look on your face, you already have a candidate?” Francois sensed the change in Rio’s expression.</p>

      <p>“No, well...” Rio hesitated for a moment, stumbling for words.</p>

      <p><em>If I say this family name out loud, here and now, there will be no going back anymore, </em>he thought to himself.</p>

      <p><em>But is there a need to go back at all?</em> he also thought at the same time. There might be no need to give his Japanese name from when he was alive, but there was meaning in doing so. That was the oath he made to himself.</p>

      <p><em>...I’ve decided already. So, I should just say it. It would completely close off any chance of running away if I said it now. No, there’s no better time than now. Miharu’s been reunited with Satsuki, and now Takahisa has appeared. There’s no reason to keep the truth from her any longer.</em> Rio took a deep breath and prepared to sever any chance of his ability to escape this decision.</p>

      <p>“Well?” Francois tilted his head doubtfully.</p>

      <p>“There is one family name that comes to mind,” Rio uttered.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Let us hear it.” Francois’ eyes widened with curiosity.</p>

      <p>“Amakawa...” Rio said.</p>

      <p>“Wh...” Miharu’s body shook slightly as she took a breath. Satsuki simply blinked.</p>

      <p>“Amakawa, you say?” Francois said, pronouncing the unfamiliar family name awkwardly.</p>

      <p>Rio shot a quick glance at Miharu before resolutely stating his family name. “Yes. Haruto Amakawa. If I could go by that name in the future...”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>