<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="prologue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Prologue: Reflection</h1>

      <p>Somewhere in Japan, in the high school division of a middle-high school...</p>

      <p>This is a story of when Amakawa Haruto and his father moved from the countryside back to the town where they formerly lived, on the very first day of high school.</p>

      <p>In the morning, Haruto went to school with plenty of time to spare so that he wouldn’t be late for the entrance ceremony. Once he arrived at school, he headed for the bulletin board where the class registrations were displayed. He stood before the board and stared carefully at the list of names. He found his own name first, but kept moving his gaze after that, seeking the name of another person in particular.</p>

      <p>The name he was searching for was Ayase Miharu — his childhood friend and the girl he made a promise to reunite with one day. He wasn’t certain if she would be attending the same high school as him, but the possibility was there. He’d been completely cut off from information regarding his mother and sister because of his father, but those shackles were released upon his entrance to high school.</p>

      <p>His father told him of the reason for his divorce, the fact his mother and little sister could still be living in this town, and that similarly, he had heard Miharu was still living in this town, too. While he didn’t know which school she was going to, living in the same town meant there was a possibility of going to the same one. As a result, whether from coincidence or inevitability, Haruto discovered Ayase Miharu’s name on another class’s roll.</p>

      <p><em>She’s here...</em></p>

      <p>Haruto felt elation swell in his chest and clenched his fist tightly. He lost track of time for a moment, staring at Miharu’s name.</p>

      <p>“Hey, you there. Head towards the entrance ceremony hall as soon as you’ve checked your class. You’re gonna be late.” A girl with a comforting tone of voice appeared behind Haruto. She had long, beautiful hair that reached her waist, a dignified face with cute features, and a slender body. Her beauty was enough to unwittingly draw the attention of others. In fact, the new students around them were all watching her with envy.</p>

      <p>“Ah, yes. Sorry.” Haruto turned and bobbed his head at the girl who had addressed him.</p>

      <p>“Were you looking for your friend’s name?” The girl cocked her head at Haruto in question.</p>

      <p>“Yes, something like that.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Do you know where the hall is?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I should be fine. Thank you.” Haruto gave her a gentle smile and attempted to leave.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that’s right! You!” the girl called after Haruto.</p>

      <p>“Yes?” Haruto asked, turning back to the girl once more.</p>

      <p>“I’m Sumeragi Satsuki — I’m a sophomore on the student council. May I ask for your name?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“I’m Amakawa Haruto. It’s nice to meet you, Satsuki,” Haruto replied cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“Same here. Then, once again, welcome to this school, Haruto. I hope we can get along for the next two years!” Satsuki said with a sweet smile.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>