<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 13</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Story</h1>

      <h2>Professor’s Homemade Cooking</h2>

      <p>One day before the banquet in the Galarc Kingdom, at the dining table in the stone house...</p>

      <p>“H... How is it?” Celia asked, watching Rio’s expression as he sat down across from her. In front of him was a plate of omurice covered in demi-glace sauce, the first bite of which he had just eaten.</p>

      <p>“It’s very delicious.”</p>

      <p>“R-Really?!”</p>

      <p>“Yes. The chicken rice has properly accounted for the strength of the sauce, and the half-cooked egg is perfect. It tastes even better knowing that you were the one who cooked it, Professor.”</p>

      <p>“Y-You really think so?”</p>

      <p>“Yes,” Rio nodded with confidence.</p>

      <p>“I-I see... Thank you. It was worth all the practice, then.” Celia giggled bashfully.</p>

      <p>“You’ve been learning how to make omurice from Miharu and Orphia often these days, after all. I'm honored to have the role of taste tester. However, I do have one question...”</p>

      <p>“Hm? What is it?</p>

      <p>“You’ve let me taste test all your other dishes while you were practicing, so why was the omurice the only dish you wouldn’t let me taste until today?” Rio asked.</p>

      <p>“W-Well, that’s because...”</p>

      <p>“Because?”</p>

      <p>“You said omurice was your favorite food, so...” Celia mumbled quietly.</p>

      <p>“Hm?” Rio cocked his head, unable to make out what she’d said.</p>

      <p>“O-Omurice is your favorite food, isn’t it? That’s why I only wanted you to eat it once I was sure it tasted good! Because I wanted you to say that it was delicious!” Celia blurted, her cheeks turning red.</p>

      <p>Rio was surprised. “S-So that was why... Thank you very much,” he said with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah.”</p>

      <p>“It’s really delicious. I wouldn’t mind eating it every day. Will you make it again for me?”</p>

      <p>“...Sure.” Celia looked down and nodded slowly.</p>

      <p>“Hehe.”</p>

      <p>A short distance away, several residents of the stone house were warmly watching over the scene at the dining table.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>