<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 13</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Rio instantly stepped back to widen his distance with the black flames, watching them dubiously.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. On top of being nimble, your reactions are quick as well. However, my sword controls the flames of the evil dragon. It won’t be so easy for you to extinguish,” Nidoll hummed in admiration, then brandished his broadsword in a horizontal slash. The black flames radiated out in a straight line, burning the entire field.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Perhaps I should have held back more?” Nidoll muttered in exasperation at the sea of black. “It has been so long since I’ve crossed swords with someone of equal or greater ability, so I wanted to enjoy myself more... What a cowardly dragon indeed.”</p>

      <p>No sooner he muttered that, a barrage of wind suddenly shot out from the black flames. The barrage of wind blew away the black flames, nay, it took in the black flames as it attacked Nidoll in a straight line.</p>

      <p>“Hmph!” Nidoll suddenly brandished his sword. The blast of wind made contact with his broadsword and applied creaking pressure to his arm, shocking the air around him.</p>

      <p>After a while, Nidoll repelled the barrage of flame-carrying wind. The next moment, Rio had snuck right up to Nidoll.</p>

      <p>“Splendid!”</p>

      <p>Nidoll had an enraptured smile carved onto his face as he reflexively counterattacked. However, the one with the initiative was Rio, who had launched the surprise attack. He had snuck right up to Nidoll, erasing his distance to the broadsword before swinging his daggers left and right with tricky movements as he began to overwhelm his opponent.</p>

      <p>Illuminated by the moon, Rio’s daggers glinted several times. He launched accurate slashes at Nidoll’s arms and legs, but...</p>

      <p><em>The cloth armor he’s wearing seems to have some secret to its material. It’s as tough as cutting a demi-dragon’s skin.</em></p>

      <p>Rio’s slashes were functioning more like blunt attacks. Nidoll’s clothes easily deflected the blades of the daggers. However, it did seem like the damage was building up underneath the clothes. Hits to the vitals were blocked carefully, but it was only a matter of time before he would be rendered immobile.</p>

      <p>“Bwahaha, it seems my defeat is coming in only a matter of time. Good, very good. How splendid indeed. I can feel my blood pumping through my veins. Yes, I remember this sensation now.” Despite being backed into a corner, Nidoll laughed loudly without a care in the world. It was as though he loved fighting with every fiber of his being.</p>

      <p>Unable to measure the amount of humanity in this man, Rio began to increase his number of attacks somewhat cautiously.</p>

      <p>“What’s the matter? This is an opportune chance to come for my head. Come, take this neck in one blow. You’ll only regret it if you try to weaken me first... Ah, it’s already too late.”</p>

      <p>Nidoll urged Rio to quickly take his head, but then he suddenly frowned in disappointment. Immediately following, black magic essence violently rose like flames from his body and broadsword.</p>

      <p>Rio backed away reflexively, but—</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, time’s up. I cannot hold it back any longer. You should run away quickly,” Nidoll sighed. The violently blowing torrent of black essence gathered around his sword ominously.</p>

      <p><em>That magic essence is bad news.</em></p>

      <p>Rio felt a cold chill down his spine and promptly gathered essence within his body.</p>

      <p>“Oh? It seems you intend on exchanging blows with me. Good, good. That way of thinking is truly magnificent.” Nidoll’s eyes widened, showing a glimpse of his astonishment. Then, his mouth twisted with an aggressive grin. During this time, the black essence torrent continued to gather around his broadsword.</p>

      <p>“En garde.” Nidoll held his sword pointed at Rio’s eyes, then swung it down slowly, and a tremendous rush of black flames was released. The inside of the arena was covered in pitch black darkness.</p>

      <p>However, Rio had gathered a similarly vast amount of magic essence. He raised his hand at the approaching flames without flinching, and white light burst forward from it. The white torrent of light glittered like diamond dust as it rushed straight onwards, colliding with the black flames. Immediately after the collision, blinding light filled the arena and an ice-cold gale blasted through the area.</p>

      <p>Nidoll’s black flames had been eaten away and were freezing over. Furthermore, Rio had already moved to approach him from behind.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... It was a rather sudden ending, but I cannot recall the last time I felt so elated. Well done. I had fun. To keep my word, I will give you your reward. What do you desire? My life?” Nidoll asked simply. Rio’s dagger was pointed at his neck.</p>

      <p>“I have no particular interest in your life. What I want is information.” Rio paused for a brief moment before stating his demand. The reason why he hadn’t attacked Nidoll with the intent to kill was because his original goal was to gather information.</p>

      <p>The current situation was definitely not what he had expected, but if this man was the country’s emperor, then it was all the more convenient for him. There was a high likelihood he would know Lucius.</p>

      <p>“Oh? So you wish for my truthful answers to your questions as a reward. Is that it?” Nidoll’s eyes widened in surprise.</p>

      <p>“That’s right,” Rio nodded.</p>

      <p>“Ha. Fine, then. State your questions. Quickly, before the guards come running.” Nidoll smiled in spite of himself and ordered Rio to speak.</p>

      <p>“I’m searching for a mercenary named Lucius. If he’s from this country, I want you to tell me what you know about him.”</p>

      <p>“...Bwahahahaha!” Nidoll laughed loudly.</p>

      <p>“...What’s so funny?” Rio asked with a suspicious look.</p>

      <p>“I see. You snuck all the way here in search of that man. An admirable ability to take action, indeed. Heh heh heh.”</p>

      <p>“So you’re saying you know of him?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed, I do. Though he isn’t a citizen of this country.”</p>

      <p>“Then what is his relationship to you?”</p>

      <p>“I am the ruler of this country, and that man is the head of a renowned mercenary group. It’s not strange for us to have a contract connection,” Nidoll answered boldly and heartily.</p>

      <p>“In that case, you must know of a man named Reiss too? The one acting as the ambassador of this country.”</p>

      <p>Nidoll’s eyes widened faintly. “Hmm, so you know of Reiss as well. Indeed, I was the one who appointed that man as our ambassador.”</p>

      <p>“What is Reiss and Lucius’ relationship?” Rio asked flatly.</p>

      <p>“Lucius was once tasked with Reiss’ protection, but I have no interest in the relationships of my retainers. Reiss rarely returns to this country as is. Even when he does return, he disappears without a word shortly after. Well, it seems he’s making various moves forming factions and the like... Hmm. So which is your target, Lucius or Reiss? I will only give you information about one right now, so choose wisely.”</p>

      <p>“Do you understand the situation you’re in right now? I’m the one asking the questions.” Rio shifted his hand quietly, pressing the dagger against Nidoll’s throat.</p>

      <p>“Now now, boy. I told you the patrols will come running soon. Do you have the time to waste?”</p>

      <p>“Then tell me Lucius’ location. If you know where he is, that is.”</p>

      <p>“The Paladia Kingdom. The kingdom is constantly in conflict with their neighboring countries, but my country is providing support behind the scenes. It’s a small kingdom to the east. Have you heard of it?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve heard the name.”</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll keep this short. It was roughly one year ago that his contract ended with me, and he chose the Paladia Kingdom as his new job location. I prepared a letter of recommendation in secret, so he should have a connection to the royal family. I don’t know if he’s still working there, but the first prince may know something,” Nidoll replied, then gave a small shrug.</p>

      <p>“...” Rio fell silent with a pensive look. Nidoll was voluntarily giving him information, but without credible evidence, there was no telling whether his words were true or not. Rio hesitated, wondering whether it was right to leave like this, when—</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s your choice whether you believe me or not. But what will you do now? I’ve told you everything I know about his location, so your reward has now been fulfilled. I have no obligation to obey you any further than this, yes? And it seems the patrol is here. Right on time,” Nidoll sneered audaciously. Like he said, the passage connecting to the arena was starting to fill with noise.</p>

      <p><em>Staying any longer would indeed be too risky, huh?</em></p>

      <p>Rio furrowed his brow faintly, then decided to retreat.</p>

      <p>“Ah, one more thing. If you’re leaving, leave through the way you came in. Don’t go touching the barrier carelessly. Though it’s up to you whether you believe this or not, too,” Nidoll added as an afterthought. At the same time, magic essence swelled up within his body. Rio reflexively stepped back to gain his distance, then immediately began running to escape.</p>

      <p><em>What was the deal with that man?</em></p>

      <p>Rio leaped while running, making his way up to the spectator seats. He had an eerie feeling that was difficult to describe in words, making him glance back down at Nidoll.</p>

      <p>Nidoll smiled up at Rio boldly.</p>

      <p>“There he is!”</p>

      <p>“He’s fast!”</p>

      <p>“There may be others! Protect His Majesty!”</p>

      <p>The soldiers scrambled around in a flurry, surrounding Rio with coordinated movements as they commenced their escort of Nidoll. However, Rio ran at a speed faster than they could follow, lightly leaping up to the atrium.</p>

      <p>“W-What physical abilities he has...”</p>

      <p>“Is he an enchanted sword user?”</p>

      <p>The soldiers froze and looked up at Rio in amazement.</p>

      <p>Rio looked down at Nidoll one more time before leaping out of the arena, disappearing from the view of the pursuing soldiers.</p>

      <p>“H-He jumped?!”</p>

      <p>The soldiers were all wide-eyed in shock. Rio took that chance to use his wind spirit arts and ascend rapidly, leaving the barrier through the gap. Meanwhile...</p>

      <p>“Don’t be so mad. I merely put on the act that Reiss directed. I made quite the actor, don’t you think?” Nidoll muttered, chuckling heartily to himself.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>