<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 13</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: Across the Border</h1>

      <p>Several minutes later, Rio woke Alfred and brought him over to where Rui and Charles were beside Christina. Celia was still treating Orphia’s wound just to be sure she was healed, but Sara and Alma stood guard near Alfred in case anything happened. Meanwhile, Vanessa had also regained consciousness and was keeping a watchful eye over Charles’ subordinates, along with Kouta and Rei.</p>

      <p>Fortunately, no one that crossed swords with Rio had lost their lives. However, there were a considerable number of people who had been sent flying by his wind spirit arts and landed hard, resulting in severe injuries. Those people had been restrained, and the critically injured ones were allowed to be treated by the sorcerers.</p>

      <p>“You’ve done it now...” Christina glared at Charles bitterly.</p>

      <p>“What are you saying? Those should be my words. I knew you shouldn’t have been allowed to attend that banquet. You managed to go behind my back and join forces with such a monster,” Charles sneered weakly. His fighting spirit had been completely broken, but he seemed to have regained a little composure and could hold a proper conversation again. He shot a look of detest at Rio.</p>

      <p>“Take back your words and apologize. Sir Amakawa is no monster,” Christina ordered with a frown.</p>

      <p>“Ha! Hahaha!” Charles cackled wildly, then lowered his voice to an irritated mumble. “If only... If only that monster weren’t here...”</p>

      <p><em>He hasn’t realized it was Celia who connected Princess Christina to me?</em></p>

      <p>Rio brushed off Charles’ resentment with a blank expression and made a guess based on his words. Why Reiss hadn’t explained that to Charles, he had no idea...</p>

      <p>Christina seemed to be thinking the same thing, showing a glimpse of a doubt for a moment.</p>

      <p>“We’re still within the borders of the Beltrum Kingdom right now. While we’ve apprehended the target, it wouldn’t be a good idea to linger about while surrounded by the enemy’s army. The faster we cross the border, the better, but what would you like to do?” Rio asked Christina.</p>

      <p>He looked between Charles, his subordinates nearby, and the troops waiting on the hill. It was up to Christina to decide how to deal with them, and what action to take next.</p>

      <p>Christina thought for a moment, but quickly made a decision. “We’ll bring Charles and Alfred with us as prisoners. We’ll investigate the details later.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? Then what will happen to me?” Rui asked, shrugging his shoulders in jest.</p>

      <p>“We cannot take the hero around as a prisoner. If you wish to follow us of your own will, that would be another matter, but...” Christina trailed off, yielding the right to choose to Rui. Taking a hero captive could be seen as a political attack, so she had to take a stance that thoroughly showed her lack of hostility.</p>

      <p>“I see...” Rui looked at Kouta’s back somewhat sadly as he expressed his intent. “I shall return to the capital, then.”</p>

      <p>Kouta avoided Rui’s gaze by keeping his face forward, never turning back once as he stood watch of their surroundings.</p>

      <p>“Are you sure...?” Christina confirmed, also looking at Kouta’s back.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I have a lover awaiting my return,” Rui nodded, answering clearly.</p>

      <p>“Ngh...” Kouta’s back shook slightly. Rio and the others couldn’t see his expression from their position, but Rei was sighing in exasperation beside Kouta.</p>

      <p>“Kouta,” Rui called. He didn’t respond.</p>

      <p>Rui continued speaking to his back. “I knew why you left the castle. I knew, yet I tried to bring you back while dodging the subject, but... It really is true that I acted out of concern for you and Saiki. That’s why I came after you. I wanted to see your face and confirm whether you’d be okay outside of the castle. Whether you’d be able to live well in this world from now on.”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>“If you tell me you’ll be fine, I’ll believe you. I won’t try to force you to come back anymore. I’ll believe that we can meet again someday and wait. You’re an important friend to me, after all,” Rui kept speaking in spite of Kouta’s silence, when—</p>

      <p>“<em>I...!”</em> Kouta raised his voice, keeping his trembling back facing them. His bitter words were not in the language of this world, but in Japanese.</p>

      <p>“<em>I’ve... I’ve always felt inferior to you. You transferred into our school from overseas, blessed with your looks and brains, and immediately became the school’s favorite. You joined the same club as Akane and I and before I knew it, you were closer to my childhood friend than I was... I was jealous of you. I couldn’t win against you in school, sports, or looks. Akane kept praising how amazing you are—each time, it filled me with so much jealousy, I almost hated you.</em>”</p>

      <p>“Kouta...”</p>

      <p>“<em>But you were such a good person, treating me like a close friend—I couldn’t hate you. Even when we wandered into this world unable to understand the language, you spent hours every day studying grammar and vocabulary to help us... Acting like we were the ones having a tough time when you had it the toughest out of all of us. That’s why...</em>” Kouta bit down on his lip.</p>

      <p>Everyone watched his back silently. While they could understand Rui’s words due to the automatic translation effect of his Divine Arms, most of them had no idea what Kouta was saying. Only Rui and Rei, who were Japanese, and Rio—who had Amakawa Haruto’s memories within him—could understand Kouta’s words.</p>

      <p>However, it was clear even to those who couldn’t understand Kouta’s words that he was venting out his pent-up emotions.</p>

      <p>“<em>That’s why it was only natural for Akane to fall in love with you. Then you fell in love with her, too. But I didn’t want to accept that... I was going to go insane with envy if I stayed with you and Akane any longer. I hated myself for feeling like that—it was pathetic. That’s why I ran from you two. That’s all...</em>” Kouta touched upon the truth and clenched his fists tightly.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry...” Rui apologized with a distressed look.</p>

      <p>“<em>Don’t be... It must have been hard for you, too. Akane’s slow on the uptake, after all. She never realized my feelings. But you did, and that left you stuck between a rock and a hard place. I’m the one who should be sorry. Sorry, for leaving without a word—it was only natural for you to be worried.”</em> Kouta returned the apology, his face twisting as he held back his bitter emotions. It was at this point that he turned for the first time, facing Rui. “<em>I’ll be fine. I’ll do my best to live well outside the castle. So there’s no need for your concern. Don’t worry about me. One day, when I no longer feel inferior to you, I’ll go see you guys... Thank you for thinking of me as a close friend all this time. You’re a precious friend to me, too, Rui.</em>”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. We’ll always be friends.” Rui looked down, nodding his head.</p>

      <p>“<em>Look after Akane. Tell her I’ll be fine.</em>”</p>

      <p>“...All right.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>