<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 13</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: Jealousy</h1>

      <p>Around the time Rio was finishing up his discussion with Liselotte, Hiroaki had been led to a guest room by Cosette and invited Flora and Roanna inside to soothe his boredom.</p>

      <p>Generally, Roanna would bring up a topic, Hiroaki would rattle on about it, Roanna would ask a question that was easy for Hiroaki to answer with a boast, and Hiroaki would continue the conversation from there. Roanna was a responsive conversation partner that reacted in a way that made the speaker feel good, so she truly was a comfortable person for Hiroaki to converse with.</p>

      <p>“I used to think my sense of personal space was on the bigger side, but I guess you never really know,” Hiroaki said while sitting down on the narrow three-seater sofa. Flora and Roanna sat on either side of him while he had his arms spread.</p>

      <p>Normally, they would either all sit on individual sofas or comfortably share a three-seater between two of them while the third sat on an individual sofa, but the guest rooms in the fortress only had the bare minimum in the way of furnishings.</p>

      <p>“Well, sit down,” Hiroaki had said, having positioned himself in the center of the sofa and beckoned Flora and Roanna over, resulting in the three of them sitting together.</p>

      <p>“Personal space?” Roanna reacted to Hiroaki’s words, inclining her head.</p>

      <p>“Ah, it’s the distance where other people are too close for comfort. The closer you are to the other person, the shorter this distance is, and the less acquainted you are, the wider it is. You wouldn’t want to sit here with a random old man, right?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed, I would prefer to decline such a thing... But I have no opposition to the current arrangement,” Roanna said, bringing herself closer to Hiroaki’s shoulder. Meanwhile, Flora maintained a shy distance that avoided contact with Hiroaki’s body.</p>

      <p>“My personal space used to be so big, I found it annoying when someone entered an empty restaurant after me and sat themselves within my field of view. But I don’t dislike the current setup,” Hiroaki snorted, grabbing Roanna’s shoulder and holding her closer.</p>

      <p>“Geez, that was because it was a man, wasn’t it?” Roanna asked with a cute pout.</p>

      <p>“Nah, there are some times where I hate it because it’s a woman, too. Especially when there are other open seats, but they purposefully sit near me. I just want to eat my food in peace, but they start blabbering about dumb topics.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean by that...?”</p>

      <p>One might think she was asking if he didn’t like her sticking so close at the moment.</p>

      <p>“I wonder?” Hiroaki smirked, evading Roanna’s stare with a laugh. At that moment, he could tell Roanna pressed herself even closer. He chuckled smugly. “It’s a narrow seat, but things like this are nice every once in a while too, no?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind if we’re like this all the time, though,” Roanna answered with a slight pout.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha!” Hiroaki burst into hearty laughter. Then he sighed and said, “Ah, it really is the best to have someone who understands you when you’re tired and feeling frayed along the edges. In reality, being with women who are all looks and zero understanding is so irritating.”</p>

      <p>The ones who came to mind were the girls who weren’t in this room right now—with the exception of Christina. He was displeased with the fact they hadn’t actively tried to involve themselves with him, the hero. Just recalling it made his irritation return.</p>

      <p>“I guess that means I’m an understanding woman, then?” Roanna immediately asked.</p>

      <p>“Nope,” Hiroaki shook his head. Then, he added, “You’re understanding <em>and</em> you have the looks. A truly charming lady indeed.”</p>

      <p>“Geez,” Roanna blushed in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“So, what’s with you, Flora? You’ve been silent this entire time.” Satisfied with Roanna’s reaction, Hiroaki turned to Flora, who hadn’t participated in the conversation at all.</p>

      <p>“Huh...? Ah... No...” Flora was unable to come up with any words at the moment. She seemed distracted, like her mind simply wasn’t there.</p>

      <p>“...” Hiroaki sighed disapprovingly.</p>

      <p>“Umm, I was thinking about my sister and Sir Haruto... I was wondering what they were up to,” Flora answered with naive honesty.</p>

      <p>“Who knows? Christina should be talking to Duke Huguenot, right? But why bring up his name?” Hiroaki frowned openly at the mention of Haruto’s name. <em>Not again</em>, he thought.</p>

      <p>“No, I was just thinking that a lot must have happened while they were traveling.”</p>

      <p>“Between Christina and that bastard?”</p>

      <p>“That’s not what I mean, but Professor Celia was there too...” Flora trailed off.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” With even Celia’s name mentioned, Hiroaki hummed with disinterest. But on the inside, his displeasure was rapidly building. “Is it really a big deal? That he defeated the King’s Sword or whatever? It seemed like people were making a rather big fuss about it,” he said, expressing his doubts towards Alfred’s abilities.</p>

      <p>“Sir Emarle has been acknowledged by the king as Beltrum’s strongest. He can use an enchanted sword to release powerful blades of light, and his strength is so well known that they say it’s an understatement to call him a one-man army,” Roanna said a little hesitantly, knowing that the answer wasn’t what Hiroaki wanted to hear.</p>

      <p>“Yet he and that Rui bastard were beaten up by that fresh-off-the-farm greenhorn. That Rui bastard—it impacts me too if he loses in a way that sullies the name of heroes,” Hiroaki mumbled sullenly.</p>

      <p><em>So the King’s Sword uses blades of lights to attack? Sounds like setting off my Divine Arms at full power would definitely be stronger. But Satsuki already lost to him in a sparring match, and that Takahisa bastard also had a bad time against him. He appeared around the same time as the heroes, yet he’s standing out more than us. At this rate, he’ll be valued higher than us. Even his name is similar to us Japanese people.</em></p>

      <p>If only there was something he could do about it, he thought as he felt a sense of danger from Haruto’s recent activities.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm. Is there anything I can do to lower that bastard’s protagonist characterization? By making him lose face or something...</em></p>

      <p>He folded his arms in discontent, falling silent in thought. Meanwhile, Roanna sensed his mood and quietly waited for Hiroaki to begin speaking again, while Flora awkwardly remained silent.</p>

      <p><em>It’d be so convenient if someone could just go and defeat him once. Seeing how the so-called kingdom’s strongest—the King’s Sword—was no match for him, no one in the Restoration will be able to beat him in a close-ranged match either...</em></p>

      <p>Everyone was just so worthless: all name and no substance. There wasn’t anyone who was the “real deal,” as it were. However, though he was irritating, Haruto Amakawa’s abilities were probably real. Hiroaki had witnessed Haruto fight in the flesh from up close, and his combat powers were indeed impressive. He didn’t want to admit it, but Haruto was strong. However...</p>

      <p><em>Hold on a minute... There’s no need to fight in a close ranged battle where the bastard has the upper hand, is there? If I can maintain a distance while one-sidedly attacking him, then...</em></p>

      <p>A brilliant idea suddenly came to Hiroaki’s mind.</p>

      <p><em>That’s right—fighting in his ring would be nonsense. That fool Rui also went out of his way to fight him at close range when he’s a bow user, or so I hear. That was probably why he lost. He should have just camped somewhere advantageous and defeated him with long-ranged attacks.</em></p>

      <p>Hiroaki analyzed the cause of Rui’s defeat and sneered.</p>

      <p><em>Dragging your opponent into your own ring to win is the ultimate tactic. Since the power I obtained is too great even in an incomplete form, I’ve rarely had the chance to test it out properly, but wouldn’t he be the perfect opponent? If I say I want to test my ability, it might work.</em></p>

      <p>He could see a way for him to win against Haruto Amakawa. Of course, it would be a sparring match, so they wouldn’t fight for real, but it would be a good form of stress relief. There was no telling if Haruto would agree to the match, but it wouldn’t hurt to ask.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, great. In the end, I have to be the one standing out.</em></p>

      <p>The only ones who could cull the genuinely strong were the stronger.</p>

      <p>“Ah, I’ve just thought of something. I’m going to see Haruto.”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki immediately began his plan.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Around the same time, Chloe was leading Rio to his guest room after his discussion with Liselotte ended.</p>

      <p>“Here you go—please use this room. This is the key,” Chloe said, stopping in front of the room and handing Rio the key.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much, Chloe. If you don’t mind me asking, where are Sara and the girls who came together with me?” Rio asked.</p>

      <p>“I showed them to their room right over there.” Chloe gestured with her right hand, pointing out the room where Sara and the others were staying.</p>

      <p>“I understand. If you would excuse me,” Rio said, then started walking towards Sara’s room.</p>

      <p>“Sure.”</p>

      <p><em>I wonder what kind of relationship he has with the three of them? </em>Chloe wondered, watching Rio knock on the door before she left. The door opened and Sara stuck her head out from within.</p>

      <p>“Haruto.”</p>

      <p>“Sorry to keep you waiting.”</p>

      <p>“Not at all. Please, come inside.”</p>

      <p>After that exchange, Rio entered the room as Chloe quietly left.</p>

      <p>“Pardon the intrusion,” Rio said as he stepped inside.</p>

      <p>“We were waiting.”</p>

      <p>“You’ve worked hard today.”</p>

      <p>Orphia and Alma welcomed Rio from where they sat on the beds.</p>

      <p>“Please, have a seat.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks.” Rio sat down on one side of the three-seater sofa that Sara offered him.</p>

      <p>“There was something we had to tell you, Rio.” Sara used Rio’s real name since only those in the know were in the room.</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“Now that Princess Christina has joined up with her allies, we were thinking of returning to the stone house. We don’t think we should get too deeply involved with the noble class of humans—or human politics in general,” Sara began.</p>

      <p>“I see... I agree, that would probably be for the best.”</p>

      <p>The spirit folk girls were eye-catching enough with their appearances, but they must have attracted a lot of attention by showing up in a group while wielding enchanted swords. If they continued to Rodania like this, they would definitely receive some form of invitation.</p>

      <p>“We do want to continue accompanying you, but...” Sara said worriedly. Orphia and Alma frowned too.</p>

      <p>“No, you’ve been a tremendous help coming this far. The journey will shift to enchanted ships once we reach Amande, so you’ve done enough. I’d appreciate it if you could protect Miharu and Latifa instead.”</p>

      <p>“Of course!” The girls nodded energetically in unison.</p>

      <p>In contrast, Rio had a shadow over his face. “Thank you so much. And I have to apologize for how much danger you were subjected to. Especially to you, Orphia—you were injured as a result.”</p>

      <p>“What are you saying? Celia isn’t important to just you, Haruto. She’s important to us as well,” Sara said.</p>

      <p>“Yes, exactly,” Alma agreed.</p>

      <p>“We’ve all recovered completely and nothing terrible happened. We were all really happy to be able to travel around and learn about the world with you. We’ve never had the chance to travel on foot before, so everything felt new,” Orphia said, flashing a bashful smile.</p>

      <p>“You even got Rio to hold you in a bridal carry at the end there.”</p>

      <p>“That’s right... Wait! What are you saying, Alma?!” Orphia protested with a faint blush.</p>

      <p>Sara watched the two of them and sighed. “We learned a lot from this trip, especially in that final fight with the mercenaries. If you hadn’t taught us how to fight against people, we may have had a much tougher time,” she said, looking back on the battle.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. It was great that we were able to get real experience fighting.”</p>

      <p>“Yup. And now we know there are lots of strong humans out there, too. The one I went up against was especially tough.”</p>

      <p>Alma and Orphia added to Sara’s words with serious expressions.</p>

      <p>“The King’s Sword... Was what they called him, right? From what I saw of Rio’s battle, we wouldn’t be able to win against him—not with the limitation of fighting while we pretended our weapons were catalysts for sorcery activation, at least,” Sara analyzed with a stern look.</p>

      <p>“However, if you were able to use your spirit arts freely, warriors as skilled as yourselves should be able to hold your own. If things ever get really dangerous, please don’t hesitate to fight using your spirit arts. I do not wish to see anyone else getting hurt from fighting,” Rio requested with a worried face. He had been beside himself with worry when he had arrived to see Orphia and Celia down on the ground before Charles and the others. The village had placed a rule on them to keep their species and spirit arts hidden as much as possible when they departed, but it wasn’t something they needed to worry about protecting at the cost of their lives. At least, that was what Rio believed.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much...” Sara and the others exchanged looks before thanking him with embarrassed joy. They could tell Rio was truly worried about them.</p>

      <p>“There’s nothing you should be thanking me for...” Rio said with a pained smile.</p>

      <p>“I’m happy that you were angry on behalf of Celia and myself,” Orphia said, closing her eyes and placing a hand over her healed stomach.</p>

      <p>“...It was the right thing to do,” Rio said awkwardly. If possible, he didn’t want others to see him being angry and acting violently, since he normally gave off an image of rationality and humanity. He had previously scared Ruri and Sayo like that, too.</p>

      <p>“We saw you in a way we’d never imagined before, but it was a really cool version of you, you know?” Orphia said with a grin, staring at Rio’s face.</p>

      <p>“Please don’t make fun of me...” Rio’s eyes widened faintly before he ducked his face. He was smiling softly in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Orphia’s right. It reminded me of when you protected Latifa when the wyvern flock attacked the village,” Alma agreed with a giggle.</p>

      <p>“I remember that,” Sara said, keenly recalling those memories.</p>

      <p>“It was a long time ago now.”</p>

      <p>“It’s been four or five years since then.”</p>

      <p>Orphia and Alma reminisced with distant looks in their eyes. Perhaps that was why the room filled with pensive silence.</p>

      <p>“Come to think of it, what were you discussing with Liselotte?” Sara asked, changing the topic.</p>

      <p>“We were making plans for next month. Liselotte was thinking of bringing Satsuki to her home and hosting a meal, and invited me to attend with everyone in the stone house...” Rio said.</p>

      <p>“Oh. We’d love to attend, but...”</p>

      <p>“We just decided it would be best for us not to get involved with human nobility and politics.”</p>

      <p>Sara and the others were rather attracted to the offer. The amount of politics involved in attending Liselotte’s personally hosted meal was completely different to the act of going to Rodania, but the fact they were contradicting themselves already was apparent. If he had asked at a later time, they may have answered differently, but...</p>

      <p>“What do we do?” Alma asked Sara and Orphia.</p>

      <p>“We’ll pass this time. Even though having a meal together shouldn’t have any political impact, creating exceptions so easily could lead to a slippery slope of making more exceptions in the future...” Sara declared regretfully, her tone extremely serious.</p>

      <p>“It’s too bad, but you’re right,” Orphia agreed.</p>

      <p>“There’s nothing we can do about it,” Alma shrugged sadly.</p>

      <p>“However, since we’re passing this time, we’ll definitely participate next time! If there’s a next time! Definitely!” Sara said, adding a condition to their refusal.</p>

      <p>“Doesn’t that defeat the point?” Alma laughed at Sara.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine! We have to demonstrate our self-control here, so that the next time we can reward ourselves for doing so,” Sara said, turning away in a huff.</p>

      <p>“Right,” Orphia giggled.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>