<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>I’m Isle Osaki. Thank you for buying volume four of <em>Zero Believers</em>. This book was the Highland arc. When I was writing the first book, I was really aware of the climax from the first half of this volume.</p>

      <p>I wanted to have a lot of Makoto’s classmates back on the page as a sort of school reunion type thing, but there were too many of them, so I had to cut the numbers down.</p>

      <p>Furiae, the Priestess of the Moon, took center stage in this volume. She was originally going to be the main heroine of the series, and back when I wrote the web version, she was there from the first chapter. However, her past was too much and made the series too dark, so I gave that plan up. Lucy, with how bright she is, was a contrast to her. Afterward, we got more heroines with Sasa and Princess Sophia, so Furiae didn’t show up until volume four. I was so relieved to get her on the page for this volume.</p>

      <p>※ Noah is the eternal, undying, zeroth heroine.</p>

      <p>Finally, I want to thank Tam-U for the ever-wonderful illustrations, along with my editors Y and N. I also want to thank the readers that have supported both the online and published versions of this series. I hope you can continue to do so in the future as well.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>