<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“You want me to call you...Princess Furiae?”</p>

      <p>“I do... Thank you.”</p>

      <p>Hmm, I suppose she’s just fussy about that?</p>

      <p><em>Well, that’s typical Makoto,</em> I heard Noah comment wryly.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto, you...”</p>

      <p>“Makoto... Well, I pretty much expected that.”</p>

      <p>“Just like you, Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia and my other party members didn’t exactly sound thrilled. Had they been expecting me to decline?</p>

      <p>“So, how do we do this?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Kneel in front of me and kiss my hand,” Furiae instructed.</p>

      <p>“R-Right...”</p>

      <p><em>That’s kind of embarrassing... Oh well.</em></p>

      <p>I knelt and took her hand, bringing the sculpted fingers toward my lips—</p>

      <p>“W-Wait!” Princess Sophia interjected. “You just need to make the contract while your hands are connected!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, is that so?” Furiae asked.</p>

      <p>“Really, Princess Sophia?” I asked at the same time, both of us turning in unison.</p>

      <p>“Why? Did you not know?” Princess Sophia asked regretfully.</p>

      <p>Furiae just cleared her throat and continued. “Take my hand, then... I propose a contract with thee as my knight, under thy name... What is thy name?”</p>

      <p><em>Come on, at least remember my name! I’m supposed to be your guardian knight.</em></p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, right... Under thy name Makoto Takatsuki. I appoint thee as guardian knight of the Priestess of the Moon. I place my faith in thee, and bless thee. As long as thou shalt live, you will be my shield, my sword,” she declared solemnly.</p>

      <p><em>Man, that’s cool.</em></p>

      <p>I was just absently listening when she gave me a doubtful look.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me, your answer if you would?”</p>

      <p>Oh, so I needed to reply?</p>

      <p>“I’ll work hard and do my best.”</p>

      <p>“That...is a strange reply,” she said after giving me a steady glare. “Well, no matter.”</p>

      <p><em>Well, what was I </em>supposed<em> to say? </em></p>

      <p>Just then, my body started glowing faintly. I only had time to think, <em>Wait, what the?!</em> before it stopped.</p>

      <p>“And now you should be my guardian knight,” declared Princess Furiae. “Check your Soul Book.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, let’s have a look.” I opened it. Something new was indeed written there: “Guardian Knight of the Priestess of the Moon.”</p>

      <p>My skills...hadn’t changed. <em>Maybe it’ll take a while?</em></p>

      <p>“Then, the contract’s complete,” I said to her. “I’ll leave tomorrow’s curse-breaking to you.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. I’ll unravel their shoddy spells,” Furiae announced, puffing up.</p>

      <p>“Wait a moment,” Princess Sophia interrupted. “There are tens of thousands of beastmen in the city. How will you release all of them?”</p>

      <p>That was a good question! Nina was nodding as well.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I suppose my voice would be the best vector for so many people. To unravel the curse, I can roam the city and sing,” she mused, a hand on her chin.</p>

      <p>Right, so the cursed beastmen would just need to hear her.</p>

      <p>“That could take hours’h...” Nina countered, her voice glum.</p>

      <p>“Hundreds of people will probably lose their lives...” Chris added.</p>

      <p>Okay...so we couldn’t avoid losses? Wait a minute...</p>

      <p>“Hey, Fu—Princess. Can you use anything other than your voice?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“I could break the curse via touch or sight, but that takes even longer.”</p>

      <p>“Using the voice as a medium is the most efficient way of casting magic on a large, unknown number of people,” Princess Sophia confirmed.</p>

      <p><em>But...</em></p>

      <p>“What about this?” I asked before explaining my idea.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“R-Reporting! The violence is gradually receding in the seventh district!” a soldier informed the people.</p>

      <p>“Likewise in the eighth!” another added.</p>

      <p>“What...was that...?” the archbishop asked blankly.</p>

      <p><em>Ha ha, what a shock for you,</em> I chuckled mentally.</p>

      <p>“Archbishop Isaac of the Snake Sect. The riots will be under control shortly. Symphonia will not fall today,” Princess Noelle declared firmly.</p>

      <p>“Our princess!”</p>

      <p>“How?”</p>

      <p>“It’s a miracle from Althena!”</p>

      <p>“D-Don’t mock me! This plan is a decade in the making! It cannot fail!” The panicked voice of the archbishop cut across the cheers of the Highland soldiers.</p>

      <p>“Answer me, Princess! Those reports were false, weren’t they! It doesn’t make sense otherwise. Even <em>Sun Magic (God Rank)</em> couldn’t remove a curse from that many people at once!”</p>

      <p>Isaac spread his arms. Was he after sympathy?</p>

      <p>“He’s freaking out,” said the Grandsage with a harsh smirk.</p>

      <p>“He is,” I answered with a grin of my own.</p>

      <p>“Still,” the Grandsage continued. “Using <em>Synchro</em> with the moon priestess and spreading the curse removal through the rain... That was inspired thinking.”</p>

      <p>“It’s a good way of doing it, right?”</p>

      <p>“It wouldn’t have been a possibility under normal circumstances,” she scoffed. But then, she stretched. “Controlling the weather is tiring. I won’t do it again, even if you’re the one asking.”</p>

      <p>“I gave you my blood for it, didn’t I?”</p>

      <p>“Weather magic is worth <em>two</em> servings,” she griped. “Hand over the second.”</p>

      <p>“Right, right, okay.”</p>

      <p>Getting my blood drained kinda hurt, but oh well.</p>

      <p>“The Priestess of the Moon!” Isaac suddenly exclaimed. “No one is more skilled at curses than the Snake Sect, except her! That whore is helping you, isn’t she?!”</p>

      <p>Oh, he was a sharp one.</p>

      <p>“Don’t be foolish,” the pope refuted. “Highland would never ask for the cursed priestess’s aid!”</p>

      <p>Princess Noelle remained silent.</p>

      <p>“Reporting!” announced a soldier. “The violence has settled! There are still some revolting, but they are few in number.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you,” Princess Noelle said to the knight. She then turned to the archbishop and coldly addressed him. “Did you hear that? Archbishop of the Snake Sect, it sounds like you spent a large amount of time on your plan... A shame.”</p>

      <p>“Impossible... Impossible...” murmured Isaac madly. “Fine! In which case...”</p>

      <p><em>Suicide Magic: Fire Storm.</em></p>

      <p>Crap! He was desperate!</p>

      <p>“This is pointless,” the Grandsage commented, thrusting out a hand and chanting, “<em>Wood Magic: Ivy Prison.</em>”</p>

      <p>Isaac’s stolen body was instantly surrounded by vines. They wound around his arms, face, and the rest of him, preventing him from moving... Uh, could he breathe in there?</p>

      <p>“Noelle, you can deal with him,” scoffed the Grandsage. “I doubt that this clown has much information since he was being controlled by the archbishop.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you,” she answered with a bow. I was confident it would be dealt with.</p>

      <p>“Grandsage!”</p>

      <p>“Impressive as ever.”</p>

      <p>“Her Highness was splendid as well!”</p>

      <p>“Filthy-blooded plebeians are capable of little else...”</p>

      <p>Those words, along with other yells, came from the Highlanders. Well, it <em>was</em> a good thing that humans didn’t end up in a civil war with the beastmen.</p>

      <p>“Princess,” the pope spoke gravely. “There is something that weighs on me—the claim that we took the Priestess of the Moon’s aid to break the Snake Sect’s curse. Of course, I believe it to be nothing more than the ramblings of the filthy-blooded, but—”</p>

      <p>Princess Noelle turned to him and spoke. “I acquired her aid to minimize casualties.”</p>

      <p>“What?! Unthinkable! Our city is protected by Althena... Why would we request aid from filth of her ilk?!”</p>

      <p>His face had gone red with rage. I’d thought of him as a nice person since he’d previously been against executing the beastmen! Now, he was kind of scary.</p>

      <p>“Silence!” cried a voice. “Filthy blood this, filth that! Do you truly hate cambions so much?! It is thanks to my magic that the rebellion was suppressed!”</p>

      <p><em>Damn, she’s snapped! She has a really short temper.</em></p>

      <p>“Th-The Priestess of the Moon!”</p>

      <p>“S-Seize her!”</p>

      <p>“How? We can’t touch her!”</p>

      <p>“She sure is beautiful...”</p>

      <p>“Almost otherworldly...”</p>

      <p>In moments, we’d been surrounded by soldiers. Had she already charmed some of them? They gradually grew closer to stop her from escaping.</p>

      <p>However, Princess Noelle raised a hand to stop them. “I will say this—she is the reason that the brainwashing curse was removed... It was all thanks to Furiae.”</p>

      <p>“Wh...at...?”</p>

      <p>“Really?”</p>

      <p>“So...we should let her go?”</p>

      <p>The soldiers and nobles alike stirred in shock.</p>

      <p>“I proclaim here, by my name, Princess Noelle, that Highland will forget its past enmity and work with the Priestess of the Moon to defeat the Great Demon Lord.”</p>

      <p>Her face looked calm as she made her proclamation, but she hadn’t been entirely certain when we’d explained the plan yesterday... Eventually, she’d ended up capitulating to Sakurai’s persuasion, but she’d been against it to begin with.</p>

      <p>Why did Highlanders hate Furiae so much?</p>

      <p>“Impossible! How can you say that?!”</p>

      <p>“Princess Noelle, you cannot make such decisions without His Majesty being present!”</p>

      <p>“This is clearly illegal! Even you cannot get away with this!”</p>

      <p><em>That sounded like the princes and prime minister,</em> I thought. The five Sacred Nobles were just watching calmly.</p>

      <p>“Father—His Majesty the King of Highland—has already assented to this. This is a document to that effect,” Princess Noelle said, exaggeratedly pulling out a piece of paper.</p>

      <p>“His Majesty agreed?!”</p>

      <p>“Impossible! He has said nothing of that!”</p>

      <p>“How can you claim that?!”</p>

      <p>Not everyone seemed on board, but if the king had already given the okay, things would probably be fine. Honestly, I was shocked that she’d managed to arrange all that in a single evening.</p>

      <p>When I glanced over, I saw that Furiae was wearing a pout and had folded her arms, while Sakurai was looking on worriedly. I met his eyes—neither of us had a say in politics like this.</p>

      <p>“I trust that will be all,” Owain said, projecting his voice over everyone’s complaints. “Symphonia is currently being approached by a vast array of monsters. We need to repel them first.”</p>

      <p>At those words, everyone fell silent. <em>Nice one, commander!</em></p>

      <p>I’d just started to relax as everyone shut up, but then Owain approached <em>me</em>. “There are blighted beasts with the monsters. Even among Highland’s knights, very few soldiers have ever fought against them. I would greatly welcome the cooperation of you heroes.”</p>

      <p><em>Gah, so that’s what he wanted...</em> I honestly didn’t mind.</p>

      <p>“That sounds entertaining,” the Grandsage commented, hopping up onto my shoulder and joining the conversation. “I will join as well.”</p>

      <p>“You will join the battle personally?!” Owain asked in shock. “Do you not need to preserve your strength until the Great Demon Lord’s return?”</p>

      <p>Oh, so that was why? I <em>had</em> wondered why she’d refrained from taking a frontline position.</p>

      <p>“I will be supporting. My apprentice will be fighting. Isn’t that right, Redhead Mage?”</p>

      <p>“Wha? M-Me?” Lucy asked in shock.</p>

      <p>Wait, Lucy was her apprentice?</p>

      <p>“She’s the great-granddaughter of Johnnie from Springrogue, and the Crimson Witch’s daughter. I personally guarantee her abilities.”</p>

      <p>The Highland soldiers all cheered. That was a nice reaction, and all from mentions of her great-grandfather and mother’s names. Apparently, her mother was a famous mage, and they’d certainly recognized the names.</p>

      <p>But...</p>

      <p>“Are you okay?” I asked Lucy quietly.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah. I’ve managed to get my proficiency up, more or less...” That hesitancy was making me worry.</p>

      <p>“We’ll be helping too,” I told her. “Right, Sasa?”</p>

      <p>“Yup! Good luck, Lu!”</p>

      <p>“Your Grace, Archdukes, I am temporarily taking command of the Temple Knights and the Four Cardinal Knights,” the commander in chief told them. Owain then assigned groups of soldiers to each location.</p>

      <p>The north gate would be manned by the Soleil Knights (the first and second divisions, at least), the North Cardinal Knights, and the Heroes of Roses (including me).</p>

      <p>The south gate would have the Soleil Knights (third and fourth divisions), the South Cardinal Knights, and the Grandsage, plus her apprentice (Lucy).</p>

      <p>The east gate would have the Soleil Knights (fifth and sixth divisions), the East Cardinal Knights, and the Temple Knights.</p>

      <p>The west gate would have the Soleil Knights (seventh division), the West Cardinal Knights, and the Hero of Light.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, hang on a minute.</em></p>

      <p>“I’m at a different gate than Lucy?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“What? No way!” Lucy said, meeting my glance.</p>

      <p>“Are you going to come with us as well then, Elementalist?” the Grandsage said, her tone inviting.</p>

      <p><em>H-Hmm...</em> I glanced toward Princess Sophia and Prince Leonardo. We made up the Heroes of Roses, so only I would be separating off. And, most importantly...</p>

      <p>“Leo...be careful,” Princess Sophia said worriedly.</p>

      <p>“I-I will!” he replied, even more nervously.</p>

      <p>“We will protect Prince Leonardo! Am I understood, you louts?!” the geezer bellowed.</p>

      <p>“Yessir!” his subordinates responded.</p>

      <p><em>I’m worried about him...</em> I thought. Back in Horn, he’d been overrun by a single blight monster.</p>

      <p>“No, I’ll stick to the north,” I decided. “By the way, where’s the Hero of Lightning going?”</p>

      <p>“Gerald...vanished while under house arrest,” Archduke Ballantine—his father—answered with a sour look.</p>

      <p><em>Come on, Gerald, where’d you go?! It’s your time to shine!</em></p>

      <p>“I heard that Highland had three other heroes...” I said, trailing off.</p>

      <p>“The others are currently away from the capital carrying out other duties. You are the only heroes present...”</p>

      <p>“I-I see...”</p>

      <p>If we were backed by the strongest military on the continent, we’d be fine! Well...probably.</p>

      <p>“To your posts,” Owain commanded. “Godspeed.” He would apparently be taking command of everyone from the castle.</p>

      <p>With those final words ringing in our ears, each of us headed off toward our own battlefields.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Symphonia — North Gate ◇</p>

      <p>A dust cloud was approaching the city. The ground shook. A swarm of huge monsters trudged forward as one, kicking up dust in their wake as they moved toward the north gate. According to the reports, there were around five thousand of them.</p>

      <p>The Soleil Knights, the North Cardinal Knights, and the allied forces of Roses were waiting to face the onslaught—it would be around ten minutes before we met.</p>

      <p>As our troops marched to the north gate, the various commanders introduced themselves.</p>

      <p>“I am Ortho, leader of the first division of the Soleil Knights. Well met, Heroes of Roses.”</p>

      <p>“Leader of the second division, Stora. Let us fight together.”</p>

      <p>“I am Berg, sub-leader of the North Cardinal knights. Good to meet you.”</p>

      <p>We Heroes of Roses then gave our own introductions.</p>

      <p>“I’m Leonardo, first prince of Roses and the Hero of Ice and Snow. It’s good to meet you.”</p>

      <p>“I’m Makoto Takatsuki, the Hero of Roses,” I added to round things out...even as I felt somewhat overwhelmed by the other burly leaders.</p>

      <p>I glanced around and noticed that someone was glaring my way. She was a beautiful knight clad in golden armor, with blonde hair and slanted eyes. I was sure that this was the first time we’d met, but she looked somewhat familiar.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, she’s coming over here.</em></p>

      <p>“I am the commander of the first pegasus division, Janet Ballantine,” she stated coldly. “I hear you were involved with my brother recently.”</p>

      <p>“Umm...”</p>

      <p><em>Oh, she’s the Hero of Lightning’s little sister! They look just like each other!</em></p>

      <p><em>Uh, wait...that means the North Cardinal Knights...</em></p>

      <p>I remembered the sub-leader apologizing and explaining that Gerald, the North Cardinal Knights’ commander, would normally be here... So these were <em>his</em> knights! It almost felt like their frigid gazes lowered the temperature of the air by a few degrees when they looked at me.</p>

      <p><em>Owain, why?! Why would you put us here?! Is this bullying?! Is it?! Ugh, this is awkward...</em></p>

      <p>There was no more conversation as we traveled.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ In Front of the North Gate ◇</p>

      <p>The monsters weren’t approaching quickly but were taking their time with an inexorable advance. Perhaps it was due to some mage controlling them, but all of the monsters seemed uncomfortably orderly.</p>

      <p>It was like...they were conserving energy so they could rampage at the gate.</p>

      <p>“They’re getting closer, Makoto...” Prince Leonardo murmured, face pallid. He was shivering slightly.</p>

      <p>“There is nothing to fear!” exclaimed the bodyguard. “The monsters number only around five thousand! Our forces are greater than ten thousand strong!”</p>

      <p>Well, the geezer certainly seemed energetic. Actually, he was officially a guardian knight as well, wasn’t he? Maybe I could ask him about the ins and outs of being one.</p>

      <p>“Why are you getting high and mighty?” someone sneered, mocking the geezer. “You’re just knights from a piddling kingdom.”</p>

      <p>“That’s right, don’t get in our way.”</p>

      <p>“It’s not like your soldiers will be any help, is it?” cackled a third voice.</p>

      <p>I looked up to see who’d spoken.</p>

      <p><em>The pegasus division?</em></p>

      <p>A group of female knights was centered around that Janet woman from earlier, and they were all riding pegasi. They were all beautiful, and that combined with the grace of the pegasi, well...it looked like they could have been a painting come to life.</p>

      <p><em>But...</em></p>

      <p><em>They don’t seem like the nicest of people. I’d rather stay away from them.</em></p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto of Roses, I trust you will prove that your defeat of my brother was no mere fluke,” Janet said harshly. I’d just have to ignore her... It wasn’t like I could do anything about it.</p>

      <p>“Do we have any strategy?” I asked, turning toward Ortho.</p>

      <p>“According to the scouts, the group approaching us contains no blight monsters,” he replied.</p>

      <p>“Oh, so they’re just a diversion?”</p>

      <p><em>Phew, no strong monsters here.</em></p>

      <p>“It would seem so. Do not let your guard down, though.”</p>

      <p>“We will have the mages bombard the monsters before they arrive,” declared someone else.</p>

      <p>“Indeed,” confirmed the commander. “We believe that we should be able to almost halve their numbers with magical attacks alone.”</p>

      <p>I let out an impressed noise. Around us, there were more than a thousand mages all chanting spells. From what I could hear, they were all high rank as well. That should make a good initial salvo. And the monsters were all grouped together, so it seemed like it’d be effective.</p>

      <p><em>I still would’ve rather been near the ocean,</em> I thought.</p>

      <p>There weren’t many water elementals here. But the gate closest to the ocean was where the Snake Sect’s main forces would attack, so Highland had directed the most firepower there. In other words...</p>

      <p>Just as I was musing, my eyes were scorched by a bright flash. I peered back and could see a huge cross of light shining in the sky by the western gate.</p>

      <p>“That would be the Hero of Light,” commented a Soleil Knight.</p>

      <p>“His legendary <em>Sword of Light</em> skill is always overwhelming.”</p>

      <p>“There must have been a blight monster...”</p>

      <p>I listened to their commentary. Sakurai’s skills were all so flashy. However, it looked like the bulk of the enemies <em>were</em> on that side.</p>

      <p>“It seems that the battle has started at the western gate.”</p>

      <p>“The fighting will reach us soo—hm?”</p>

      <p>The chatter was suddenly cut off by a screech similar to the cry of a keening raptor.</p>

      <p>“What is that?!” The geezer pointed toward a huge bird made of fire that’d just appeared. It soared in the air near the southern gate.</p>

      <p>“A fire phoenix... That’s <em>Fire Magic (King Rank).</em> I’m shocked we have someone capable of it,” commented a Soleil Knight. I was surprised too.</p>

      <p>But then...I recognized the feeling of the mana in that spell.</p>

      <p>It was Lucy.</p>

      <p>“She can use king rank magic now...”</p>

      <p>The battle hadn’t even started, but my eyes were already watering. Back in Macallan, I’d spent a long time training Lucy’s fire magic with her. I’d honestly started to think of her king rank skill as more of a fashion accessory than anything else. Since then, she’d grown so much...</p>

      <p>Sometime soon, I’d have to get her to demonstrate up close.</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s Lucy’s spell?!” the prince asked in shock.</p>

      <p>“Incredible!” the guardian geezer added.</p>

      <p>Sasa was with her too—I’d felt bad about leaving Lucy on her own, even if she was with the Grandsage.</p>

      <p>“A mage from Roses? Hm...impressive.” Even the sub-leader of the North Cardinal Knights was impressed. Hearing praise heaped on my friend certainly put me in a good mood, but something was worrying me.</p>

      <p>“The weather cleared up...” I complained.</p>

      <p>I wasn’t sure if it was because of Sakurai’s skill or Lucy’s spell, but the rain I’d gotten the Grandsage to conjure was now gone. There were still clouds, but the drizzle had stopped.</p>

      <p>Would I be able to use my water magic? I looked back at the approaching monsters and could see their large forms distantly.</p>

      <p>“They’re here,” I said.</p>

      <p>“Indeed,” replied a commander with a nod.</p>

      <p>Then, my <em>RPG Player</em> skill activated.</p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p>The choice was a disconcerting one.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Will you fight the ancient monsters?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Ancient<em>, huh? That...worries me.</em></p>

      <p>“Does anyone here have an <em>Appraisal</em> skill? Ultra rank if possible,” I called, looking around at the various knights.</p>

      <p>“I do, Hero,” someone answered with a raised hand. They looked like a mage.</p>

      <p>“What more do you need to know?” The pegasus division had started up their jeering again. “Are you scared, Hero of Roses?”</p>

      <p>“Perhaps the monsters have made him lose his nerve.”</p>

      <p>I ignored them and spoke to the mage. “Can you check to see if any of the monsters are ancient...over a thousand years old?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“You think there are ancient monsters in the group?”</p>

      <p>“Probably...” I muttered.</p>

      <p>“Wait a moment.” Everyone’s attention was gathered on the mage and me. After what felt like ages, the mage spoke again. Their voice was shaking. “I-I’ve confirmed it.”</p>

      <p>“So?” asked one of the soldiers. “Are there?”</p>

      <p>“Are you quaking in your boots there, little her—”</p>

      <p>“They all are!” the mage interrupted.</p>

      <p>Everyone collectively emitted a shocked gasp.</p>

      <p><em>Ack, damn it... All of them?</em> Monsters a millennium old...they’ll definitely be stronger than the norm.</p>

      <p>“Every single one... All of them. The five thousand monsters coming toward us are all remnant beasts from a thousand years ago!” exclaimed the mage.</p>

      <p>“I-Impossible...”</p>

      <p>“It cannot be!”</p>

      <p>Everyone’s expressions changed completely.</p>

      <p><em>Uh...are we in more trouble than I thought? Isaac, you schemer!</em></p>

      <p>“Mages, fire now!” Several thousand flashes of light burst into being at Ortho’s command. The spells struck the monsters, causing blasts and detonations. “Start your next spells immediately!” he commanded. “Our enemies are all ancient monsters! This wave alone will not defeat them!”</p>

      <p>I might’ve been imagining things...but the roar of the approaching monsters seemed to almost answer the commander’s words. The beasts burst forward through the initial blast of spells, and...</p>

      <p>I couldn’t even see a single corpse?! What happened to defeating <em>half</em> of them? Though, I suppose that calculation must have been based on the strength of normal monsters.</p>

      <p>“Can we win?” I asked the sub-leader.</p>

      <p>“With our current forces...likely not. I have called for reinforcements.” His voice was tense but calm. If he’d called for backup, then there was only one thing we could do.</p>

      <p>“Let’s buy some time,” I said. “Prince Leonardo, give me your hand.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right! Hyah!” he yelped girlishly. Even though I felt bad, I carried on.</p>

      <p>“<em>Synchro.</em> Also, elementals, lend me your strength!” I called, combining the mana from the prince and the elementals. “<em>Ice Magic: Ice wall!</em>”</p>

      <p>There was a rumbling as I generated a wall of ice—it rose up between us and the monsters, as thick and tall as I could make it.</p>

      <p>“W-Wow.”</p>

      <p>“H-He created a wall of that size without even chanting.”</p>

      <p>“So much mana.”</p>

      <p>The knights all stirred, but my barrier would only buy us time.</p>

      <p>“Earth mages! Reinforce that wall!”</p>

      <p>“Those at the wall, kill the monsters as they reach it!”</p>

      <p>“Mages, fire your next volley past the wall! Keep firing until you’re out of mana!”</p>

      <p>With those commands, violent combat began on both ends of the wall. The mages rained down magic beyond it. But then...</p>

      <p>“Griffins!”</p>

      <p>“Wyverns too!”</p>

      <p>Flying monsters had started rushing over the wall! They weren’t like any wyverns or griffins I’d ever seen before—their bodies were entirely pitch-black, and of course, over a thousand years old!</p>

      <p><em>Right, let’s do this!</em> I thought, readying my dagger.</p>

      <p>“Listen! Protect the heroes! We cannot lose them to a battle like this!”</p>

      <p>“Sir!”</p>

      <p><em>Uh? Hang on, what?</em></p>

      <p>The Soleil Knights had suddenly taken up a formation around the prince and me.</p>

      <p>“Princess Noelle gave the orders. We are to prioritize Sir Leonardo and your own lives as heroes of another nation,” someone explained.</p>

      <p>“Is this really the time for that?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Thanks to you, we know about their ancient status ahead of time, and you created defenses as well. The rest is up to us!”</p>

      <p>“Please, fall back.” Even the sub-leader implored us to do so, and he stood in front to shield us.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The knights were fighting, but they were falling one after another.</p>

      <p>Each of the monsters was uncommonly tough, and even when one seemed defeated, it would stand back up again. The ice wall holding them back was starting to crack, and I could hear huge thuds of monsters ramming into it from the other side.</p>

      <p><em>If it breaks, the land-bound monsters will attack en masse...</em></p>

      <p>We were on the ropes already... It would spell our doom if we were overrun like that.</p>

      <p>“Look up!” someone screamed.</p>

      <p>“A red dragon!”</p>

      <p>Above us, a knight riding a pegasus was locked in fierce combat with a flying dragon.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Ice Spear!</em>”</p>

      <p>Just before it could close its teeth around her, I fired a spear into its eye.</p>

      <p>The beast roared in anguish.</p>

      <p>“Thank you!” the pegasus knight shouted down at me.</p>

      <p>“It’s still coming!” I yelled back. I’d only distracted it, and the dragon’s roar had transitioned to an angrier tone as it readied its fire breath. “<em>Water Magic: Ice Spear!</em>” I yelled.</p>

      <p>Using the last of my mana, I pierced its other eye.</p>

      <p>The dragon’s fire breath seared across the sky...away from the knight.</p>

      <p><em>Elementals...elementals... </em>I chanted in my mind.</p>

      <p>But there was no response. Water elementals preferred peace, so they probably hated the chaos of a battlefield. There weren’t many of them here to begin with, and now, I couldn’t hear any. Conjuring the wall had used up all the mana I’d borrowed.</p>

      <p><em>What should I do?</em> The monsters weren’t decreasing in number, and they pressed ever on. Even with <em>Calm Mind</em> dialed up, I was getting uneasy and twitchy.</p>

      <p>But then, I heard something.</p>

      <p><em>Sun Magic: Thunderbolt!</em></p>

      <p>A massive bolt of lightning struck the red dragon, knocking it and some adjacent wyverns from the sky. Wind buffeted us.</p>

      <p><em>The Grandsage?!</em></p>

      <p>“You call yourselves the strongest Cardinal Knights in Highland?! Look alive!” shouted a gleaming figure. He wore golden armor and had shining blond hair. His aura made him look like a living lightning bolt as he strode forward.</p>

      <p>It was Gerald, the Hero of Lightning.</p>

      <p><em>Perfect timing! The hero’s always late, after all.</em></p>

      <p>“Yes, Sir Gerald!” the Cardinal Knights roared in unison. The Soleil Knights looked relieved as well. We were counterattacking then?</p>

      <p>Suddenly, the ice wall broke with a sharp <em>crack!</em> Monsters poured in through the fissures.</p>

      <p>“Take this, you beasts!” Gerald leaped into the fray, then headed directly to the spot where the monsters had breached the wall.</p>

      <p>Whoa, was he pulling a kamikaze run?! He sure was a hero.</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto,” stammered Prince Leonardo, “does Gerald know that they are ancient monsters from a millennium ago?”</p>

      <p>I suddenly realized the severity of the circumstances, and the commander by my side seemed to as well. “Ah...” we said simultaneously.</p>

      <p><em>D-Damn it, we have to warn him!</em></p>

      <p>“Hey, Gerald!” I yelled.</p>

      <p>“Lord Gerald!” called Ortho.</p>

      <p>“Drop dead!” Apparently, in the midst of his charge, Gerald couldn’t hear us. He kicked up dust as he rushed the monsters.</p>

      <p><em>Uh, he’ll be okay, right? </em>I looked worriedly over in his direction, but I could see the golden knight fighting energetically.</p>

      <p>“Oh, they’re pretty strong!” he cried out as he sliced through beasts.</p>

      <p>Phew, guess he was safe. Every time he swung his crackling (and probably) magic sword, enemies were torn apart and scorched. Even these ancient monsters were no match for him.</p>

      <p>“He seems okay!” I shouted.</p>

      <p>“Indeed! That’s our Hero of Lightning!”</p>

      <p>The Soleil Knights breathed a sigh of relief as well, but not everything was solved.</p>

      <p>“Aid Sir Gerald!”</p>

      <p>“Brother!”</p>

      <p>The sub-leader and the pegasus division, led by Gerald’s younger sister, all rushed to assist him. It was a good thing too—the burden of slaying ancient monsters would have been too much for the Hero of Lightning alone.</p>

      <p>“Mages! Cover fire!” ordered the leader of the second division.</p>

      <p>“Sir! The mages are beginning to run out of mana!”</p>

      <p>“Curses. The knights and clerics are still hanging on, but...”</p>

      <p>The knights were covered in a violent aura, but the clerics supporting them from behind looked exhausted. Fatigue infused Symphonia’s defenders. In comparison, the monsters were throwing their all into the attack. That must be how monsters act when controlled... It certainly wasn’t one of the nicer tactics that the Snake Sect had used.</p>

      <p><em>Where do we even go from here?</em> I wondered.</p>

      <p>I glanced at Prince Leonardo to find him staring back in worry. “M-Makoto...at this rate...”</p>

      <p><em>We’ll be overrun before reinforcements arrive.</em> If the gate fell, then hundreds of citizens would die. I could feel eyes on me. The Soleil Knights and Roses’s troops were all looking our way.</p>

      <p><em>They think we should be able to do something because we’re heroes, huh? Actually, is this how Sakurai feels all the time?</em></p>

      <p>I didn’t cope well with attention, and Sakurai managed to fulfill the role of the savior’s reincarnation. We’d need to go out for a drink at some point. Before that, though, I needed to deal with the problem in front of us.</p>

      <p><em>What can I do?</em> I asked myself, setting <em>Calm Mind</em> to 99%.</p>

      <p>I was out of my own mana, and it would take some time before I could use the elementals again. Prince Leonardo didn’t have much mana left either, so I couldn’t borrow any more from him.</p>

      <p>If Princess Sophia were here—no, the battlefield is no place for a princess. I shouldn’t rely on things I can’t have.</p>

      <p>Something... Anything... Just some kind of trump card.</p>

      <p>“Elementals, help me,” I said, unconsciously slipping into their language and reaching a hand out. There was a little blue elemental floating in front of me, and it flew right through my hand. Guess I couldn’t touch them. I’d considered using <em>Synchro </em>with the elementals, but that wouldn’t happen if I couldn’t actually hold onto them...</p>

      <p>“If there’s anything...anything I can do, I’ll do it,” I pleaded in the same language, arm still outstretched.</p>

      <p>There was no answer.</p>

      <p>Just as I slumped in defeat, I heard something.</p>

      <p><em>“Hey, do you need a hand?”</em> a voice murmured into my ear.</p>

      <p>This...wasn’t the usual childish voice that the elementals spoke in. I turned around to see a beautiful girl with completely blue skin. With one glance, I could tell that she wasn’t a real person.</p>

      <p>“An elemental?” I asked after a pause. I’d never seen one that looked so...human.</p>

      <p>She almost looked like Noah.</p>

      <p>“You have a familiar scent,” she said in the language of the elementals.</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>But the elemental in the form of a girl didn’t answer—she placed her palm in mine, engulfing my hand in a chill.</p>

      <p><em>Sh-She’s touching me? Can I use</em> Synchro<em> with her?</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ The Hero of Lightning’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>I didn’t know how many monsters I’d cut down. When I hit the tenth, I stopped bothering to count. I just wanted to focus on defeating them.</p>

      <p>“Sir Gerald!”</p>

      <p>“Brother!”</p>

      <p>My Cardinal Knights and my younger sister were coming to offer reinforcements.</p>

      <p>“Don’t get too close!” I yelled. “Focus on support!” I was currently fighting them, so I knew that these were no ordinary monsters. Even an average, higher-tier knight would be no match for them.</p>

      <p>As I fought, I glanced around to get a perspective of the battlefield. I saw that the Cardinal Knights were fighting in the center and the Soleil Knights were off to the sides. The pegasus division and the mages were attacking the flying monsters.</p>

      <p><em>But...it’s not going well.</em></p>

      <p>We were being steadily overrun. I cast a sidelong look at the hero from Roses.</p>

      <p><em>What are you playing at?! Use the spell that defeated me!</em></p>

      <p>However, he didn’t show any sign of casting.</p>

      <p>“Damn it! That coward!” Was he scared of these things?!</p>

      <p>I’d just redirected my attention back to the monsters when suddenly, it happened. An overwhelming chill enveloped me, snaking up my back. I froze.</p>

      <p>I remembered fighting a dragon when I was young.</p>

      <p>I remembered challenging that old hag and getting trounced.</p>

      <p>I remembered an otherworlder showing up and stealing my childhood friend and fiancée.</p>

      <p>The chilly, dreadful sensation was similar to what I’d felt during those moments in my life. I whirled around.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What in the world?”</p>

      <p>“Magic...?”</p>

      <p>“R-Run! We’ll get caught up in it!”</p>

      <p>The knights at the north gate were in a panic, and as I turned, I could see why.</p>

      <p>A giant was breaking the skyline...one made of water.</p>

      <p>“What...in...the...”</p>

      <p>The soldiers weren’t the only ones scared of it—even the monsters seemed terrified. The giant looked down at us before slowly swinging a massive arm at the ground in front of it.</p>

      <p>“Ahhh!”</p>

      <p>“H-Help!”</p>

      <p>“W-We’re gonna die... Wait?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing happened?”</p>

      <p>The blow had looked like an indiscriminate attack, but in the end, it had only struck the monsters. In one swipe, the giant’s water limbs engulfed the enemies on the ground and those in the sky. They were trying to escape, but it looked like they couldn’t. An impressive spell...</p>

      <p>Everyone watched agape. When the giant seemed to contain all the monsters within its watery form, it pivoted and began to lumber toward the sea.</p>

      <p>I turned toward our dazed soldiers and spotted the familiar brat. Immediately, I dashed over to him. “You! Did the Hero of Roses cast that?!” I shouted.</p>

      <p>“He did!” the kid confirmed with sparkling eyes. “It was Makoto!” He seemed overjoyed.</p>

      <p>“And you’re okay with that?” I asked, scoffing. “He’ll end up as Roses’s representative hero at this rate.”</p>

      <p>“Makoto is amazing!” The Hero of Ice and Snow had a face flushed like a maiden, and I didn’t feel like pressing him any further.</p>

      <p>“Tch, if he could do that, he should have done so from the start...” I felt like an idiot for rushing over.</p>

      <p>“Oh,” commented a voice from behind me. Out of nowhere, someone had suddenly appeared. “So the reinforcements have arrived, but for what? The battle is already over.”</p>

      <p>“Grandsage!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t just appear, old hag,” I said.</p>

      <p>“What was that?” she replied, hitting me. <em>Oww.</em> “What an ill-mannered student you are. That spell is strange, though.”</p>

      <p>She was looking upon the giant with admiration.</p>

      <p>“What the hell is it?” I asked. I could only feel a piddling pool of mana coming from the hero, so how’d he do it?</p>

      <p>“I don’t know,” replied the Grandsage.</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p><em>Don’t lie—you know everything.</em></p>

      <p>“It’s like the elemental magic that Johnnie used...” she continued, “but I cannot use it myself.”</p>

      <p>“And your only point of comparison is the legendary mage Johnnie Walker?” That was one of her party members from a thousand years ago. Saying that this spell was similar to his magic... Those otherworlders were all the same.</p>

      <p>“Gerald. The elementalist is probably out of control. Go help him,” the Grandsage instructed.</p>

      <p>“What?” What the hell did she mean? Earlier, his attack had only hit the monsters. How was that <em>not </em>in control?</p>

      <p>“The giant is swaying,” she explained. “He might not be using the magic consciously. It’s dangerous for him. He pushed himself too far to help you Highlanders.”</p>

      <p>“Tch...” For real? <em>That</em> was unconscious? Don’t screw with me.</p>

      <p>“Off you go,” she said, kicking me in the back.</p>

      <p>“Ow, you damn hag!” I yelled back. But I followed her direction, using flight magic to pursue the giant. What a pain!</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>The monsters were all suspended in the water that made up the giant’s body. I didn’t know what I would do with them now, but I’d decided to take them out to sea.</p>

      <p><em>I feel awful...</em></p>

      <p>Things felt strange, like when I’d had too much to drink. This was the first time it’d happened to me, but at least I knew <em>what</em> was happening—I was manasick, drunk on mana, like Lucy was quite often. Plus, there was a gorgeous elemental next to me.</p>

      <p><em>“Are you having fun?”</em> she giggled. The cute, blue-skinned elemental smiled at me. She’d told me her name earlier: Arch Elemental of Water, Undyne.</p>

      <p>Essentially, she seemed to like me, so she’d helped. I was currently <em>Synchro</em>’d with her, and mana gushed forth from her form like water. Elementals possessed infinite mana...or something. It wasn’t like Princess Sophia or Prince Leonardo where there was a limit; with Undyne, I didn’t know when to stop. I was heading toward the sea, and after that, what would I do...?</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>