<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: Makoto Takatsuki Is Called to Highland Castle</h1>

      <p>The Room of Silver Wings was not on the top floor of Highland Castle, but the one just below it. The highest floor was reserved only for royalty, so this room was the best place for non-royal people of high status to gather.</p>

      <p>“Uh, Princess Sophia, who is everyone again?” I asked in a whisper.</p>

      <p>“I will say this once more, Hero Makoto,” she replied equally quietly, murmuring a list of names to me:</p>

      <ul>
        <li>The first prince of Highland, Gaius Highland.</li>

        <li>The second prince, Juliano Highland.</li>

        <li>The second princess, Cardinal in the Church of the Sun Goddess, Noelle Althena Highland.</li>

        <li>Pope Roma Bolgia of the Church of the Sun Goddess.</li>

        <li>Head of the Eastern Domain, Archduke Micheal Roland.</li>

        <li>Head of the Western Domain, Archduke Marco Whitehouse.</li>

        <li>Head of the Southern Domain, Archduke Lorenzo Baileys.</li>

        <li>Head of the Northern Domain, Archduke Bartolomeo Ballantine.</li>

        <li>Prime Minister Vittorio Whiteheather.</li>

        <li>Commander in chief of the Soleil Knights, Owain Bladnoch.</li>
      </ul>

      <p>Those were all the leaders of Highland, and everyone was gathered around a massive round table.</p>

      <p>“Have you got it?” she asked quietly.</p>

      <p>“Sorry...not a chance, Princess.”</p>

      <p>“Very well,” she replied with a sigh, then giggled slightly. “I will tell you again later.”</p>

      <p>I’d never be able to remember all of them. I glanced over the assembly again, and the nobles didn’t look in the greatest of moods.</p>

      <p>“Where is His Majesty?” asked Archduke something-or-other as he rested his chin on a hand.</p>

      <p>“His Majesty is not well, so he will be absent from today’s meeting,” the prime minister guy answered.</p>

      <p>“Again? That is a concern, king or not.”</p>

      <p>“The only other person missing is...the Grandsage. As ever, I suppose.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, the Grandsage was constantly playing hooky.</p>

      <p>“Did you have something to say that warranted taking up our precious time, Noelle?” asked the first prince. There was an implicit “get started” in his tone that went unspoken, but not unheard.</p>

      <p>Honestly, though, that felt like a harsh thing to say to his own sister.</p>

      <p>“I would have Princess Sophia explain,” Princess Noelle replied.</p>

      <p>“Ah, I had wondered who was sitting off to the side over there,” one of the archdukes commented disinterestedly. “Now I see it is a pretty little princess from some minor state.”</p>

      <p>“You mustn’t be so disdainful. That minor nation’s State-Authorized Hero defeated a hero of Highland, after all,” another person added with a chuckle.</p>

      <p>“Do you wish to say something, Lord Marco?”</p>

      <p>“Not at all, Lord Bartolomeo. How <em>is</em> your son, incidentally?”</p>

      <p>“Tch...”</p>

      <p>Lord Ballantine was glaring our way. Princess Sophia kept a completely blank and composed expression, which was pretty impressive. On the other hand,<em> I</em> could practically feel an ulcer coming on, and frankly, I just wanted to go home. How’d this end up happening?</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Several Hours Earlier ◇</p>

      <p>Fujiyan, Nina, and Princess Sophia were at the inn when we got back. Lucy was probably with the Grandsage...? Either way, Fujiyan rushed over to Sasa and me.</p>

      <p>“Hi again, Fujiyan.”</p>

      <p>“My esteemed Tackie!” he exclaimed. “We have found the ringleader of the rebellion.”</p>

      <p>“Already?!” Sasa exclaimed in shock.</p>

      <p>Yeah, it was pretty fast. I’d heard from Noah, but Fujiyan’s information gathering capabilities were impressive.</p>

      <p>“Lord Fujiwara is a capable man,” Princess Sophia added.</p>

      <p>“How come you’re here, Princess?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“My attendance was requested at Highland Castle later, and I decided it would be worth confirming the latest information in regards to the rebellion. However, Lord Fujiwara has gathered far more information than my sources have managed to collect. Incidentally, Hero Makoto, Aya Sasaki, I was told that you had both ventured into the ninth district. Were you in danger?”</p>

      <p>She’d been worried... I could tell from her tone.</p>

      <p>“Nothing real—”</p>

      <p>“It was awful!” Sasa cut across me. “We got chased by guys from the slums, then attacked underground by the undead! And then there was the mafia! Takatsuki wanted to check it out right away!!! Hmph!”</p>

      <p><em>Huh? Actually, we went through quite a bit of trouble, didn’t we?</em></p>

      <p>“What did you just say?” Fujiyan asked.</p>

      <p>“The undead?!”</p>

      <p>“Really’h?!”</p>

      <p>Everyone had something to say about that.</p>

      <p>“There were a bunch of skeletons and zombies in the underground water tunnels,” I said, and then I gave a simple explanation of what’d happened.</p>

      <p>“To think that the tunnels were in such a state...”</p>

      <p>“You met the Castor family capo’h?!”</p>

      <p>“If the spread of weed is so vast...”</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia, Nina, and Fujiyan each had different points from my story that’d shocked them, and Princess Sophia’s facial expression was the most severe.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto, please accompany me to Highland Castle,” she said.</p>

      <p>“What? But I wanted to get something to eat...”</p>

      <p>“This information is something that Lady Noelle should hear as soon as possible.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right...”</p>

      <p>And so, I was dragged along to the castle. Everyone else stayed back as we went to the castle to see Princess Noelle.</p>

      <p><em>...I’m hungry,</em> I thought to myself.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Back in the present, Princess Sophia had finished giving an overview to all the nobles at the table.</p>

      <p>“The beastmen and demi-humans are rebelling? Those ignorant animals.”</p>

      <p>“We have been too lax. We should put them all back into slavery at once.”</p>

      <p>“I cannot counsel that, considering the Great Demon Lord’s revival is imminent. There are a great many beastmen and demi-humans in both Springrogue and Great Keith and enslavement will invite objections from them.”</p>

      <p>“It would also have an effect on our Northern Front Plan.”</p>

      <p>So far, I hadn’t said a word, but just vaguely listened to the conversation.</p>

      <p>“The details can be dealt with later—we just need to capture the ringleader and put them to the sword.” That extreme suggestion had come from...Gerald’s father! Like son, like father... They’re both hotheaded. Actually, I guess it’s like father, like son.</p>

      <p>“Whatever their plan, it has yet to be carried out. We have to consider other countries, so perhaps the agitators should instead be indefinitely imprisoned.” The one who’d spoken was a seemingly mild man...the pope. He argued against execution.</p>

      <p>“Does it matter?” The second prince still seemed utterly bored.</p>

      <p>“In either case, we shall use the list Lady Sophia has gathered to apprehend those behind the rebellion so we can interrogate them. Is this acceptable?” There was silence from all, and no one objected to Princess Noelle’s proposal. With a smile, she said, “Then let us continue to the next topic.”</p>

      <p>It seemed like she was chairing the meeting.</p>

      <p>“Undead in the water tunnels...it’s a real nuisance.”</p>

      <p>“Could this perhaps be negligence on the Temple Knights’ part as they protect our capital, Pope Roma?” The unpleasant archduke grinned toward the pope. It was the same one that had provoked Gerald’s dad earlier.</p>

      <p>“I will issue an emergency order for the Temple Knights to survey the tunnels. However, nothing of the like has happened beyond the barrier before. Would you not agree that the root cause is more important?”</p>

      <p>“It will never be discovered so easily.”</p>

      <p>“Not at all—it is simple. Undead are created through necromancy, and necromancy is aligned with the accursed moon. That reminds me...was someone not responsible for allowing the Priestess of the Moon to escape recently?”</p>

      <p>“That would imply a connection between the priestess and the Snake Sect and—” The first prince had lost his composure. <em>Was it his fault then? </em>“—her escape means a loss of everything.”</p>

      <p>“A Temple Knight has given a report that they had contact with her the other day in the sixth district. It seems unlikely that she is connected with the events in the tunnels.”</p>

      <p>“I wonder about that. Incidentally, how is said Temple Knight?”</p>

      <p>“The curse cannot be broken. They are currently being treated.”</p>

      <p>“Lady Sophia,” I murmured, “what does she mean?”</p>

      <p>“The Priestess of the Moon,” she replied, “is proficient in darkness and curse magic. I will explain the details later.”</p>

      <p><em>Hmm, dark magic. I’m kinda interested... It’s so cool.</em></p>

      <p>“Now, now, the undead are not <em>necessarily</em> related to her. The issue, however, is how strong those undead are.”</p>

      <p>“For that, I would ask Hero Makoto here to explain,” said Princess Sophia.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, you’re bringing </em>me<em> into this?</em></p>

      <p>For the first time, everyone turned to look at me.</p>

      <p>“Uh, an adventurer companion and I went into the tunnels in the ninth district. We thought there might be some clues there about the Snake Sect, but we only found undead. We defeated fifteen or so, and that was all we encountered.”</p>

      <p>“Fifteen is a lot...” someone commented.</p>

      <p>“And yet two adventurers defeated them, so they must not be a massive problem.”</p>

      <p>“How can you say that?! The hero over there is a strong fighter that defeated even our Hero of Lightning! <em>Any</em> monster would be nothing to him!” proclaimed an archduke.</p>

      <p><em>Come on... Every time Gerald gets brought up his dad glares at me! Can you not? Seriously, could this man </em>be<em> less pleasant?!</em></p>

      <p>“A thousand Temple Knights are currently exterminating the undead within the tunnels. I imagine that they will be defeated imminently.” The pope smiled. He seemed pretty chill.</p>

      <p>“Then all that remains is to capture the priestess.”</p>

      <p>“It is only a matter of time. If we keep up with the inspections, she will be unable to escape the capital.”</p>

      <p>“The weakening of the barrier within the water tunnels is a blind spot we missed. However, we will have to improve it.”</p>

      <p>They’d all gone into chatter mode, so I guessed that my time in the spotlight was finally over.</p>

      <p>“Finally,” Princess Noelle announced, surveying everyone.</p>

      <p>“There’s still more?” the second prince interrupted. “Forget it, just do what you like.” Guess he wanted to go home.</p>

      <p>“There have been reports that the number of monsters in the forest near the capital has increased significantly as of late. Using monsters to attack towns and villages is a favored tactic of the Snake Sect, and one they have recently used in Roses’s capital.”</p>

      <p>“The Snake Sect doesn’t have superior manpower or weapons, so all they can do is use monsters.”</p>

      <p>“That doesn’t make it a bad tactic. Particularly, their recent attacks have used stronger monsters.”</p>

      <p>“Hmph, there is no comparison between the defensive capabilities of Symphonia and Roses’s capital! We currently have the Soleil Knights, the Temple Knights, <em>and</em> the Four Cardinal Knights here. A demon lord is nothing to fear!”</p>

      <p>The second prince sure was confident. Then again, Highland’s combat potential was definitely reassuring.</p>

      <p>“It is unclear whether this plot is connected with the Snake Sect, but we are aware that the group which caused chaos in Horn has pinpointed Symphonia as their next target. Optimism is dangerous.” Princess Noelle turned to face the commander in chief. “Lord Owain, please see to the protection of the capital.” He had thus far remained silent and listening, and only just now offered a word of acknowledgment to the princess’s order.</p>

      <p>“Then I declare this meeting concluded. We offer our thanks to Althena.”</p>

      <p>The meeting was over...and I was exhausted.</p>

      <p>“We will part here, then,” Princess Sophia said with her usual aloof expression. “I must speak with Lady Noelle.”</p>

      <p>But...</p>

      <p><em>She looks kinda tired as well...</em></p>

      <p>I remembered Prince Leonardo asking me to help her. Was there anything I could do to get her some energy back?</p>

      <p>“Princess Sophia?”</p>

      <p>“Yes? What is it?” she asked, turning back to face me. She was gorgeous.</p>

      <p>“Would you like to go out for dinner at some point?”</p>

      <p>“Wha?!”</p>

      <p>“Ah, just if you wan—” I started, trying to placate her, but she immediately grabbed my hand and shushed me.</p>

      <p>“It is a promise.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right...”</p>

      <p>Well, that was certainly a vigorous commitment. Maybe eating some good food would perk her up? I’d have to ask Fujiyan for a good place. She stepped up to the royal level where Princess Noelle was waiting, and then I made my way down the stairs.</p>

      <p><em>Oh yeah, isn’t Lucy training with the Grandsage?</em> I asked myself.</p>

      <p>I’d kept my distance from the Grandsage recently because I didn’t want to end up getting my blood sucked, but maybe I should check that training out.</p>

      <p>“Actually, Lucy probably hasn’t eaten dinner yet...”</p>

      <p>Maybe I could invite her to a tavern somewhere. With a hand on my stomach, I made my way to the Grandsage’s estate. I pushed open the glistening doors of ice and walked into the darkness.</p>

      <p>“Excuuuse me...” I called out.</p>

      <p>I walked into a room and was met by a load of flickering flames, along with flame-colored hair that I could recognize even from behind. I saw that the flames around her weren’t magic, but were candles. There was a puff as a spark flew through the air, causing a new candle to flicker into life.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, around a minute. Not bad,” the Grandsage said in satisfaction. Lucy must have noticed my presence because she turned toward me.</p>

      <p>“Makoto! Did you see?!”</p>

      <p>“Whoa!”</p>

      <p>She’d grabbed onto me. She was as warm as ever.</p>

      <p>“I lit them all without a chant!!!”</p>

      <p>I looked at Lucy’s smiling face and then at the more than twenty candles around us. She’d done that in a minute?!</p>

      <p>“Oh, so you can use chantless spells now, then?” A mage needed over level fifty magic mastery to do that.</p>

      <p>“Barely,” the Grandsage interrupted in exasperation. “We need to do something about using her king rank fire magic at such a low proficiency level.”</p>

      <p>As a skill got stronger, higher proficiency got more important. It made sense—stronger weapons were more difficult to use, after all.</p>

      <p>“Well done, Lucy,” I congratulated her. That had to have taken a lot of effort.</p>

      <p>“Thanks! What’re you doing here, though? Did you come to see me?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I thought I’d see the Grandsage about training as well.” After all, she was the strongest mage on the continent, so it would be a waste not to use her talent.</p>

      <p>“Very well,” chuckled the woman in question. “You know what comes first though, don’t you?”</p>

      <p>She dragged her finger through the air, beckoning me.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah...</em></p>

      <p>“Here,” I said after a sigh, offering my neck to her. She latched on and her sharp fangs gave me a dull ache. I could feel my body getting hotter as she took my blood.</p>

      <p>“How does it taste, Grandsage?” I asked.</p>

      <p>There was no reply, at least verbally. Instead, she lightly smacked the back of my head. Did that mean I tasted good? Another ten seconds or so passed.</p>

      <p>She let out a satisfied sigh before licking her reddened lips. There was an obscenity to the act that didn’t match her young appearance... Actually, it was kinda hot. My heart racing, I faced her again.</p>

      <p>“So, you want some training as well, Elementalist?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, please.” Lucy had gotten way better in just a few days, so I was pretty hopeful.</p>

      <p>“Show me your magic, then. Put out the candles she lit without using an incantation.”</p>

      <p>“Makoto’s magic is so fast, Grandsage!” Lucy exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Then I’ll look forward to it,” she replied with a grin.</p>

      <p><em>Lucy, you don’t need to up the difficulty...</em></p>

      <p>“On my mark then. Now.”</p>

      <p>As she gave the signal, I froze the wicks of all the candles. As they went out, the room was plunged into darkness. Hmm, it took around a second?</p>

      <p>“How’d I do?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Aww, same as always with your stupid fast magic,” Lucy whined. She was used to seeing my magic.</p>

      <p>I glanced toward the Grandsage and saw that she was giving me a puzzled look.</p>

      <p>“You... How did you do that?”</p>

      <p>“Uh? I just cast without chanting.”</p>

      <p>“Did he do something strange, Grandsage?” Lucy asked.</p>

      <p>Neither of us knew why she was surprised.</p>

      <p>“Redheaded elf,” said the Grandsage, “how did you pick your targets when you cast without the chant?”</p>

      <p>“What? Well, I just looked at each one...hang on! Makoto, you...”</p>

      <p>“Elementalist, you extinguished the candles behind you all at once, without focusing on them.”</p>

      <p><em>Oh, that’s what caused their shock.</em></p>

      <p>“It’s just a skill,” I explained. “I can alter my perspective as I like.” I went on to explain the details of my <em>RPG Player</em> skill. It wasn’t particularly suited for combat, but it was convenient because I could avoid blind spots.</p>

      <p>“I see...you used your water magic by channeling it through that skill. Clever. Your precision is also incredible.”</p>

      <p>As she spoke, she snapped her fingers and the candles burst back to life, illuminating the room once more.</p>

      <p>“They don’t call you Grandsage for nothing,” I commented. The magic that I could do seemed like nothing to her.</p>

      <p>“Awww...and it took me more than a minute.”</p>

      <p>Lucy was still feeling down, but her magic used to take longer than three minutes to cast, so she had already made impressive strides in her training.</p>

      <p>“Don’t get discouraged, Redhead. It took me a hundred years to get there,” said the Grandsage.</p>

      <p>Lucy and I both let out noises of confusion.</p>

      <p>“How long have you been learning magic, Elementalist?” asked the Grandsage.</p>

      <p>“Uh, about two years.”</p>

      <p>Her exasperated look and Lucy’s stare seemed to pin me in place. <em>What?</em></p>

      <p>“I mean, I only have <em>Water Magic (Low Rank)</em>.” I couldn’t use any other elements, and I couldn’t increase the rank of my power either, so all I <em>could</em> increase was my proficiency.</p>

      <p>“There should still be a limit... Your mastery right now is...two hundred?”</p>

      <p>“What?! But before, you said it was only one-fifty!” Lucy exclaimed.</p>

      <p>The Grandsage had used her <em>Appraisal</em> to reveal my stat.</p>

      <p>“It went up again,” I argued, defending myself.</p>

      <p>“I-I’ll never catch up...”</p>

      <p>“This is bad. You have already exceeded <em>my </em>mastery level,” griped the Grandsage. “If anything, I want you to teach me how you got it that high.”</p>

      <p>“What?! Teach me <em>something</em> at least!” After all, I’d already lost my blood.</p>

      <p>“Don’t be like that. Do you want some kind of weapon? I cannot give you a national treasure, but I have plenty of valuable weapons lying around.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I’m not that strong, so I can only use a dagger.”</p>

      <p>I showed her the dagger that Noah had given me. Fujiyan had told me that it was on par with a national treasure, so she probably didn’t have anything better.</p>

      <p>“This...is a divine weapon. I have nothing which would compete.” The Grandsage folded her arms and thought. I must have bothered her. She was actually surprisingly conscientious.</p>

      <p>“I’ll ask you for help if I need it,” I suggested.</p>

      <p>“Sorry,” she answered. “Come for help any time.”</p>

      <p>We gave our farewells and then Lucy and I left.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>As we were on our way back to the inn, my stomach started protesting.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Lucy, let’s get some food,” I suggested.</p>

      <p>“Sure, where from?”</p>

      <p><em>Hmm, where indeed?</em> We ended up in a chic bar in the sixth district. I ordered a mutton and vegetable sandwich along with a seafood pasta dish.</p>

      <p>“It’s rare to see you eat this much,” Lucy commented.</p>

      <p>“A lot happened today, and I’m tired.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, what? Come on, tell me,” Lucy wheedled, scooching nearer to my side from her own seat at the bar. She was close...</p>

      <p>I evenly told her about what had happened as if it wasn’t bothering me.</p>

      <p>“That’s about it,” I finished up.</p>

      <p>“Wait... You went to Jean and Emily’s orphanage in the ninth district, searched the underground tunnels, fought the undead, met a mafia capo, and then went to a meeting of the leaders of the country?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Now that I think about it, even more happened...”</p>

      <p>It’d been a busy day.</p>

      <p>“Y-You and Aya did so much adventuring while I was gone...”</p>

      <p>“But it was Fujiyan that found the culprit,” I said.</p>

      <p>“He really is incredible...” Lucy murmured.</p>

      <p>Yep, that’s my friend—OP skill and all.</p>

      <p>“Training’s going well for you though, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah! The Grandsage knows so much about magic. She’s good at teaching too!”</p>

      <p>“Hmm...”</p>

      <p>That was nice. Lucy had the <em>High Wizard</em> skill, as well as <em>Fire Magic (King Rank)</em>, and the best mage on the continent was teaching her.</p>

      <p>“Looks like it was a good idea to learn <em>Serenity </em>and <em>Concentration</em> like you suggested.” she added.</p>

      <p>“That’s good,” I said, listening as I munched on my sandwich.</p>

      <p>She’d spent most of the time practicing casting without an incantation. Apparently, in the dark ages of the Great Demon Lord, there hadn’t been a single mage that took time to chant out spells. Sounds like what you’d expect from someone like the Grandsage with experience from a millennium ago.</p>

      <p>There was a traveling band playing in the bar, and we enjoyed our meal together while listening to them.</p>

      <p>“It feels like it’s been too long since we did this,” Lucy commented with a meaningful look.</p>

      <p>“Why? We see each other every day.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, well, we do, but it’s been a while since we’ve had drinks with just the two of us, hasn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, maybe.”</p>

      <p>Recently, there had been a lot of times we’d had Sasa, Fujiyan, or someone else with us. The last night out between just Lucy and I had probably been before we’d first formed the party with Fujiyan, Sasa, and Nina. Thinking about it made me feel all nostalgic.</p>

      <p>Back when Lucy and I had first teamed up, I hadn’t known what to talk about and I’d been nervous about how beautiful she was. But now, she was a friend that I could talk with really easily. Although...</p>

      <p>“Say, Lucy, it feels like you’re pretty close to me today.”</p>

      <p>It almost felt like her shoulder was always against mine, and she’d been running a finger up and down my arm for a while now. It kinda tickled. Plus, her face was close, although not so close that I could feel her breath on my face.</p>

      <p>“Are you turned on?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Not really,” I lied after a minute. If I was being honest with myself, I hadn’t been able to calm down for a while.</p>

      <p>“Ohhh, that’s weird. I learned this from those Highland noblewomen.”</p>

      <p>“Learned...what?”</p>

      <p>“That this’ll wrap any guy around your little finger.” She giggled.</p>

      <p>So the nobility <em>did</em> use their feminine wiles like that? Fujiyan had said that Chris’d been pretty aggressive before they got engaged. Noble society was scary...</p>

      <p>A bell tolled four times in the distance.</p>

      <p>“What was that?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“The bells of peace,” Lucy replied. “The watch at each of the four gates ring bells to say that there’s nothing wrong.”</p>

      <p>“Oh.” I hadn’t known that.</p>

      <p>“It’s also a signal for shift change for the Temple Knights.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>So it was to mark the difference between the day and night shifts as well. That was practical. The sun had already set, but the capital was still well-lit and not at all dark.</p>

      <p>“Hey, let’s drink some more!” Lucy demanded with a competitive look. She clinked our glasses together.</p>

      <p>I averted my gaze from her cleavage as it entered my eyeline. When I looked back, I offered a warning. “We won’t be able to get up if we drink too much.”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine,” she replied. “I’ve gotten better at holding my drink recently.”</p>

      <p>“Reeeally?” I asked doubtfully. Well, I <em>had</em> done a whole bunch of work today... It couldn’t hurt to let our hair down once in a while.</p>

      <p>“Let’s toast to a day’s hard work,” I said eventually.</p>

      <p>“Right!” She nodded with a smile.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Several hours later, Lucy was complaining that she couldn’t walk.</p>

      <p><em>Come on, you’re wasted!</em></p>

      <p>“We’re staying in the third district, so we need to keep going... Want some water?”</p>

      <p>I would’ve liked to do the manly thing and carry her back, but I was tired too, and honestly, I didn’t have the stamina.</p>

      <p>“Heyyy, Makoto... We’re tired—let’s go there.”</p>

      <p>“Where?”</p>

      <p>I followed her pointing finger to see a gaudy sign in front of an inn.</p>

      <p><em>“Two hours: 4,000 G. The night: 10,000 G.”</em> was written on it.</p>

      <p>Wait...this might be... Well, there was no “might” about it.</p>

      <p><em>It’s a love hotel!</em> Noah cheered.</p>

      <p>So she’d been watching.</p>

      <p><em>Chop chop, time to accept,</em> she answered.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go inside, Makoto,” urged Lucy. “Don’t worry, I won’t do anything.”</p>

      <p>“I’m pretty sure that’s meant to be my line!” I balked.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>