<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>“Hey, won’t you play with me forever?”</em> the girl that looked like Noah offered with an inviting grin. It was a tempting proposition...</p>

      <p>Hmm? Something was coming this way? Who was it?</p>

      <p>Oh. That blond guy with the nasty look. He’d flown into my giant.</p>

      <p>“Get it together!” Gerald yelled, hitting me.</p>

      <p>“Guh!”</p>

      <p>He grabbed hold of my collar and shook me vigorously back to my senses. Suddenly, the giant lost its shape and all the monsters were expelled. Some of them drowned, others swam out into the open sea, and so on. Not one of them headed back toward Highland, though.</p>

      <p>Undyne had vanished.</p>

      <p><em>Should I leave those monsters be?</em> I wondered.</p>

      <p>Most of them had escaped into the water... <em>I could give chase and finish them off,</em> I thought vaguely before my wooly mind made a connection.</p>

      <p><em>Hang on. I’m in midair, aren’t I?</em></p>

      <p>“You!” shouted an angry voice from above me. I peered up and saw Gerald holding me up in the air. “Back with us?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah.” Whoops. Apparently, the Hero of Lightning had come to save me.</p>

      <p>“The hag made me come get you. She said your magic was out of control.”</p>

      <p>“Ack.”</p>

      <p>That was the second time it’d happened. This was bad—I’d be on the Grandsage’s menu again.</p>

      <p>“We’re going back. Can you fly?”</p>

      <p>“I cannot.”</p>

      <p>“Why not?!”</p>

      <p>Flight magic was a mid rank spell. A mage apprentice couldn’t use it.</p>

      <p>“Damn it. Hold on,” he spat, carrying me back toward the shore.</p>

      <p>“Uh, thanks, Sir Gerald.” He <em>was</em> an archduke’s son, so I figured I should be careful with my words. Even if it was a bit late...</p>

      <p>“Don’t bother with the ‘Sir.’”</p>

      <p>“Uh, Mr. Gerald?”</p>

      <p>“Or that. Just use my name.”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t fond of addressing people casually when I wasn’t close with them.</p>

      <p>“Jerry?” I suggested.</p>

      <p>“I’ll kill you.”</p>

      <p><em>Eep.</em></p>

      <p>“Thanks, Gerald.”</p>

      <p>Silence.</p>

      <p><em>He didn’t even respond!</em></p>

      <p>There was no more conversation after that, but he took me to the north gate where the others were waiting.</p>

      <p>“Makoto!” the prince cheered, hugging me.</p>

      <p>“Hero! Your spell was outstanding!” said the guardian geezer. It seemed that he was safe as well.</p>

      <p>“That was splendid, Hero Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“<em>You</em> ended up saving <em>us</em>,” said a pair of Soleil Knights with awkward smiles.</p>

      <p>“Is everyone else okay?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Thanks to you. The heavily wounded have been taken for treatment.”</p>

      <p>That was good news...though I didn’t know how many people we’d lost.</p>

      <p>“Reporting! All four gates have successfully repelled the monsters!”</p>

      <p>“Did you all get that?! We won!”</p>

      <p>In response to their commander, a great cheer rose up from the men.</p>

      <p>Right, guess we finished it. That was good.</p>

      <p>The celebrations continued for a while, and then someone approached me. They wore golden armor and had hair that shined in the same color. He looked at me, and the soldiers of Roses around me, then turned away.</p>

      <p>Uh? Did he not want something?</p>

      <p>“Hero of Roses, you saved the North Cardinal Knights,” Gerald proclaimed without turning around. “But don’t misunderstand me! You’re stronger right now! The next time we fight, though, I’ll win!”</p>

      <p>“R-Right...”</p>

      <p><em>But I don’t </em>want<em> to fight you...</em></p>

      <p>“You saved us. Thanks.” And with that, he left.</p>

      <p>What was he, a <em>tsundere</em>?</p>

      <p>“Makoto, let’s go back to my sister,” Prince Leonardo suggested. “I’m sure she’s worried.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, let’s.” I wanted to see Lucy and Sasa again too. They were safe, right?</p>

      <p>“It is finally over,” remarked the guardian geezer.</p>

      <p>I nodded. “Well...let’s get going.”</p>

      <p><em>I’m so tired...</em></p>

      <p>The chaos facing Symphonia was over.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>