<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Even so...</p>

      <p><em>You’ll be with your princess once we’ve defeated the Great Demon Lord,</em> I thought, my estimation of his character rising.</p>

      <p><em>Well, Makoto, it’s probably only you who thinks like that,</em> Noah said to me.</p>

      <p>That didn’t matter, though.</p>

      <p>“You seem to be enjoying yourselves, Hero Makoto, Lady Noelle,” came a cold voice. The air around us grew more frigid with every word.</p>

      <p><em>S-So cold!</em></p>

      <p>“P-Princess Sophia?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“O-Oh, Sophia?”</p>

      <p>“You appear to be rather close,” she continued, staring at me. Her eyes were as chilly as when she’d caught Lucy sleeping in my room.</p>

      <p>“Well, no one was talking to me. Thank you for the conversation, Princess Noelle.”</p>

      <p>“As the party’s host, entertaining guests is a natural requirement,” she offered. “Farewell, Sir Makoto.”</p>

      <p>My thanks and her acceptance given, Princess Noelle left immediately.</p>

      <p>There was a pause.</p>

      <p>“If you had come to me, I would have spoken with you,” Princess Sophia mumbled. I couldn’t have walked up to the royal area, though, right?</p>

      <p>After that frosty exchange, I spoke with her, Prince Leonardo, and the knights that had gotten friendly with Sasa. Lucy also introduced me to the noblewomen she’d been talking to. The latter half of the party ended up being pretty rousing.</p>

      <p>That is...it would’ve been, if it hadn’t been required to make a statement as the newly appointed hero!</p>

      <p><em>You didn’t tell me anything about that, Princess Noelle!</em></p>

      <p>I could barely string a sentence together. Please, enough with the sudden absurdities...</p>

      <p>Parties in Highland were exhausting.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>