<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: Makoto Takatsuki Heads for Highland</h1>

      <p>Once we left the Habhain Islands, we headed for Highland’s capital—Symphonia—via airship.</p>

      <p>The countryside spread out beneath us, and as I basked in the pleasant wind, my mind was filled with thoughts of the as-yet-unseen country... Well, not really. I was still thinking about the Seafloor Temple and the divine beast Leviathan.</p>

      <p><em>How do I even deal with that monster...?</em></p>

      <p>No matter how much I pondered it, nothing came to mind. That didn’t mean I’d give up, though. If anything, seeing a <em>real</em> final boss had made my sinking motivation skyrocket.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto, you know the Great Demon Lord comes first, right? </em>Noah said in my mind.</p>

      <p>Yeah, I know that.</p>

      <p>As I was chatting with my goddess, someone came up to me from behind. Because of my<em> RPG Player</em> skill, I was able to view my surroundings from a 360-degree perspective—I used this to see who was approaching me and then turned to greet the person before she could speak.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Princess Sophia?”</p>

      <p>“Do you have eyes in the back of your head?” she asked. “No matter. Have you memorized the important people in Highland?”</p>

      <p>She’d discussed a lot of the particulars with me yesterday.</p>

      <p>“Uh, well... There are the four great noble families. I have to avoid going against them, right?” I asked. Thinking back to our conversation, I seemed to remember that there was the Roland family from the east, the Whitehouses from the west, the Baileys from the south, and the Ballantines from the north.</p>

      <p>Those four families, along with the royal family, were called the five Sacred Nobles, and the country as a whole revolved around them.</p>

      <p>“While this goes without saying for the Highland family, each of the other four has greater riches and military might than even our own royal family.”</p>

      <p>“More than the Roses family?” I asked. That was crazy. Napkin math indicated that Highland would be roughly five times stronger than Roses.</p>

      <p>“Militarily, Roses is somewhat of a vassal state of Highland...” Prince Leonardo added from behind his sister.</p>

      <p>“Leo, you should do something about that pessimism,” Princess Sophia answered, keeping a firm demeanor. “We’ll look them in the eyes one day.”</p>

      <p>Still...I felt kind of bad for the struggles of a small nation in diplomatic straits... And since I was a hero of that country, it probably meant that there was a lot of turmoil ahead.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, are you only just realizing?</em> I heard Noah ask.</p>

      <p>Yup, seems so... Oh well. I’d manage somehow.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto, are you unnerved as well?”</p>

      <p>“No, not really,” I answered. It didn’t bother me.</p>

      <p>“You need not worry,” said the princess, though it felt more like she was telling herself rather than me.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Half a day later, the airship was slowly gliding through a reddening sky.</p>

      <p>“Good job, old-timer,” I said to Princess Sophia’s bodyguard as I handed him a drink from the galley.</p>

      <p>He refused, as serious as ever. “Oh, Hero. Thank you, but I’m on duty.”</p>

      <p>“Here you go, everyone. Good work!” Lucy called.</p>

      <p>Immediately after, Sasa added, “They’re ice cold!”</p>

      <p>The two of them handed out the drinks, plus some snacks, to the other knights. Fujiyan had said that work was probably tiring for the knights, so he’d provided a little pick-me-up. He was always thoughtful.</p>

      <p>“Princess Sophia said you should enjoy yourselves,” I told the bodyguard.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Well in that case...” he took the drink and brought it to his mouth, but then began spluttering. “Th-This is alcohol!”</p>

      <p>“Yup, bottoms up!”</p>

      <p>“H-Hey! I’m on duty—”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it. It’s fine.” I leaned on the railing and sipped at my own juice-cut booze. After a few moments, I turned to him. “By the way, there was something I wanted to ask you.”</p>

      <p>“What is it?” he inquired, eventually giving up on abstaining.</p>

      <p>“This afternoon, Prince Leonardo mentioned that Roses was like a vassal state of Highland in terms of military strength. I wanted to hear a bit more detail.”</p>

      <p>“Well...” he began, his face darkening. “It’s true. We are a weak country in terms of military might. Roses has relied on Highland for aid on several occasions, including defeating both the blight dragons in Labyrinthos and past rebellions brought about by cambions... For our nation’s defense, we do indeed depend on them.”</p>

      <p>“I see,” I answered after a pause.</p>

      <p>“Roses’s army numbers perhaps thirty thousand at most. Our only hero was Prince Leonardo...and now we have you. But in comparison, Highland has over <em>three hundred thousand</em> men and <em>five</em> heroes.”</p>

      <p>Yikes, that was some difference. It felt almost like the gap between my stats and those of my classmates... Actually, there was more of a difference there. It also brought to mind the relationship between Japan and...another country...but let’s not get any further into that.</p>

      <p>Just then, Lucy and Sasa walked over, and they spoke one after another.</p>

      <p>“We’re done, Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki, what’re you talking about?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, just about how things are tough no matter what world you’re in,” I answered.</p>

      <p>The two of them looked quizzically at me. My thoughts roamed to the future as I ruminated on a country I’d never seen. I let out a sigh.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Several days later, a huge walled city stretched out before us.</p>

      <p>“So that’s Symphonia? That’s where Saki and the others are!” Sasa cheered.</p>

      <p>“It’s the most prosperous city on the continent...” Lucy added. “I’ve never been here before!”</p>

      <p>Both of them were excited. Of course, so was I.</p>

      <p>“So the city’s surrounded by both the sea and a river,” I muttered to myself.</p>

      <p>Symphonia was located near a vast river mouth that fed into the ocean, similar to Manhattan in America. There was a huge statue made of white stone that sat in front of the castle gates.</p>

      <p>“Fujiyan, what’s that?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“A statue of Abel the Savior.”</p>

      <p>“Whew, it’s huge.”</p>

      <p>The statue depicted a dashing swordsman atop a massive pedestal, and his right hand held a sword aloft. The pose...</p>

      <p>“It looks like the Statue of Liberty,” I commented.</p>

      <p>Fujiyan agreed. “I thought much the same when I first saw it.”</p>

      <p>It felt like we were on some kind of school trip or something, and my excitement welled up. We’d have to look around.</p>

      <p>“What is the meaning of this?!” I heard the bodyguard yell. “This is the princess of Roses, Princess Sophia herself!” He’d apparently gotten into some form of dispute with the gatekeepers.</p>

      <p>“A vicious criminal is currently on the loose,” responded one of the gate guards, “so security in and out of the city has been strengthened. Even a member of a royal family must be inspected.”</p>

      <p><em>That</em> didn’t sound good.</p>

      <p>“Fujiyan, is he talking about a cambion?” I asked, remembering that Highland’s capital was the Snake Sect’s next target.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...give me but a moment,” he answered before examining the guards. He was probably using his <em>Mind Reading</em> skill. “No... It would seem that the escapee is the Priestess of the Moon.”</p>

      <p>“There’s a criminal priestess?” I asked after a moment. How did that work?</p>

      <p>“I thought I had already mentioned it. Laphroaig’s priestess is cursed. She is said to be the reincarnation of the Witch of Calamity, who betrayed mankind a thousand years ago. The current moon priestess was confined in preparation for the Great Demon Lord’s revival, but it seems she has escaped.”</p>

      <p>“Punished for something your ancestor did...”</p>

      <p>“At any rate,” Fujiyan continued, “the current priestess was apparently leading the criminals and cambions of Laphroaig, so the Soleil Knights are taking preemptive action.”</p>

      <p>“That’s disturbing,” I replied with a sigh. Still, I suppose it didn’t have anything to do with me.</p>

      <p>Before long, the inspection was over, and we got to pass through the huge gates. We stepped out onto a road overflowing with people. Looming up behind the crowd was a pair of large buildings that didn’t seem to fit the vibe of the rest of this world.</p>

      <p>“The one on the right is the largest building on this continent, Highland Castle,” Princess Sophia explained.</p>

      <p>The normal houses were almost all two-story buildings. Even the tallest were only three stories. But the castle felt almost on par with the skyscrapers on Earth... It was <em>that</em> imposing. Even though it was situated in the distance, it looked like a bird rearing up and spreading its wings. Roses Castle was beautiful, but Highland Castle was overwhelming.</p>

      <p>“The building to the left is the Cathedral of Anna the Holy Mother,” Chris added, picking up the thread of Sophia’s explanation.</p>

      <p>The cathedral had a solemn presence that was different from the castle. It was somewhat similar in appearance to the Sagrada Familia that I’d seen on TV once—a church with countless steeples that seemed to almost pierce up into the heavens.</p>

      <p>“King Highland lives within the castle and the pope’s seat is in the cathedral. The two of them stand at the top of this city,” said Fujiyan.</p>

      <p>That seemed a little unusual. There were two people in the top spot?</p>

      <p>“We can save the details for later. First, we should secure lodging for tonight,” Fujiyan decided. He then took the lead.</p>

      <p>Before we could wander any farther, Princess Sophia stopped our procession. “Excuse us...this is where we part ways.”</p>

      <p>“Ah!” exclaimed Fujiyan. “My apologies. The two of you will be staying within the first district, I presume.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed, and you will be housed within the third. Hero Makoto, we shall see you later,” she said with a smile. Then she and the prince went off with their guards in another direction.</p>

      <p><em>I guess they’ll be staying elsewhere.</em></p>

      <p>“We all got here together, so we could have stayed together,” I pointed out.</p>

      <p>“My esteemed Tackie, the districts in the capital are segregated by one’s standing,” explained Fujiyan.</p>

      <p>He followed up the brief explanation with a more detailed one: The first district was for royals, the second for clergymen, the third for nobles, and the fourth through sixth were for human commoners. The seventh and eighth were for beastmen, elves, dwarves, and other such demi-humans.</p>

      <p>The ninth...was for those of even lower standing.</p>

      <p>“So since you’re a noble now, we’re in the third district?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Precisely.”</p>

      <p>“Hmph.”</p>

      <p>What a strict city.</p>

      <p>“Hey, look, look.”</p>

      <p>“Wow, so many shops!”</p>

      <p>Despite that, Lucy and Sasa were both goggling at the various stores.</p>

      <p>“Fujiyan, what was the district just after the gates?”</p>

      <p>“The sixth. The closer to the castle you get, the higher standing the inhabitants have.”</p>

      <p>That made sense—the seventh and below were distanced from the castle.</p>

      <p>In that way, the layout was fairly similar to Horn. However, the main street didn’t just continue straight to the castle but was interspersed with several huge gates. They were probably separating each district...?</p>

      <p>We all started walking.</p>

      <p>“Whoops, ’scuse me,” I apologized as I almost bumped into someone. There were a lot of people around, but there was something off...</p>

      <p>“There are barely any elves or beastmen here,” Sasa murmured, putting my unease into words. She was right... Unlike in Macallan, everyone here was human. I couldn’t see a single other race.</p>

      <p>“This is the sixth district, so it’s a human town,” Lucy replied absently.</p>

      <p>“Standing is everything in Highland’h...” Nina said, hunching over slightly.</p>

      <p>“Nina, you don’t need to worry,” Chris said, patting her on the back. “Hold your head high.”</p>

      <p>“Might I suggest we find our lodging first?” Fujiyan said to me.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it’s been a long trip. Let’s take a break in the inn.”</p>

      <p>There seemed to be a lot going on in this country. With those thoughts on our minds, we passed through the first gate and on to the next district.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“The water is perfect.” Fujiyan sighed.</p>

      <p>“I love a big bath,” I agreed.</p>

      <p>We’d all headed for the communal baths in the inn as soon as we’d arrived. It was the perfect thing to recover after a long journey. They weren’t mixed baths, of course, so both Lucy and Sasa weren’t here.</p>

      <p>“So Highland does this sort of thing too.”</p>

      <p>“Actually, no,” Fujiyan commented. “Sharing a bath is not part of the country’s culture. As far as I am aware, this is the only inn with such facilities.”</p>

      <p>That was Fujiyan, all right... He knew all the best places.</p>

      <p>“This is wonderful!” exclaimed Prince Leonardo. He’d come by despite his lodging being in the first district. “So in the other world, everyone shares a bath like this?!”</p>

      <p>As for the princess, she’d immediately gone to offer her greetings at the castle. Her work was never-ending...</p>

      <p>The prince had been left at a loose end while she did, so he’d come to hang out with us. We’d invited his guards in as well, but they had refused, unable to consider sharing a bath with the prince like that.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, let’s go to the castle together tomorrow,” Prince Leonardo suggested, slipping through the water toward me. “It’s your first time here, right?”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t see anything but steam and water from his shoulders down. His good looks and unbroken voice meant that he still seemed like a beautiful girl.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>