<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Now then, my thanks for the meal.”</p>

      <p>“Try not to make it hurt...?” I pleaded.</p>

      <p>The only answer she gave was a smirk before she opened her mouth wide. I heard the soft sound of her lips sealing on my neck, followed by a sharp, painful sensation.</p>

      <p>“Kuh...” I grunted. It hurt...less than I’d expected...maybe?</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto...are you okay?” Lucy asked, flitting about and watching. I smiled to keep her from worrying.</p>

      <p>The soft gulping sounds made their way to my ears. Wow...she was actually sipping my blood.</p>

      <p>“U-Um... Are you nearly done?” Lucy interjected. “Or...would you swap with me?!” I guess she’d started to worry and had offered to take my place.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine, Lucy,” I said after a moment. I could hardly ask a girl to swap out with me.</p>

      <p>After a while, the Grandsage released me with a sigh and I heard the sound of <em>High Heal </em>being cast.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, the pain’s gone.</em> I felt that there wasn’t a mark on my neck either, so she must have healed me.</p>

      <p>“That was delicious,” said the Grandsage, licking her lips in satisfaction. She seemed to have more traces of color on her cheeks. Her small tongue lapped out and caught the slight droplets that had dripped from her mouth. That...was kinda hot.</p>

      <p>“So...it was to your liking?” I inquired.</p>

      <p>“Unsullied blood is definitely the best. And otherworlders eat better, so it’s even higher quality.”</p>

      <p>“Do we?”</p>

      <p>All I ever ate back then was junk food like burgers and fries. I’d lived a fairly unhealthy lifestyle, but apparently, my blood was enjoyable.</p>

      <p>“Unsullied blood,” Lucy repeated, her expression darkening.</p>

      <p>“What’s up?” I asked her.</p>

      <p>“I wouldn’t have been able to stand in, then...”</p>

      <p>What? Was calling my blood “unsullied” bothering her?</p>

      <p>“Hey, redheaded mage—you’ve got it wrong,” the Grandsage said, seeming to know something.</p>

      <p>“Isn’t my blood sullied because of the demon blood?”</p>

      <p>“No. There are a lot of people that call mixed-bloods and demons ‘sullied,’ but I don’t mean it in that way. Besides, I’d fall under that category as well.”</p>

      <p>Oh, that was why. So cambions were those with “sullied blood.” <em>I guess it’s some kind of slur...</em></p>

      <p>“Then what is unsullied blood?” Lucy wondered.</p>

      <p>The Grandsage looked away. For how upfront her behavior usually was, this seemed unusual.</p>

      <p>“Grandsage?” I pressed.</p>

      <p>“Please, tell us.”</p>

      <p>She hummed, then began to speak. “Well... Unsullied blood is what you’d think. Blood from people that haven’t had sexual experience.”</p>

      <p>“Uh?”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“Elementalist, you’re a virgin, right?” asked the Grandsage.</p>

      <p><em>What?!</em></p>

      <p>“I-I-I-I’m not!” I protested reflexively.</p>

      <p>“What? You’re not?!” Lucy asked.</p>

      <p><em>Come on, quit it, Lucy, it’s a lie! I am...</em></p>

      <p>“Hmm, and yet my ultra rank <em>Appraisal</em> skill says ‘Status: Virgin.’”</p>

      <p>“<em>Appraisal</em> tells you that?!”</p>

      <p><em>Where was the privacy?!</em></p>

      <p>“<em>A-Appraisal</em> reveals that as well?” Lucy asked, wrapping her arms around her body and stepping back.</p>

      <p>“King rank also tells you the number of partners. Though I don’t think you’d want to know.”</p>

      <p>Lucy and I both yelped in fear.</p>

      <p>Damn...that was a harsh skill. Fujiyan had ultra rank <em>Appraisal</em>, right? He wouldn’t have it grow to king rank, right?</p>

      <p><em>Well, Fujiyan already knows I’m a virgin, so it’s not like it matters!</em></p>

      <p>“Uh, so Makoto’s blood is tasty because he’s a virgin?”</p>

      <p><em>Lucy! You don’t need to make sure!</em></p>

      <p>“Indeed. Mortal, virgin blood is certainly the best!” The Grandsage smiled widely, and Lucy’s shoulders shook.</p>

      <p>Hey...don’t laugh at me...</p>

      <p>“Now we’re even,” declared the Grandsage. “I cleaned up after you, and you fed me.” Then, she giggled. “If you offer me some more, I’ll help you out whenever.”</p>

      <p>“Uh, that’s kinda...” Not something I wanted to consider.</p>

      <p>“What do you normally do for food?” Lucy asked. I was wondering as well. She didn’t feed on other people, did she?</p>

      <p>“As I said, my status is a state secret, so I have medical blood for my meals. It lacks flavor though... Fresh is best, as they say.” She said the last sentence while looking at me and licking her lips.</p>

      <p>“Couldn’t you drink from someone else?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Hmph! They’re all past their best. The Hero of Light’s blood was the worst... There are few men of your age that are still virgins. I would never drink from a child either.”</p>

      <p>“I see...” So virginity was rare. That wasn’t the least bit comforting!</p>

      <p>“Cheer up, Makoto,” Lucy consoled. “You’ll be fine.”</p>

      <p><em>Hey, I can see the smile in your eyes there...</em></p>

      <p>“That’s a fine thing coming from you, virgin mage.”</p>

      <p>“Wha?!”</p>

      <p>Looks like you’ve been found out, Lucy.</p>

      <p>“I’m just going to go,” I said eventually. It was best to get out before anything else was revealed.</p>

      <p>“Very well. Visit me if you have need,” said the Grandsage. She seemed rather cheery right now.</p>

      <p>Oh, wait... I needed to ask her about something.</p>

      <p>“I beat a hero of the Ballantine family, so I was wondering if there’d be issues.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, that?” scoffed the Grandsage. “Who do you think I am? I have been the Grandsage since this country’s founding. They’ll regret it if they start anything.”</p>

      <p>Well, that made me feel better. If I had both Princess Noelle and the Grandsage on my side, I’d be fine.</p>

      <p>“But...” she continued, “you know what I’ll ask for in return...right?” She smirked at me. I guess I’d be paying with my body. Or my blood, at least. I should just think of it as a blood donation.</p>

      <p>“Also, try and keep your blood unsullied! Stay the virgin you are.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t ask for the impossible.” I couldn’t follow that order, even if it <em>did</em> come from her!</p>

      <p>“Oh, you plan to discard it? What a shame...your blood will not taste as good.”</p>

      <p>“What?!” Lucy exclaimed. “Makoto, who with?! Aya? Princess Sophia?”</p>

      <p><em>Seriously, was she an idiot?</em> “I haven’t got any plans like that,” I replied. Also, I’d prefer if she didn’t bring up the names of girls so close to us.</p>

      <p>“Th-Then...you might consider throwing it away with me?” Lucy offered, before quickly backtracking. “Uh...kidding.”</p>

      <p>“L-Lucy?!”</p>

      <p>That was something really big she’d just come out with.</p>

      <p>But then, the Grandsage broke the tension by scolding us. “Get a room, you two. I’ll throw you out.” She wasn’t so happy anymore, it seemed. I thought we should leave quickly.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for everything, then,” I said.</p>

      <p>But before we could go, Lucy spoke up. “U-Um! Grandsage, I’d like to ask about my great-grandpa... Would you be willing to tell me?”</p>

      <p>“Hm, I suppose I do not mind.”</p>

      <p>Guess Lucy was staying, then. “You’ll get your blood sucked,” I warned her.</p>

      <p>“Fool,” chided the Grandsage. “Not just anyone will do. As a former human, elf and demon blood does not match my body.”</p>

      <p>“So that’s how it works?”</p>

      <p><em>Vampires had their own struggles then,</em> I thought before leaving the mansion.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The blood loss had worn me out, so I went back to the inn and took a nap in my room. Around dinner time, I wandered down to the canteen. Fujiyan was there, and the second he spotted me, he leaped up in my direction.</p>

      <p>“My esteemed Tackie! I have heard of your exploits! And your victory over the Hero of Lightning, Sir Gerald!”</p>

      <p>“I’m not sure victory’s the word...” said Lucy.</p>

      <p>Sasa murmured, “More like murder...”</p>

      <p>Guess they’d gotten back to the inn as well. They must have told Fujiyan about Gerald.</p>

      <p>“S-Sir Makoto defeated the third-ranked Hero of Lightning...” Chris said in a shaking voice.</p>

      <p>“I knew it! There’s more to him than meets the eye’h!” Nina cheered. She always hyped me up.</p>

      <p>“Chris, what do you mean by ‘ranked’?” Sasa asked. I hadn’t heard about it before either.</p>

      <p>“Every year, each of the six nations gathers for a summit with their royalty and representatives. One of the events is a series of mock battles between each country’s strongest warriors,” she answered.</p>

      <p>“And where they place is what they’re ranked’h!” Nina added.</p>

      <p>“I see. Who’s first, by the way?” I asked, though I already had a decent idea.</p>

      <p>“That would be our Hero of Light right here’h!” Nina said, directing her smile toward Sakurai. Oh, that made me realize he was here...for some reason.</p>

      <p>“Fujiwara invited me,” he explained with a dazzling smile, “and I wanted to take some time to speak with you all a bit more peacefully.”</p>

      <p>The ever-beautiful Yokoyama was behind him. When our eyes met, she gave me a smile. Back in class, she would’ve never looked my way, but she seemed pretty approachable now. I must have changed her opinion back in Labyrinthos. <em>It seems like there are a lot of our classmates here..</em>.</p>

      <p>“Let us eat, then!” Fujiyan directed us over to a table laden with a lavish feast. “The preparations have already been made.”</p>

      <p>There were expensive-looking cheeses and hors d’oeuvre lined up, along with salads and terrines using seasonal vegetables. There was a soup that smelled of tasty mushrooms, and a shellfish gratin that contained something similar to lobster. There were also juicy steaks alongside vividly colored sauces, and the feast was topped off with a mound of fruit and desserts.</p>

      <p>“It looks like French cuisine,” Sasa commented.</p>

      <p>“This stuff has a lot of calories though, so you need to be careful,” Yokoyama added.</p>

      <p>“That’s awful.”</p>

      <p>“I know, right?”</p>

      <p>It was just like Sasa and Yokoyama were back at school...</p>

      <p>“What did you get up to today?” I asked Fujiyan.</p>

      <p>“I visited my business partners. Tomorrow, I am planning to tour the town. Would you care to join me?”</p>

      <p>“Sure, I’ll tag along.” Exploring the capital! This was the biggest city on the continent, so I couldn’t wait.</p>

      <p>“Still, my friend, I see you have let your recklessness show again,” Fujiyan chastised.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Fighting a man like him is ridiculous.”</p>

      <p>Fujiyan and Chris were both gazing at me, looking disappointed.</p>

      <p>“He didn’t exactly give me much choice.”</p>

      <p>I hadn’t been in the wrong...probably.</p>

      <p>“It’s a good thing Sakurai was there,” said Sasa.</p>

      <p>“It really is,” Lucy agreed. “For a minute there, I didn’t know <em>what</em> was about to happen.”</p>

      <p>Sasa must’ve seen what my spell did to Gerald, while Lucy must have felt the mana breaking out of my control. Neither of them had been able to stop me, but thankfully, our dashing Sakurai had pulled through.</p>

      <p>“Serious thanks, Sakurai,” I said.</p>

      <p>“I mean, I wouldn’t do anything else, would I?”</p>

      <p><em>That’s the Hero of Light for you. Handsome inside and out.</em></p>

      <p>“You’re really close with him, actually,” Yokoyama said in apparent realization. I didn’t exactly think we were <em>close</em>, but we now had more chances to talk like we used to.</p>

      <p>“He’s my friend from junior high,” Sakurai explained easily.</p>

      <p>Hmm? We were friends back then? We’d barely spoken at school...junior or high.</p>

      <p>Sasa squealed, and her shock was followed by similarly surprised exclamations from Fujiyan and Yokoyama.</p>

      <p>“My esteemed Tackie! I have yet to hear of this!”</p>

      <p>“But I never saw you talking in junior high...?” Sasa pointed out.</p>

      <p>“Does it matter?” I asked. It’s not like everyone who went to the same elementary school stays friends. When Sakurai and I got into the upper years of junior high, the vast gulf of high and low castes grew between us. Sakurai was right in the middle of the class while I was on the outskirts, playing games or reading manga.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki lived next door, so we spent a lot of time together as kids,” Sakurai explained.</p>

      <p>“We weren’t neighbors,” I countered. “Your tower block was just next to our crappy one.”</p>

      <p>“We walked to school together back in elementary though, didn’t we?”</p>

      <p>I mean, we did, but I was surprised he remembered.</p>

      <p>“Hey, what was he like back then?” Sasa demanded</p>

      <p>My past...wasn’t anything special.</p>

      <p>“Oh!” Sakurai exclaimed with a smile. “I’ll tell you about when Takatsuki saved us.”</p>

      <p>Uh? What?</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Ryousuke Sakurai’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>I thought back to our third year of elementary school.</p>

      <p><em>Once class was finished, all of us would often meet up. There were three guys and two girls in our group. Takatsuki and I were two of the guys, and we were always the first to arrive since we lived close to each other.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“No,” Takatsuki interjected, interrupting my story. “You just always kept knocking for me. I wanted to stay home.”</p>

      <p>“Really?” I guess it had been so long that I didn’t quite remember.</p>

      <p>“Besides, I always said I’d come if I could. Just...sometimes I was gaming.”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki, you really haven’t changed much, have you,” Sasaki asked with a rueful smile. Takatsuki was wearing an unhappy look as we talked about the past. <br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>The two of us lived near each other, so we often played together. On clear days, we would play outside; on rainy days, we’d go over to someone’s home. That’s how we spent our time.</em></p>

      <p><em>One time, there was this guy that gave us sweets. He was all smiles as he talked with us, and before we knew it, he’d started turning up at a park we often played in. He dressed normally and didn’t seem dodgy at all—he was just a nice guy.</em></p>

      <p><em>Since we were happy kids, he always had snacks and gave them to us. Our group was suspicious at first, but one time he brought his dog on a walk and told us all about it. The girls dropped their guard when they saw the cute Pomeranian. It was adorable, and the man kept coming by, always bringing the dog along to play. None of us thought too deeply about it.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“That sounds suspicious,” Sasaki commented.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, while I cannot pass judgment yet...” Fujiwara said, a pinched look on his face.</p>

      <p>Takatsuki was frowning. H-He hadn’t forgotten, had he? <br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>For a while, we played with the cute puppy a lot more.</em></p>

      <p><em>Then, it happened.</em></p>

      <p><em>The man was always smiling, but then, things were different. One day, he didn’t bring his puppy, but by that time, we’d let our guard down. There were tower blocks all around our little park, so we were highly visible as we played. But under the tree cover, where it was harder to be seen, the man showed his true colors.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“His true colors?”</p>

      <p>“Uh, you cannot mean...”</p>

      <p>Sasaki and Fujiwara both frowned.</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” I confirmed. “He was a deviant after little girls.”</p>

      <p>“Disgraceful...” spat Fujiyan.<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>The man suddenly struck us boys, trying to shut us up, and then he started trying to undress the scared girls.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Th-That’s awful.” Chris, who was one of the nobles from Macallan, looked slightly scared. She gripped the rabbit-eared woman’s hand.</p>

      <p>“It was the first time an adult had ever hit me,” I explained. “It hurt and I was scared, but I couldn’t just do nothing.”</p>

      <p>“W-Wow, you’re so brave,” Sasaki replied, looking at me in shock.</p>

      <p>“You were the Hero of Light, though, so surely that was no issue’h?” Fujiwara’s lover Nina asked, looking oddly at me.</p>

      <p>“In our old world, I wasn’t a hero or anything. I was just a little kid. The other boy and I got beat up pretty bad.” I still regretted how stupid it had been to trust that man so easily. He’d hit my friends and made the girls cry. But I couldn’t have done anything.</p>

      <p>“Why didn’t you scream?” Sasaki asked.</p>

      <p>“I did—we yelled for help, and the girls were crying. The park always had kids playing though, so there was constantly a lot of noise. No one came to our aid.”</p>

      <p>“That...was a daring crime...” Fujiwara murmured.</p>

      <p>It really was. He’d used a puppy to lower our guards and had then tried to commit a crime in a blind spot. I didn’t know the full details, but it might’ve even been a habit of his.</p>

      <p>“Uh? So what happened to you, then, Makoto?” asked the redheaded elf as she shook his shoulders. Takatsuki was frowning in thought.</p>

      <p>Uh? Did he manage to forget?</p>

      <p>“So what then?” Sasaki pressed.<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>I thought it was over. My body ached and I couldn’t even cry out. I didn’t know what was going to happen, but I was shaking in fear, and the other boy had fainted. I was desperate.</em></p>

      <p><em>Then, I heard a loud crash, but it seemed like the man didn’t register the sound. He was too focused on the scared girls. Just as he was reaching out for them, there were several more crashes, one after another.</em></p>

      <p><em>The noise indicated that something was breaking, and at this point, the man noticed. Not even a minute later, people came out of the apartments nearby, and then the police arrived. I didn’t know what was going on.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Saki, Fujiwara, and Sasaki were staring at me, looking puzzled.</p>

      <p>“Uh, I don’t get it.”</p>

      <p>Lucy, Nina, and Chris all seemed troubled. “Did you do something?” Sasaki asked Takatsuki.</p>

      <p>He answered unhappily. “No one came to help even when I yelled, so I made sure people would come,” Takatsuki stated, glossing over what he’d done.</p>

      <p>“What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“While we were being targeted, he broke some windows and made a commotion,” I explained.</p>

      <p>Our other three classmates shouted in shock while Takatsuki looked chagrined.</p>

      <p>“Breaking windows brought help?” Chris asked with an odd look.</p>

      <p>“Shattering even a single window was a pretty big thing in our world. We lived in a peaceful town with no monsters,” Takatsuki said absently.</p>

      <p>“And it wasn’t just a single window,” I added. “Didn’t you break all of the windows on the apartment building?”</p>

      <p>I’d only found that detail out later, but it was impressive that Takatsuki hadn’t even hesitated.</p>

      <p>“Uh, how?” Sasaki asked. “The area around your place was pretty well-maintained, so I doubt there would’ve been stones to throw.”</p>

      <p>She was right, and Takatsuki reluctantly explained. “I had them with me. I’d bought a load of ball bearings to break windows with.”</p>

      <p>“What?” the other three asked flatly. I’d also been surprised to hear that the first time.</p>

      <p>Slowly, he kept going. “Well, I was really into a western game back then. The main character would go wild in town and a load of police would appear. In the game, you’d use guns and grenades, but you can’t get those in Japan, right? So the best I could do was to break windows...that was what I thought back then, anyway. I wanted to find out how many police officers would turn up.”</p>

      <p>“So you were walking around with something to break windows?” asked Sasaki in wonder.</p>

      <p>“Well, I didn’t know when I’d get my chance...it was just a little prank.”</p>

      <p>Takatsuki was sulking.</p>

      <p>“A <em>little</em> prank...you say?” asked Fujiwara slowly.</p>

      <p>“Games rotted your brain...”</p>

      <p>“Leave me be! I’m not proud of it!” Takatsuki groaned. “The teachers and my parents really let me have it after that!” After his outburst, he clutched his head. Oh yeah, that was right—Takatsuki hadn’t been happy that the adults were angry with him, I suppose.</p>

      <p>“You saved us because of that, though.”</p>

      <p>“Right?! It was my plan, but you and the other guy were heroes the day after! I had to write a twenty-page apology essay! It’s not fair,” he pouted.</p>

      <p>“W-Well, yeah. How many windows did you break, by the way?” Sasaki asked sympathetically.</p>

      <p>“Windows broken: eleven, accuracy: ninety percent. Not bad, right? I included that in the essay.”</p>

      <p>“Where’s the apology there?!” exclaimed Sasaki</p>

      <p>“They got even angrier for some reason.”</p>

      <p>“Are you an idiot?!”</p>

      <p>I watched those two act out their skit, thinking that it had been too long since I’d chatted with Takatsuki like this. It was fun. He hadn’t changed a bit, and it brought back other memories.</p>

      <p>“That was in our third year. The next one was in our fifth—”</p>

      <p>“Sakurai! Enough of the past!” he yelled in a fluster, filling my glass with booze. I didn’t really drink, but I couldn’t turn it down after he’d poured for me.</p>

      <p>“Come on, drink up,” he encouraged. It’d been too long since we’d had a decent conversation.</p>

      <p>I picked up the glass and downed the contents.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>Sakurai was snoring softly, out like a light from drinking a single glass.</p>

      <p>Uh, what? Was he a lightweight? But what about the protection from his <em>Hero of Light</em> skill?</p>

      <p>“Ryousuke doesn’t drink,” Yokoyama explained. “Plus, the blessing from the sun goddess is weaker at night, so he gets drunk easily.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I see. I never expected that,” Sasa said, prodding him on the cheek. He sure didn’t look like he’d wake up any time soon.</p>

      <p>“I think he forced himself since you suggested it.”</p>

      <p>“What?” <em>For real? Maybe I shouldn’t have done that... It probably counts as peer pressure. </em>Still, if I’d let him be, he was going to spill everything about my embarrassing past...</p>

      <p>“Even so, Sir Sakurai seems to be exhausted,” Fujiyan observed. “Even more so than at our prior meetings.”</p>

      <p>“He does, husband?” Chris asked.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Almost done in, I would say.”</p>

      <p>Seriously? I hadn’t noticed at all.</p>

      <p>Yokoyama’s expression also seemed fatigued as she answered. “Ryousuke’s the Hero of Light, right? Everyone sees him as a reincarnation of the savior. Highland’s first princess Lady Noelle became his fiancée. The first and second princes poisoned his food and cursed him, and assassins have even been sent after him.”</p>

      <p><em>Wait, really? Damn...I didn’t know Sakurai had gone through so mu—</em></p>

      <p>“But,” Yokoyama broke my train of thought with a chagrined look, “the sun goddess’s favor rendered the poisons and curses useless. He beat back two assassins unarmed and didn’t even get a scratch. Plus, any time he <em>does</em> get hurt, he heals right away, as long as he soaks up some sun. It’s too much, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“O-Ohhh...” the rest of us managed in unison.</p>

      <p><em>Come on, that power’s way too OP! </em>Would anyone in this world be able to win against him?</p>

      <p>“Still, he’d be in trouble at night, so us knights take shifts to guard him.”</p>

      <p><em>I get it—untouchable hero by day, in danger by night.</em></p>

      <p>“I almost forgot... You’re his fiancée, right?” Sasa asked Yokoyama nonchalantly.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, Eri and me both.”</p>

      <p>“O-Okay,” Sasa stammered. “And you’re fine with that?” She wore a slightly conflicted expression.</p>

      <p>“Mmm, at first,” Yokoyama answered. Her eyes seemed to warm with a wife’s feelings as she looked at Sakurai. “He has more than twenty fiancées. We’re all in order too. I’m the eighteenth and Eri’s the seventeenth. It all feels kinda pointless.”</p>

      <p>“Wh-Whoa.”</p>

      <p>“Twenty...”</p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa were both in shock. Twenty fiancées...I couldn’t even imagine.</p>

      <p>“Ryousuke doesn’t seem to enjoy it at all, though. I mean, the king gave him an order: have as many kids as possible to leave behind a legacy. He’s constantly spending nights with girls, so he doesn’t have any downtime. Then during the day, he has to deal with over a thousand members of the Soleil Knights.”</p>

      <p>“That would curtail his relaxation indeed...” Fujiyan remarked sympathetically. And Fujiyan was right—I didn’t feel jealous of Sakurai when I heard that.</p>

      <p>“He says that’s the reason why he can relax around old friends like Eri or me. She and I didn’t use to get along when we were around him, but now we’re like sisters in arms.”</p>

      <p>“I see...” Sasa mused with an inscrutable look.</p>

      <p>Lucy was listening to Yokoyama, her face shining with admiration.</p>

      <p>Yokoyama looked my way. “Hey, Takatsuki.” In our old world, she’d been our class’s beauty, and I’d never heard her say my name in that tone back then.</p>

      <p>“What?” I asked casually.</p>

      <p>“Ryousuke told me something once... He said that even though people rely on him for aid and ask for his help, he doesn’t have anyone in his life who could return those favors...”</p>

      <p>“That makes sense,” Sasa said. “He’s always been the leader.”</p>

      <p>No matter what group Sakurai was in, things always ended up centering around him. He just drew people in.</p>

      <p>“That’s why it left such a big impression when you helped him in the past,” Yokoyama explained, “and also why he was so happy that you cast a king rank spell to aid with the blight dragons.” She smiled ruefully. “He said you always manage to offer help in a completely unexpected way.”</p>

      <p>“O-Oh,” was all I could say. Fighting the blight dragons had just been a coincidence at the time—the elementals there had been happy to help.</p>

      <p>“I hope you’ll do the same again,” she continued.</p>

      <p>After a moment, I answered. “Yeah, got it.” I’d do what I could at least. After all, he was an old friend.</p>

      <p>“Ryousuke had fun today, I think,” Yokoyama said, stroking his hair as he slept. “He really wanted you to join the Soleil Knights, Takatsuki, but then you ended up as Roses’s hero, so he couldn’t invite you. He seemed kinda bummed about it.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right...” <em>He was serious?!</em> <em>I wasn’t going to join an army, though...</em></p>

      <p>“Well, he’s passed out, so we should get going.” As she spoke, Yokoyama hefted Sakurai up into a bridal carry. Seeing her slight form holding him in the air was a real “yup, this isn’t our world” moment.</p>

      <p>“Come see him again,” were her last words before she left.</p>

      <p>After they left, Sasa said, “Sakurai and Saki have so much on their shoulders...”</p>

      <p>“The Hero of Light doesn’t have an easy job...” Lucy added.</p>

      <p>The two of them looked worried as they watched the other pair leave. A solemn mood shrouded the table.</p>

      <p>“My esteemed Tackie, perhaps you should take the initiative to visit him at some point?” Fujiyan suggested.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’ll pick up a gift or something and go hang out.” It’d be nice to take things easy with him again, just like when we were kids.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>