<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: Makoto Takatsuki Reunites with the Grandsage</h1>

      <p>“Hero Makato, are you well?” Princess Sophia asked. She brushed a hand over my back as I stared vacantly after Gerald.</p>

      <p>That’s right, I need to thank her.</p>

      <p>“Princess Sophia, thank you for your healing,” I said. <em>Water Magic: Healwater</em> was a mid rank skill, and obviously not one I knew.</p>

      <p>“That is the extent of the healing magic I can use...” she murmured. “I am glad you are safe.” She smiled, and her eyes watered slightly.</p>

      <p>The sun priestess Princess Noelle was the next to speak. “Makoto, Hero of Roses, I offer my apologies for the behavior of our land’s hero.”</p>

      <p>Her words came at the perfect time. “Thank you for healing him,” I said earnestly. “My lapse in control caused issues for you.”</p>

      <p>Princess Noelle looked at me, seeming slightly surprised. “You saw?” she asked. “It appeared that you were unconscious.”</p>

      <p>Oops... I’d only witnessed it because Noah had shown me. In reality, I <em>had </em>been passed out. Time to play it off.</p>

      <p>“Uh, I just assumed you had...” I said, trailing off. “By the way, how come I passed out?”</p>

      <p>Did I hurt myself with my own magic? I’d feel even stupider if so.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki, that was my fault,” Sakurai explained apologetically. “I didn’t fancy Gerald’s chances if we let things continue. You weren’t in control, so I had to stop you by force.”</p>

      <p><em>Oh, so that’s what happened.</em></p>

      <p>“Yup! Sakurai rushed over and gut-punched you!” Sasa exclaimed. Wait...he stopped me with a gut punch?</p>

      <p>“Wow, Aya, you saw it happen?” Lucy asked.</p>

      <p>“Incredible, I didn’t see a thing...” murmured the prince.</p>

      <p>Lucy had good eyes, and Prince Leonardo was another hero. Despite that, Sakurai had reacted so fast that neither of them had seen his movements. That was incredible... But Sasa was even more incredible, considering she could follow everything.</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Sakurai,” I said. Honestly, I think he’d be the only one <em>able</em> to stop me if I lost control... <em>That was so close. I can’t do that again, ever.</em></p>

      <p>There were, however, other things weighing on me.</p>

      <p>“The Hero of Lightning is from the Ballantine family, right?” I asked. “They’re one of the five Sacred Nobles. Is it going to cause problems? Y’know, since I attacked him like that...” I’d promised not to stand against any of those families...and then I’d immediately broken that promise.</p>

      <p>“It will be okay, Sir Makoto,” Princess Noelle answered with a smile. “I will speak with the family.”</p>

      <p><em>I guess I can relax about it, then? </em>“Thank you, Lady Noelle.”</p>

      <p>She chuckled. “You are Sir Ryousuke’s friend and a valued guest. I will deal with any repercussions.” Slyly, she added, “I am rather highly ranked myself, you know.” The princess then lifted a finger and winked. She sure was charismatic...and cute.</p>

      <p>Just as I thought that someone else spoke up.</p>

      <p>“Come on, Elementalist. You’re up—we need to talk. Come see me later.”</p>

      <p>There were several gasps from the shock of it. The Grandsage had appeared out of nowhere with a teleport, said her piece, and vanished again.</p>

      <p><em>Sh-She’s certainly...free. Oh, looks like Princess Noelle’s smile has stiffened as well.</em></p>

      <p>“M-My apologies, Sir Makoto. The Grandsage is my magic instructor...”</p>

      <p>Apparently, even the princess of Highland was no match for her.</p>

      <p>“I wanted to thank her anyway,” I replied. <em>Even if she’s going to be angry with me. </em>“Maybe we should head there now...”</p>

      <p>“If you’re going, I’ll show you the way,” offered Sakurai.</p>

      <p>“Thanks, that’ll help. Let’s go, Lucy.”</p>

      <p>She looked shocked. “Wait? Me too?”</p>

      <p>“You need to thank her for the bracelet, don’t you?”</p>

      <p>“R-Right,” she stammered. “I do... I’m a bit scared, though.”</p>

      <p><em>Me too.</em></p>

      <p>“What about you, Sasa?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I think I’ll stick around here for a bit longer. The training grounds seem fun.”</p>

      <p>Gerald had accosted us as soon as we’d arrived, so we hadn’t been able to properly check them out. But, considering this was a training ground in the strongest country on the continent, it was probably well-equipped. Sasa had been learning martial arts from Nina, so she was interested in practicing.</p>

      <p>Prince Leonardo and Sasa ended up staying behind at the training ground, while Princess Sophia and Princess Noelle went off somewhere else to deal with other business. Lucy and I were guided along by Sakurai to the Grandsage.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“We’re here, Takatsuki,” Sakurai informed us. We’d just arrived at an estate on the outskirts of the castle grounds.</p>

      <p>“Whoa...”</p>

      <p>“What on...”</p>

      <p>It was like stepping into another world...one made of silver.</p>

      <p>The mansion was a bizarre construction of gleaming ice and crystal. Lucy and I could only stare, open-mouthed. The barrier around the manor seemed quartz-like and was probably imbued with mana. Magic flames flickered around this barrier, illuminating the ice mansion. In spite of the snow on the ground, the landscape was adorned with flowers in full bloom. The season was all over the place...no, not just the season...but everything. Did she use her magic to make this...?</p>

      <p>It looked like a wonderland, like a bizarre garden in a strange estate.</p>

      <p>“I’ll see you both later then,” Sakurai said before heartlessly turning to leave us.</p>

      <p>“You’re not coming with?” I asked.</p>

      <p>Sakurai looked apologetic. “She gets angry if uninvited people drop by.”</p>

      <p><em>You live in such a unique place, </em>I thought. <em>You should invite more people!</em> But then again, she did seem rather eccentric.</p>

      <p>“Well, let’s go, Lucy.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right.”</p>

      <p>We stepped onto the grounds, walked across the unseasonal snow, and then opened the door to the ice mansion.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The interior was pitch-black, despite the amount of light outside. There were, at least, evenly spaced candles that illuminated the floor. At a glance, I would have thought this was a dungeon. Seriously, the atmosphere was so uninviting...</p>

      <p>“Excuse me, it’s Makoto Takatsuki,” I called out.</p>

      <p>“Urk... It’s so dark,” Lucy added in a murmur, gripping my sleeve as we walked forward.</p>

      <p>“So you’re here.”</p>

      <p>Lucy and I both whipped around with strangled squeaks.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What the...?”</p>

      <p>“Uh...?”</p>

      <p>In front of us was...a maid doll. Scary!</p>

      <p>“This way.” The Grandsage’s voice came from the mouth of the doll. <em>Did she not have actual servants?</em></p>

      <p>The doll guided us farther into the mansion, and we entered a dim room. Inside was the Grandsage, clad in white robes and reclining on a massive sofa. This space felt similar to the tent in Labyrinth Town where we’d first met, and it was filled with expensive-looking antiques.</p>

      <p><em>So, does she like gloomy rooms full of stuff?</em></p>

      <p>“It’s been a while, Grandsage,” I said. “Thank you for dealing with the water I created earlier.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the bracelet,” added Lucy.</p>

      <p>The two of us offered our gratitude, but the Grandsage just glared our way with cold eyes. “So you have not rescinded your following of a wicked deity.”</p>

      <p>“W-Well...” I stammered. She’d gone right for the neck...</p>

      <p>“No matter,” the Grandsage huffed. “I hardly expected you to become Roses’s hero in such a brief time. Of course, now it will be impossible to publicize your faith... Knowing that their hero worships a wicked deity would have too much of an effect on public morale,” she said regretfully.</p>

      <p>Oh! Was I getting away with it?</p>

      <p>“And you defeated that Lightning Boy. Gerald might be somewhat pathetic, but—”</p>

      <p>“Makoto’s amazing!” Lucy interjected, full of energy. I honestly didn’t even remember the fight.</p>

      <p>“In what way?” countered the Grandsage. “Such uncontrolled magic is hardly of any use.”</p>

      <p>“Yes...you’re right,” I conceded. “I’ll be careful.” Noah had made me plenty aware of the dangers.</p>

      <p>“See that you do.” The Grandsage then turned to Lucy and changed the topic. “Incidentally, redhead, are you part of the Walker family?”</p>

      <p>“Uh? A-Ah, yes, I’m Lucy J. Walker.”</p>

      <p>“Johnnie’s great-granddaughter, then...” muttered the Grandsage. “Here, take this.” She suddenly tossed a staff in our direction, and Lucy flapped her arms around, fumbling to catch it.</p>

      <p>Once she had a good grasp on it, Lucy asked, “Wh-Why the staff?”</p>

      <p>“It was Johnnie’s.”</p>

      <p>“Great-grandpa’s?!” Lucy exclaimed.</p>

      <p>Hm? The Grandsage was close with Lucy’s great-grandad?</p>

      <p>I turned to Lucy and asked, “Wait, your ancestor knew the Grandsage?” However, Lucy wasn’t the one who answered.</p>

      <p>“Elementalist...” said the Grandsage, “are you unaware of Springrogue’s Hero, Johnnie Walker? He was one of Abel’s companions.”</p>

      <p>“Oh!” That had jogged by memory.</p>

      <p>There was Abel the Savior, Anna the Holy Mother, the White Grandsage, and finally, Johnnie the Spellbow. That was the legendary party that saved the world from the Great Demon Lord. And yet, there were only four members... It didn’t seem like enough.</p>

      <p>Still, to think one of them was Lucy’s great-grandfather! That legendary party had existed a thousand years ago...but elves were a long-lived race, so it made sense that Johnnie was only four generations removed from Lucy.</p>

      <p>“That’s a huge deal, Lucy!” I exclaimed. “Why didn’t you say anything?”</p>

      <p>“Uh...well, you know...” she said awkwardly.</p>

      <p>Regardless, the Grandsage was being just as generous with gifts this time—after all, she’d handed over a precious weapon.</p>

      <p>The Grandsage smirked and then spoke in a teasing tone. “I know what you want to say.”</p>

      <p>“Uh, what do you mean?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“My great-grandpa...the Hero of Springrogue, Johnnie Walker, had a fondness for women that was, um, <em>beyond </em>that of most elves...” Lucy confessed.</p>

      <p>“He had fifty wives and got far more women pregnant...” said the Grandsage. “I couldn’t even count how many women he had.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right...” And he was one member of the legendary party?! What the hell? Maybe it was just one of those things. Heroes liked the pleasures of the flesh...?</p>

      <p>“Yeah, so there are a lot of people on the continent who claim his bloodline...” Lucy explained. “Some that are his real grandchildren, and some that...aren’t.”</p>

      <p>“Some also use their relation to Johnnie Walker as part of a con,” the Grandsage added.</p>

      <p>“I respect him, but his habits...” Lucy trailed off.</p>

      <p>That made sense. Maybe Lucy was so serious about romantic relationships because of her grandfather’s promiscuity, and her behavior was kind of like a rebellion.</p>

      <p>“The idiot never tried to go for Anna or me, though,” the Grandsage said, reminiscing. “Well, Abel was there.”</p>

      <p>Oh? That was a strange way of wording it...</p>

      <p>“The way you’re talking, it sounds like you were there,” I commented. It seemed strange—her <em>Inheritance</em> skill should have given her the memories of the previous Grandsage, but this sounded much more firsthand than that.</p>

      <p>“Hm? Oh, I haven’t explained yet.” The Grandsage fixed her ruby-red eyes on me. “What have you heard of me?”</p>

      <p>“That you’re the descendant of the Grandsage that was in Abel the Savior’s party,” I stated. “And that your <em>Inheritance </em>skill gives you the powers and memories of the first Grandsage...” That’s what I’d heard, but her actions were making me rethink it a bit.</p>

      <p>“That’s a lie,” she said easily.</p>

      <p>Lucy and I both shouted in shock.</p>

      <p>“A lie...in what way?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“It’s false. I don’t have an <em>Inheritance</em> skill.”</p>

      <p>“Th-Then you don’t have her abilities at all! You’re tricking everyone!” Lucy shouted, raging. She’d once told me that the Grandsage was the pinnacle of mages, so maybe now she felt betrayed.</p>

      <p>“I mean, she’s still pretty impressive as a mage, so it’s fine, isn’t it?” From my perspective, she was someone (albeit a scary someone) that I owed, someone who had taught me all kinds of things.</p>

      <p>“No!” snapped Lucy. “She has to have the <em>power</em> of the Grandsage that fought alongside Abel the Savior! That’s why the Hero of Light skill is such a big thing, and why everyone respects Princess Noelle and her Priestess of Light skill... It’s the same one that the Holy Mother had. The Hero of Lightning skill is...I suppose more or less the same.”</p>

      <p>Poor Gerald...more or less the same indeed... It made sense, though. The tale of Abel the Savior and his heroic party was known by all. And, in the present day, their skills were almost deified by the people living in this world.</p>

      <p>“I apologize for getting you worked up,” the Grandsage interjected, “but I <em>do</em> have that power.”</p>

      <p>Both Lucy and I let out confused noises. What did she mean...? Hadn’t she said that she didn’t have the <em>Inheritance </em>skill?</p>

      <p>“How...can that be?”</p>

      <p>“I’m the same Grandsage,” answered the silver-haired, red-eyed woman in a dispassionate voice.</p>

      <p>“U-Uh...that’s not possible. Not even elves can live that long,” Lucy argued, apparently thinking it was a joke. After all, the Grandsage looked younger than me. Though, the way she spoke...was more grown-up.</p>

      <p>“I’m undead.”</p>

      <p>“What?!” Lucy and I shouted in unison.</p>

      <p>The air seemed to freeze. <em>That’s absurd...</em></p>

      <p>“Very few people are aware. As for you...well, you are a hero, so there should be no issue.”</p>

      <p>“U-Uh...I see?” That was all I could really manage.</p>

      <p>“Abel saved me back then. Ever since, I have been on mankind’s side.”</p>

      <p>Lucy was frozen. I suppose this revelation would be more of a shock to natives—the descendant of a legendary hero was not actually reincarnated, but undead...therefore, Lucy was speaking with the <em>actual</em> hero from a thousand years ago.</p>

      <p>Well, that did answer one thing. “So that’s why you didn’t really mind that Lucy was half-demon or Sasa was a monster.” It’d seemed weird that she hadn’t made a fuss about that last time.</p>

      <p>“That’s right. Incidentally, I am a vampire, though I was originally human.” The Grandsage grinned, showing off pointed fangs. The first time I’d seen her, she’d seemed almost doll-like, but now...she was a little scary.</p>

      <p>She was also slowly coming my way.</p>

      <p>“A vampire...? You can go out in the sunlight?” I asked. I’d lost control of my magic outdoors and during the daytime, but the Grandsage had been there to solve it. Weren’t vampires usually weak to sunlight?</p>

      <p>“I can, but it feels awful...just the worst.”</p>

      <p><em>It just feels bad?!</em> The Grandsage was still slowly drawing closer.</p>

      <p>“I can withstand it for a while,” she explained. “Though, I do take a little damage.”</p>

      <p>“I-I see. I apologize for the bother, then...” She was a little less than a meter away now. If I stretched an arm out, I could touch her. She was short, so when she finally came to a stop, I was looking down at her. <em>Maybe I should kneel?</em></p>

      <p>“I am somewhat anemic right now,” she commented, reaching up to touch my cheek. Her skin was cold to the touch. I remembered her cold fingers from last time when she’d used her magic to examine my skills.</p>

      <p>“This is the price, Elementalist. Hand over your blood.” As the Grandsage spoke, she let her fangs show.</p>

      <p><em>Uh...</em></p>

      <p>What was that just now?</p>

      <p>“Wait a minute!” Lucy shouted, getting between us. “What do you mean, hand over his blood?!”</p>

      <p>“I just explained, did I not? I am a vampire, so of course I drink blood.”</p>

      <p>“But then Makoto will turn into a vampire!”</p>

      <p>Oh, so it worked like that? Vampires turned people by sucking blood... I suppose that fact was true across worlds.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry,” the Grandsage said. “I wouldn’t turn another country’s hero into a vampire. I’ll hold back.”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, she grabbed hold of my collar and tugged me down.</p>

      <p><em>Whoa! She’s strong.</em></p>

      <p>Her pale skin and big red eyes loomed right in front of me.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>