<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 6: Makoto Takatsuki Meets the Priestess of the Moon</h1>

      <p>“Good evening, Takatsuki,” Sakurai greeted me.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Sakurai?” I answered.</p>

      <p>A moment later, Prince Leonardo exclaimed, “The Hero of Light?!”</p>

      <p>It was late in the evening—the prince and I had been practicing water magic in my room when Sakurai arrived.</p>

      <p>“Sorry to interrupt... But are you free later, Takatsuki?” asked Sakurai.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, sure. Do you mind, Prince Leonardo? Sorry to cut our training short.”</p>

      <p>“N-Not at all! Please see to the Hero of Light’s request first!”</p>

      <p>I figured Sakurai’d just come over to hang out, but his serious expression had probably prompted the prince to infer something else. I waved Sakurai toward a chair and then sank down on my bed, crossing my legs. Prince Leonardo sat next to me.</p>

      <p>“So, what’s up?”</p>

      <p>“Honestly...I want to discuss the Priestess of the Moon.”</p>

      <p>With a tired expression on his face, Sakurai started a halting explanation.</p>

      <p>The current moon priestess was descended from the Laphroaig royal family, who once ruled the now-destroyed country of the same name. As the Priestess of the Moon, she was the representative for the Goddess of the Moon, Naya, and the central figure for Naya’s believers.</p>

      <p>However, the reputation of moon-aligned followers sank like a rock a thousand years ago when the moon priestess of that era defected to the side of the Great Demon Lord during the war.</p>

      <p>It was Abel the Savior that’d eventually revealed the old moon priestess’s allegiance; after the defeat of the Great Demon Lord, the entire nation of Laphroaig had been destroyed by an alliance of the six nations, the foremost of which was Highland. Everyone in the Laphroaig family had been eradicated during that annihilation.</p>

      <p>Everyone...except for one person—Laphroaig’s princess, the Priestess of the Moon.</p>

      <p>“How come?” I asked Sakurai once he’d explained that history. “Wouldn’t it usually be the other way around?” I would’ve thought that the top people in the country would have been taken straight to the chopping block, while the rest of the citizens would’ve been spared.</p>

      <p>“The princess vanished at the same time as the Great Demon Lord was defeated,” Prince Leonardo offered. “She was also known as the Witch of Calamity. Some people claim that she was slain by the savior as well.”</p>

      <p><em>Hmm, okay.</em></p>

      <p>“Since then, very few moon priestesses have appeared, and all of them have been descendants of that royal family. Recently, the Soleil Knights captured one of those priestesses.” Sakurai’s expression looked pained. I didn’t know why, though.</p>

      <p>“I had heard that she was leading a restoration of Laphroaig and gathering the cambions within its lands,” explained Prince Leonardo. “That was apparently the reason the Soleil Knights apprehended her. Sir Sakurai was surely involved.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, right, Fujiyan mentioned that.” I remembered thinking at the time that Sakurai didn’t have it easy.</p>

      <p>“But...” Sakurai hesitated. “The people actually living in Laphroaig were harmless. They were living in peace.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“The Soleil Knights’ purpose in doing so was demonstrative—we wanted to encourage and give hope to the people who fear the Great Demon Lord... But, in reality, our actions just oppressed cambions who weren’t hurting anyone...”</p>

      <p>“Sakurai...”</p>

      <p>It...was a depressing topic. Sakurai must have been used.</p>

      <p>“I was chosen for the exercise because of my <em>Debuff Immunity</em> skill. The priestess has—on top of her fate magic—considerable skill in dark magic and curses.” His voice was nowhere near as bright as normal. “She cussed me out and asked what I found enjoyable about hurting weak people. Especially hurting those who were living peacefully.”</p>

      <p>The prince and I remained silent. It wasn’t a pleasant story to hear.</p>

      <p>“She’s recently escaped, but she hasn’t left the city. I really shouldn’t...but I want to help her escape...”</p>

      <p>I exchanged a glance with Prince Leonardo at the admission.</p>

      <p>The prince spoke first and asked Sakurai, “What do you want to do?”</p>

      <p>“And what about your subordinates?” I added. “Will the Soleil Knights help you?”</p>

      <p>Sakurai gave a long pause.</p>

      <p>“My plan...goes against the decisions of Highland’s superiors. My motivation is my own selfishness.”</p>

      <p>Right, so his fellow knights certainly wouldn’t offer aid.</p>

      <p>“So, do you know where she is?” I inquired.</p>

      <p>“No...” he answered apologetically. “I’m not great at gathering information like that.”</p>

      <p>This was a tricky one. Finding people would be Fujiyan’s wheelhouse since he had his merchant network. He was already really busy though, so I didn’t want to ask that of him. The prince might be able to use his status, but he was probably in the same boat. We were stuck.</p>

      <p><em>The graveyards,</em> Noah said in my mind.</p>

      <p>Noah?</p>

      <p><em>Search the city’s graveyards,</em> she told me explicitly.</p>

      <p>What brought this on?</p>

      <p><em>Don’t you feel sorry for her? She doesn’t deserve that, does she?</em></p>

      <p>Something sounds fishy... Do you have an ulterior motive there?</p>

      <p><em>Rude! I don’t!</em></p>

      <p>It certainly was rude. Guess I shouldn’t doubt my goddess. Thank you, Noah.</p>

      <p>“A graveyard, Sakurai. That’s where she is.”</p>

      <p>The other two looked at me with wide eyes and both sputtered out a questioning noise.</p>

      <p>But in the end, we three heroes headed off for the graveyards.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>There were two main types of cemeteries in Symphonia.</p>

      <p>The first were Holy Resting Grounds, where royals, clergy, and other nobility were interred. They were guarded around-the-clock by the Temple Knights to stop any grave robbing.</p>

      <p>As for the second type...</p>

      <p>“I think she’ll be hiding here,” Sakurai told us. He’d explained the segregation of the graveyards, and after, had guided us to a cemetery that was not restricted to the higher echelons of society. Here, in the public cemetery, commoners of the fourth through ninth districts could be buried. Humans, beastmen, and other demi-humans were all included, and the cemetery had rows of graves within it.</p>

      <p>It was also late at night, so our presence wouldn’t draw attention.</p>

      <p>Sakurai and Prince Leonardo were both wearing plain armor. As for me? Well, my normal clothes were plain anyway, so I hadn’t needed to change. Wooo.</p>

      <p>“But the Temple Knights and priests should patrol this cemetery as well,” Prince Leonardo interjected. “After all, corpses are used to create the undead.”</p>

      <p>That was a real “otherworld problem” if I’d ever heard one. Cemeteries in this world could become infested by the undead, so even public ones needed to be patrolled.</p>

      <p>“I can’t see any. No humans at least,” I offered quietly.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, so undead are just roaming the place,” Sakurai added.</p>

      <p>Skeletons and zombies were just shuffling between the graves like they owned the place. We used <em>Stealth</em> to gradually make our way through. I hadn’t expected Sakurai to have that skill since he was so strong—I figured he’d have no need to hide from monsters.</p>

      <p>There were enough trees around the graveyard that it was like walking through a forest, plus, there was a thick mist that made visibility awful. The monsters probably wouldn’t spot us. Though, some of them were standing around, almost like lookouts in set locations. This amount of undead in one place surely wasn’t a natural occurrence.</p>

      <p>“Think we’ve got the place?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“She is a necromancer,” said Sakurai, “so I think we do.”</p>

      <p>“The lack of Temple Knights and priests might also be due to her puppetry. It would certainly explain their absence,” the prince reasoned.</p>

      <p>So the moon priestess was probably here after all. We’d found a woman wanted throughout Highland’s capital in no time flat... That’s my goddess.</p>

      <p><em>You’ve got that right,</em> she replied with a giggle.</p>

      <p>Thank you, Noah. Time to confirm things.</p>

      <p>I turned to Prince Leonardo. “I know I invited you, but are you sure you should’ve come?” He didn’t have <em>Stealth</em>, so he was holding my sleeve. It was pretty adorable; he was like a puppy.</p>

      <p>“I will be fine. I am a hero after all.” His tone was firm, but his voice shook. He was letting out soft <em>eeps</em> and jumping every time we saw a zombie. Honestly, I was worried—Princess Sophia was definitely going to have something to say to me about it.</p>

      <p>“Before we see her, there’s something I need to warn you two about,” Sakurai said seriously. “She can use fate magic to see the future. It isn’t all-powerful, but there’s a distinct possibility that she may know we’re coming. She also has high-level <em>Puppetry</em> and <em>Charm</em> skills. If she touches us, even I won’t be able to resist her bidding.”</p>

      <p>“But you’re the Hero of Light?!” Prince Leonardo exclaimed in shock.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Fortunately, my fellow Soleil Knights helped me, but people without resistance against mental effects can get ensnared by just hearing her voice or meeting her eyes.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>