<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“This is convenient, but aren’t there monsters underwater?” she asked. “Like sea serpents?”</p>

      <p>“Sasa, we’re not in Labyrinthos right now,” I said with a strained grin. There wouldn’t be any monsters in the tunnels, since Symphonia would certainly have a barrier in place to repel them.</p>

      <p>“About the only thing there’d be here are class zeroes,” I told her.</p>

      <p>“What’s a class zero?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, it refers to a monster’s danger level. The adventurer’s guild determines them. Class zeroes can be taken down by even an average person.”</p>

      <p>I took the opportunity to explain the classification of monster strength in this world. It was a scale from zero to eight. Classes four and above were also called calamities.</p>

      <p>“It’s so carefully divided up,” Sasa said in admiration.</p>

      <p>“You’re one of those last four, by the way.”</p>

      <p>“Wha?! I-I’m a calamity?!”</p>

      <p>She was utterly shocked. So she hadn’t realized... Honestly, she didn’t have a good gauge of her own strength.</p>

      <p>There were smaller tunnels that split off around us—the main tunnel was around five meters wide, while the tributary tunnels were only two or three meters wide.</p>

      <p>I was going slowly, using <em>Mapping</em> to make sure we didn’t get lost. It was much more pleasant than a dungeon though because we didn’t have to worry about monsters. We did, however, have to look out for the Snake Sect or the mafia. It would be bad if we were spotted. Regardless, we hadn’t come across anyone yet, so it was like taking a casual stroll through the tunnels.</p>

      <p>“Sasa, stop,” I said suddenly as my <em>Scout</em> skill reacted.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I can hear footsteps... More than one set.”</p>

      <p>We used <em>Stealth</em> to hide. Was this the Snake Sect? If so, we’d hit the jackpot. Sasa and I held our breaths and waited.</p>

      <p>The steps were strangely “clacky,” but eventually, figures appeared. They were humanoid but lacked any meat... Just bones...but they were moving.</p>

      <p>They were undead.</p>

      <p>“Skeletons?!” I exclaimed quietly.</p>

      <p>“See, there <em>are</em> monsters,” Sasa replied.</p>

      <p>Weird...what had happened to the barrier?</p>

      <p>“What should we do?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, we could just ignore them...”</p>

      <p>There was an important concept in dungeon clearing—always try to take out any monsters you come across to avoid getting caught in a pincer on your way out. Lucas—a veteran—had constantly warned us to make sure we always had an escape route cleared.</p>

      <p>“Let’s take them down.”</p>

      <p>“Got it.”</p>

      <p>The tunnels had a plentiful supply of water, which would act as my weapon. Fortunately, there were plenty of water elementals here as well.</p>

      <p>Just as I was about to use my water magic to deal with them, Sasa gave a slight cheer. Her hammer suddenly grew in size, and she crushed all three of them in one blow. There was a crunch as the skeletons broke into pieces.</p>

      <p>“Whoa...” I whispered.</p>

      <p>“Wait... That was it?”</p>

      <p>The former skeletons were now bone fragments that’d simply smacked against the wall. She’d cleared them in a single hit...</p>

      <p><em>Well, on we go.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Skeletons, more skeletons, zombies, even more skeletons...there’s quite a few of them,” I commented, listing off what we’d come across so far.</p>

      <p>“And they’re all undead,” Sasa grumbled with a tired look. It hadn’t taken more than one hit for her to defeat any of them. I’d expect no less, but something was bothering me.</p>

      <p>“They’re always in groups of three.”</p>

      <p>“It’s not a coincidence?”</p>

      <p>“Three-man teams are used for troops...” I mused. “Someone’s pulling their strings.” A necromancer with moon magic would be able to control the skeletons and zombies, which meant there was a high chance someone was controlling these. “Could it be related to the cambions...or the Snake Sect?” I wondered.</p>

      <p>“Maybe we should head back?” Sasa suggested.</p>

      <p>She’d been unstoppable so far, but now she seemed nervous. I’d want to avoid anything stronger as well, so I was about to agree, but then we heard someone shout.</p>

      <p>“H-Help! Damn it all!”</p>

      <p>An adventurer? Or maybe...</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki, we have to help!” Sasa wasn’t the wait-and-see type. It was kinda manly, actually.</p>

      <p>We rushed toward the scream and saw a young man screeching, surrounded by skeletons and zombies.</p>

      <p>We had to do something!</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Water Dragon!</em>” I cast, sending the magic toward the man.</p>

      <p>“Gah!” The spell only impacted the man, carrying him away. Now there was some distance between him and the monsters.</p>

      <p>“Sasa!” I called.</p>

      <p>“Got it!”</p>

      <p>There was a loud thud as Sasa’s massive hammer swiped through the air and sent the undead horde flying. There were about twenty of them.</p>

      <p>“I’m done,” she immediately reported.</p>

      <p>“Already?!”</p>

      <p>It hadn’t even taken a minute... I was glad she was with me.</p>

      <p>“What about the guy?”</p>

      <p>“Passed out. Come on, wake up,” I called, lightly slapping his cheeks.</p>

      <p>He looked to be around twenty or so, with...dog? Or maybe wolf ears. The darkness made it hard to tell, but his clothes looked pretty high-quality.</p>

      <p>And that was despite being in the ninth district. Hmm...who was this person?</p>

      <p>“Ugh... What happened?” groaned the man as he stirred awake. “Am I dead?”</p>

      <p>“You’re alive.”</p>

      <p>“Y-You two!” He quickly backed away, but then he saw the array of monsters—or more accurately, the chunks they’d been turned into—and just stared in shock.</p>

      <p>“You took them all out. Who in the... It doesn’t matter—you saved me. My thanks.”</p>

      <p>“You’re quite welcome,” I told him.</p>

      <p>Sasa shrunk her hammer again.</p>

      <p>“My name’s Peter Castor. You can call me Brother if you like,” he grinned, offering an exaggerated bow. It ended up coming across as a bit pretentious.</p>

      <p>“I’m Makoto Takatsuki and this is Aya Sasaki. We’re adventurers from Roses.” I left out the bit about being a hero.</p>

      <p>“Why are you here of all places? Oh...getting rid of the monsters. Well, you sure saved me at least. The guild works fast!”</p>

      <p>Peter nodded to himself in acceptance, apparently not finding us suspicious. I couldn’t just ask him if he knew anything about the Snake Sect out of nowhere, so we’d have to carry on with the small talk.</p>

      <p>“Are there often monsters down here?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Come on, Brother! Of course not! I’m down here a lot, but this is the first time I’ve come across the undead!”</p>

      <p>So there <em>weren’t</em> normally monsters here after all. Something strange had to be going on.</p>

      <p>“We took down at least ten groups of skeletons and zombies on our way, though,” Sasa told him.</p>

      <p>“Whoa, for real, little miss?! We’re not going to be able to get work done down here, then!” He seemed dismayed to hear it.</p>

      <p>“We’re going now—want to come with?” I offered.</p>

      <p>“Sure! I ’ppreciate it! I was with my friends, but we split up,” he explained happily.</p>

      <p>“You don’t want to look for them?”</p>

      <p>“I stayed back as bait, they’ll have already gotten out.”</p>

      <p>He was still thinking of his friends at least, so despite where we’d met him, he didn’t seem like a <em>bad</em> person.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, then.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll lead the way,” he suggested before explaining proudly. “I’ve been coming here since I was a kid. I know the place like the back of my hand.”</p>

      <p>Weren’t kids steered away from the tunnels, though?</p>

      <p>Every time any undead showed up, Sasa would pound them down with her hammer and a quiet yell.</p>

      <p>“You’re really something, little miss. There’s nothing left of them!” Peter exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki’s even stronger,” she replied.</p>

      <p><em>Hold on! You don’t need to say that.</em></p>

      <p>“Wicked, Brother. What rank are you? You famous?”</p>

      <p>“I’m a silver rank, but only because of Sasa’s help,” I explained the misunderstanding, showing him my metal badge.</p>

      <p>“I get you. Keep your trump card in reserve, huh?”</p>

      <p><em>You don’t get me at all...</em></p>

      <p>“By the way, what were you doing down here, Peter?” Since we were keeping up the small talk, I decided to sound him out.</p>

      <p>“Come on, you don’t need to be so formal. You can even call me Pete, Brother! I was here for work. We’d had a meeting, but they never showed, then the monsters turned up. It’s definitely been a day! Worth it to meet you two, though! I’ll have to thank Ira!” Peter offered a prayer as he grabbed the fine gold chain around his neck.</p>

      <p><em>He’s praying to the Goddess of Fortune, Ira... I’m pretty sure he’s not part of the Snake Sect, then.</em></p>

      <p>Their members all followed the Daemon Typhon, and according to Noah, they were zealots, so they wouldn’t pray to other deities even as an act.</p>

      <p><em>Ira is related to luck and business, so many of her believers are merchants...</em></p>

      <p>“That’s awful, Pete. Is the exit around here?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Yup, it’s here! I’m sure of it.”</p>

      <p>He was right—we stepped out of the tunnels in a different place than we’d entered.</p>

      <p>“Too bright!”</p>

      <p>“My eyes aren’t used to it!”</p>

      <p>Sasa and I both shielded our eyes as we stepped out of the dim tunnels and into the bright sunlight. I wanted some sunglasses.</p>

      <p>“Brother, you need these if you’re going under!”</p>

      <p>I looked at Peter and saw him wearing...sunglasses. So they had those, even in this world.</p>

      <p>Just then, I heard some noisy footsteps approaching.</p>

      <p>“Cap!”</p>

      <p>“Are you safe?!”</p>

      <p>“Are you hurt?!”</p>

      <p>They belonged to a bunch of rough-looking men with short hair and tattoos! All of them had sunglasses too! Who were they?</p>

      <p>“Listen up! These two saved my life! Don’t be rude!” His earlier easygoing demeanor had vanished and his voice now sounded threatening.</p>

      <p>“Our apologies, Cap!” they chorused.</p>

      <p>Sasa and I just made confused noises before looking back at Peter.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Brother! I haven’t got the time today, so we’ll thank you in the future. Take this as a symbol of that pledge.” Peter handed me a gold badge with some crest on it. “Be seeing you!”</p>

      <p>With that, the black-clad men surrounded him, and then they all left.</p>

      <p>Sasa and I just looked at each other.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Takatsuki...”</p>

      <p>Yup, I knew what she wanted to say.</p>

      <p>“Pete’s one of the mafia.”</p>

      <p>The Goddess of Fortune, Ira, was a goddess popular with merchants and the mafia.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki...what’d they mean by Cap?”</p>

      <p>“Uhhh, maybe <em>capo</em>? It’s a title in the mafia, I think.”</p>

      <p>“What do we do now?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Let’s... Let’s just go back.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah...”</p>

      <p>We ended up leaving the ninth district without discovering any sign of the Snake Sect.</p>

      <p>When we returned to the inn, a summons to the castle was waiting for us.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>