<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 7: Makoto Takatsuki Guards the Capital</h1>

      <p>The inauguration was an event held to confirm the Hero of Light as one of the leaders of the Soleil Knights, a title that Sakurai had earned after defeating the blight dragons. Its other purpose was to inform other countries that Highland had the allegiance of Abel the Savior’s reincarnation. Coincidentally, the ceremony would also announce the appointment of a new State-Authorized Hero in the small land of Roses. <em>So I’m coincidental then? I see.</em></p>

      <p>I could hear the knights chatting from where I was sitting.</p>

      <p>“Shame the weather couldn’t have been nicer for the event,” one knight complained.</p>

      <p>“We could’ve held it on a different day, yeah. I hate wearing wet armor.”</p>

      <p>“Surely the Grandsage could’ve changed the weather.”</p>

      <p>“She would never, though. She follows her own whims too much.”</p>

      <p>“You’re right, there...”</p>

      <p>We were gathered in the plaza in front of Highland Castle. It was normally used as a garden, but there were tens of thousands of soldiers standing at attention there instead. The skies were cloudy, and rain was drizzling down on us. A clear day would’ve definitely been more picturesque, but the tens of thousands of soldiers were still an intimidating sight. I was honestly shocked that this was just a <em>part</em> of Highland’s troops.</p>

      <p>“Will they really rebel against this?” I wondered to myself.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Takatsuki?”</p>

      <p>“Makoto, it <em>will</em> happen, right?”</p>

      <p>Sasa and Lucy needled me when they heard my whisper. Whoops, better keep my mouth shut.</p>

      <p>Our group was in the visitor’s seats reserved for nobles. We were being treated as more-or-less some of the central figures here. Princess Sophia and Prince Leonardo were situated a little ways away since they were royalty. I was kinda worried about their safety. Still, they had that bodyguard of theirs, so they’d probably be fine.</p>

      <p>Fujiyan and the others were evacuating to safety. Furiae...was behind us, a hood covering her face. She was acting as an “attendant” for the Hero of Roses. <em>I hope she behaves...</em></p>

      <p>The event had begun with a parade, and now, there were a bunch of nobles assembled and congratulatory addresses were being read.</p>

      <p>It was taking ages...how long would this carry on for? Part way through, I’d set <em>Calm Mind</em> to 99% and had started practicing my water magic to pass the boring time.</p>

      <p>As I was doing that, I heard fanfare from up high. <em>Oh?</em></p>

      <p>“Hero of Light, Ryousuke Sakurai! Come forth!”</p>

      <p>“At once!” he replied.</p>

      <p>Sakurai had finally been called down, so it was time for the main event. He strode up onto the stage wearing his shining silver armor. Joining him on stage were Highland’s princes, the Sacred Nobles, and the pope—all important people that I’d seen at the meeting. There was someone positioned even higher on the stage, and I assumed that he was the king of Highland, though I had never seen him before.</p>

      <p>“In the name of the Goddess of the Sun, Althena, I appoint you as leader of the Soleil Knights,” Princess Noelle declared. Sakurai knelt, accepting the ceremonial sword she offered.</p>

      <p>“It is an honor.”</p>

      <p>“How divine,” someone nearby murmured.</p>

      <p>“It is wonderful to see the reincarnations of our savior and saint alongside one another.”</p>

      <p>“It is magnificent to bear witness to such a splendid sight...”</p>

      <p>Everyone seemed satisfied with the ceremony, which I assumed had been patterned after the legends of a thousand years ago. The beautiful Princess Noelle, the handsome knight Sakurai—both, standing side by side... It certainly did paint a picture.</p>

      <p>I could hear a “tch,” from Furiae behind me.</p>

      <p><em>Come on, no curses here,</em> I thought.</p>

      <p>But suddenly, my train of thought was derailed by the sound of an explosion. The ground around us shook violently.</p>

      <p><em>What?!</em></p>

      <p>“It’s an attack!”</p>

      <p>“Shielders! Ready!”</p>

      <p>“Protect His Majesty!”</p>

      <p>The well-trained knights murmured for a moment but quickly rallied. Of course, our group wasn’t just sitting and watching—we were headed toward Princess Sophia, alert to our surroundings along the way. Furiae...yeah, she was with us still.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t see through the dense crowd, but there were more thudding explosions that quaked the ground.</p>

      <p>“They’re from the Snake Sect!” someone hollered.</p>

      <p>“They’ve got mages! Watch out!”</p>

      <p>“Shielders, forward!”</p>

      <p>“Get the healers! We’ve got wounded!”</p>

      <p>The Snake Sect was carrying out a suicide attack? So...there wasn’t a rebellion of the beastmen after all. What a surprise.</p>

      <p>I’d figured that the Snake Sect would be the last to appear. The invaders had come from the edge of the plaza, so I couldn’t really see them through the tens of thousands of Highland soldiers that were assembled. Guards surrounded and protected the royalty and nobility, so it didn’t seem like the Snake Sect had much chance of making a dent in Highland’s forces...</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki!” Sasa called, drawing my attention toward the middle of the soldiers. Someone was moving weirdly through them?!</p>

      <p>“There are enemies hiding among the soldiers!” I yelled as we headed for the princess.</p>

      <p><em>Damn, no one’s noticed!</em></p>

      <p>A Highland soldier had abandoned his post and was running toward Princess Sophia. I could hear him already chanting something!</p>

      <p>“Someone, protect the prince and princess!” I yelled.</p>

      <p>“Rahhhh!”</p>

      <p>The geezer bodyguard was there! He stood in front of them, a bulwark of protection, as the terrorist disguised as a soldier finished his chant.</p>

      <p><em>Suicide Magic: Fire Storm.</em></p>

      <p><em>Suicide Magic?! It couldn’t get worse! </em>That type of magic had been completely forbidden to us at the Water Temple.</p>

      <p>That magic didn’t use mana, but rather, spent the caster’s <em>life</em>. The only benefit was that you could cast spells without a magic skill. But, that power was explicitly forbidden by the churches of the goddesses. Back at the Water Temple, they wouldn’t even discuss <em>how</em> the spells were used...and this terrorist had used it without hesitation.</p>

      <p>“Glory to the cambions!” he screamed.</p>

      <p><em>Damn it! I wasn’t going to make it!</em></p>

      <p>As the caster tried to blow himself up, the bodyguard leaped for him, trying to shield Roses’s royals.</p>

      <p>“Geezer!” I cried.</p>

      <p>A moment later, the explosion rang out. A pillar of fire rose into the air, and I saw that it was just as powerful as some of Lucy’s high rank spells.</p>

      <p>“N-No!”</p>

      <p>“Geezer...”</p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa both screamed out in grief. Damn it! He’d made sure that no one around him had been hurt. But...he’d sacrificed himself.</p>

      <p>“What a gallant knight...”</p>

      <p>“Who was he?”</p>

      <p>“A bodyguard from Roses, apparently.”</p>

      <p>“A wonderful example of a knight...”</p>

      <p>“Don’t let your guard down! There are pretenders disguised as Highland soldiers!”</p>

      <p>The knights around me were reacting to the blast as well. I listened to the cacophony as I moved toward Princess Sophia and the smoke that hung over her.</p>

      <p>Then, I saw the geezer, swallowed by flames.</p>

      <p><em>Damn it all!</em> I thought, collapsing to the ground. The flames finally died out, and the blackened corp—</p>

      <p>“<em>Suicide Magic</em>? How despicable! Lady Sophia, Prince Leonardo, are you safe?!” The <em>slightly</em> blackened figure of the bodyguard was swaying on his feet. The enemy Snake Sect soldier was in his arms, limp.</p>

      <p>“What?” the three of us asked flatly. Actually, in our collective shock, more than just the three of us probably uttered that...</p>

      <p>“Don’t let your guard down, everyone. They won’t hesitate to do anything! This is a vicious attack!” he declared grandly.</p>

      <p><em>Come on! You’re pretty much uninjured!</em></p>

      <p>I didn’t have <em>Mind Reading</em> like Fujiyan, but I was pretty sure I could hear everyone thinking the same thing. The bodyguard’s <em>Iron Wall </em>skill sure was impressive! Also, the attacker had blown himself up...but somehow, he was still alive?</p>

      <p>So did <em>Suicide Magic</em> only use <em>some</em> of the caster’s life force? That...might actually be usable...</p>

      <p><em>Don’t even think it! </em>Noah screamed in my mind.<em> No. Suicide. Spells!</em></p>

      <p>Ah, right, I was just joking, goddess.</p>

      <p>“Princess Sophia, Prince Leonardo, are you okay?” I asked. “Nice one, Geezer!”</p>

      <p>He guffawed. “It’s all thanks to your warning!”</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto, I am well. This has become quite the issue.” The princess was casting healing magic on the bodyguard as she spoke.</p>

      <p>“Sasa, stay with Prince Leonardo.”</p>

      <p>“Got it,” she replied confidently.</p>

      <p>The knights from Roses were gradually gathering around us as well.</p>

      <p>“Lady Noelle!”</p>

      <p>“Enemies!”</p>

      <p>“They’re disguised as soldiers!”</p>

      <p>Other blasts were going off around us. Were they after the priestesses?</p>

      <p>In an instant, the explosions vanished into light. Was that Sakurai? I glanced over and saw him protecting Princess Noelle. The enemies seemed powerless before him.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Makoto? Is this the Snake Sect?” Lucy asked, surveying the area.</p>

      <p>“Probably. That attacker shouted ‘glory to the cambions’ after all. It’s not a well-organized strike, though...”</p>

      <p>There were only a few dozen Snake Sect guerrillas attacking a place with tens of thousands of soldiers. Even if one assumed that the initial explosion outside was a diversion and they were actually after the priestesses...their attack had been utterly subdued. It was all pretty simplistic.</p>

      <p>“Is that the end of them?” Princess Sophia asked. She’d been targeted, so her face was hard, but she was still acting calm.</p>

      <p>“Looks like it,” I stated. “Another attack while we’re all so alert would...” My words trailed off. Highland soldiers were ferreting out anyone who was acting suspicious, so I didn’t think there would be another battle. “If there’s going to be another attack...” I restated, my mind occupied. I peered up at the sky and used <em>Scout</em>. Lucy followed my gaze. The clouds made the visibility poor, but among the cloud cover were...</p>

      <p>“Wyverns!” Lucy shouted.</p>

      <p>There was a group of them flying toward us! Had they been hiding among the clouds?</p>

      <p>“Mages! Shoot them down!”</p>

      <p>“We’re trying! There’re too many of them!”</p>

      <p>The wyverns were snaking their way through the air toward us. Though the mage corps tried to intercept, they didn’t manage to take them out. I used my <em>Clairvoyance </em>skill to look at the riders. It was like another suicide squad.</p>

      <p><em>They’re zealots...</em></p>

      <p>“No good, fall back!” yelled a soldier.</p>

      <p>About a dozen seconds later, the entire area was blown apart.</p>

      <p>“Princess Sophia,” I yelled, grabbing onto her hand.</p>

      <p>She looked shocked for a second, then seemed to infer what I meant. “Very well.”</p>

      <p>I instantly synchronized with her and felt the raging river of her mana flow into me.</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic: Snowman Battalion.</em></p>

      <p>There were a lot of enemies, so we needed to respond in kind. I’d created several hundred snowmen that were a few meters tall.</p>

      <p>The wyverns appeared in the air above us, but were swallowed up with faint puffs—my enormous snowmen engulfed the wyverns and Snake Sect riders alike. They could chill out in the snow for a while.</p>

      <p>“Wow, what a cute spell, Takatsuki,” Sasa cheered.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm,” Princess Sophia said hesitantly, tapping me on my arm with reddened cheeks.</p>

      <p>“’Scuse me, Princess Sophia,” I replied, going to let go of her hand...but she’d tightened her grip.</p>

      <p>“You’re always...so abrupt,” she said, staring into my eyes and still clutching my hand.</p>

      <p>“Makoto!” Lucy shouted, bonking me on the shoulder with her staff.</p>

      <p>“What’s up, Lucy?”</p>

      <p>“How long are you going to stare at each other?” she asked. “Those guys you froze are going down.”</p>

      <p>The wyverns and their riders were indeed falling from the sky. And, from their current height, impacting the ground would definitely kill them if they weren’t lucky...</p>

      <p>Fine, guess I’d need to risk myself as well.</p>

      <p>Just as I made my decision, there was a quiet voice.</p>

      <p>“<em>Gravity Magic: Float.</em>”</p>

      <p>A huge magic circle glowed to life following the voice’s command, and the enemies started floating just before they hit the ground. I spied a short mage with white hair and a matching robe standing in the middle of the circle.</p>

      <p>“Grandsage?”</p>

      <p>“Sorry I’m late,” she said. “You had to clean up for me.”</p>

      <p>The mana infusing the area was shaking. So this was her being “ready for war”?</p>

      <p>“There’s bad energy in the air,” she commented with an unpleasant look. “It seems that there’s a retainer of Iblis here.”</p>

      <p>The area stirred at her words. Some people screamed. Others started to tremble, and still others just hunched down on the ground.</p>

      <p>“Iblis” was the name of the Great Demon Lord from a millennium ago. <em>The Great Demon Lord Iblis</em>. That name was a symbol of fear to the inhabitants of this world, and the terror of it was ingrained into their psyches.</p>

      <p>If they reacted like that to just the name, would they even be able to <em>fight</em> once the Great Demon Lord returned?</p>

      <p>“Grandsage, I offer our thanks for your aid,” said the prime minister as he arrived. The king wasn’t here anymore. Had he been evacuated?</p>

      <p>“How could this happen?! How did these filthy heretics infiltrate our renowned castle?!” demanded someone. I was pretty sure it was the first prince of Highland.</p>

      <p>“Noelle,” wheedled a second voice. “Responsibility for this attack lies somewhere, and we need to find the source of it.”</p>

      <p>That was probably the second prince. I couldn’t see Princess Noelle’s expression since she was behind Sakurai. The other nobility and clergymen all seemed safe. The soldiers were arresting the frozen members of the Snake Sect and taking them off somewhere, along with the wyverns.</p>

      <p><em>Sorry it’s such an annoyance to deal with,</em> I apologized mentally.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, Hero of Roses. You have our thanks for dealing with the attack from the Snake Sect,” stated Princess Sophia as she stepped over to us. “It was magnificently done. Grandsage, I offer my thanks to you as well.”</p>

      <p>I indicated that Lucy should take over the job of hiding Furiae, then stepped forward.</p>

      <p>“It was a shock, but this is all they can muster?” laughed one noble.</p>

      <p>“Well, they <em>are</em> empty-brained and filthy-blooded.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed, indeed. It was a foolish attack.”</p>

      <p>Things were starting to relax...but then, someone else spoke.</p>

      <p>“No, I’m afraid things have only just begun.”</p>

      <p>Everyone turned to focus on the speaker. The figure was standing atop the king’s throne upon the stage, in the highest position available.</p>

      <p>It was...a very much out-of-place clown. A familiar clown. He’d been in Horn.</p>

      <p>“Who are you?!”</p>

      <p>“Get off of there now!”</p>

      <p>Knights ran over to the stage.</p>

      <p>“Wait.” The Grandsage spoke simply, instantly stopping the soldiers. “That man is being puppeted.”</p>

      <p>“He is, Grandsage?”</p>

      <p>“Oh?” mused the clown. “Ah, I see, you are the White Grandsage, a descendant of the legendary party!” His easy smile didn’t abate. Yet, when I looked closer, I could see that his eyes were empty. It was obvious to see that he was being controlled.</p>

      <p>“That man,” I said, pointing at the clown, “was the one commanding the monsters that attacked Horn, right?”</p>

      <p>The clown shrugged. “He was a disappointment.”</p>

      <p><em>So...the clown is truly being used like a </em>marionette<em>—someone else is speaking through him.</em></p>

      <p>“Despite all that time and money,” continued the puppet-clown, “he couldn’t crush Horn.”</p>

      <p>“What?!” the geezer demanded.</p>

      <p>“Now, now, calm down,” I said. After all, it would be foolish to respond to provocation—our enemy definitely wanted that. “Honestly, whoever came up with that plan screwed up,” I pointed out. “I mean, did the mastermind really expect those trash mobs to crush Horn? The cambions actually executing that flimsy plan did everything they could.”</p>

      <p>Provocation was the best response to provocation.</p>

      <p>“Certainly...” the puppet-clown replied after a pause. “So then, are you the new otherworlder hero?” His expression hadn’t changed, but I could hear the anger in his voice. Maybe he was more upfront than I’d expected.</p>

      <p>“I’ll let you introduce yourself first,” I countered. Who <em>was</em> this guy? He probably had something to do with the Snake Sect at least.</p>

      <p>The clown...or rather, the person controlling the clown, introduced himself. “My name is Isaac. I am our mighty leader Iblis’s son, Archbishop of the Snake Sect.”</p>

      <p>Great Demon Lord Iblis’s son...? So that meant...</p>

      <p>“You’re a demon lord?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“No, Makoto,” Prince Leonardo started to explain. “The leaders of the Snake Sect all call themselves the Great Demon Lord’s son.”</p>

      <p>“There are only the three demon lords on the demon continent,” Princess Sophia added.</p>

      <p>“You fool!” the first prince proclaimed confidently. “I care not whether you’re an archbishop—your men are already defeated!” Well, the attack <em>had</em> failed. Archbishop Isaac didn’t reply; he just raised his hand skyward. Held in his grasp was a metal object that looked like an apple circled by a snake.</p>

      <p>A pair of knights shouted out a warning.</p>

      <p>“Watch out!”</p>

      <p>“What’s he planning?!”</p>

      <p>The item didn’t seem to have any mana in it, though. It was empty, already used.</p>

      <p>“I used this tool back in Roses. It preserves our mighty father’s voice,” Isaac declared.</p>

      <p>“What in the...?”</p>

      <p>“Does he mean...?”</p>

      <p>The soldiers all looked puzzled.</p>

      <p><em>Could that be...</em></p>

      <p>“Is that an item that creates blight monsters?” I asked.</p>

      <p>Back in Horn, a giant on the verge of death had been transformed into a blight giant. When that had happened, I’d heard the Great Demon Lord’s voice, its juvenile claims...</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto?! Is that true?” Princess Sophia exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“Oh... I’m impressed,” Isaac said. His tone mirrored his words.</p>

      <p>“Before the blight giant awakened, I heard a childish voice,” I stated. “It spoke about warriors and going against fate.”</p>

      <p>“That was almost certainly Iblis’s voice,” the archbishop replied.</p>

      <p>So...talking about “fate” must’ve been a habit of the Great Demon Lord.</p>

      <p>“The monsters we have tamed are currently massing around the city,” continued Isaac with a grin. As the words left his mouth, I could hear a bell tolling rapidly from the gates.</p>

      <p>“Reporting! There are monsters marching on the four gates!”</p>

      <p>Some nobles around us began crying out in distress.</p>

      <p>“At all four?!”</p>

      <p>“Impossible! There was only an increased monster presence in the forest!”</p>

      <p>“There is no problem,” the commander in chief of the Soleil Knights calmly answered, interrupting the panicking nobles. “The Soleil Knights and the Cardinal Knights were all assigned to the gates yesterday. The Temple Knights have all been reassigned as well, apart from the bare minimum needed to maintain peace within the city.” If memory served, Owain was the commander’s name. He was Sakurai’s boss, and his composure under pressure was just what I’d expect from the head of the country’s military.</p>

      <p>“Oh...and here I thought we’d hidden the sea monsters. Impressive preparation indeed,” Archbishop Isaac commented, his calmness still intact.</p>

      <p>“Hah!” a noble laughed. “This is nothing more than an imbecilic gathering of cambions, after all. They will never breach our defenses!”</p>

      <p>“Just as I would expect from our Lord Owain,” another noble added. “We have nothing to fear from the filthy cambions!”</p>

      <p>Well, I guess they were feeling confident again...</p>

      <p>“Hmm, are you aware that there are several blight monsters mixed in?” inquired the archbishop. “I used this to awaken many blighted beasts.” He tossed the snake item lightly into the air and caught it.</p>

      <p>“Blight monsters...” murmured a noble.</p>

      <p>“And what of it?!” shouted another. “We have the Hero of Light. He has already defeated blight dragons in Labyrinthos!”</p>

      <p>“Besides, even Roses’s hero can defeat them...”</p>

      <p>“Precisely—if a lesser hero can defeat them, then blight monsters won’t help your plot.”</p>

      <p>Wow, that was quite the backhanded compliment.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, they’re mocking you,” Lucy muttered.</p>

      <p>“They’re so rude!” Aya added.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto, pay them no mind,” stated Princess Sophia.</p>

      <p>“I was just gonna ignore them,” I replied after a pause. It was kinda surprising that Princess Sophia was joining the other two in my defense. But, none of them needed to worry about it. I turned to the Grandsage. “Should we capture him?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Keep him talking. He seems like the type to monologue.” She was watching the archbishop carefully.</p>

      <p><em>Well, who am I to disagree?</em></p>

      <p>“Are you sure that focusing only on the gates was the best plan?” Isaac smirked. “After all, do you not know of the beastmen’s plan to rebel?”</p>

      <p><em>Man, how barefaced can you be? You’re obviously the one pulling the strings of that revolt.</em></p>

      <p>“How vexing it must be! We have already rounded up the ringleaders!” the first prince declared smugly. It’s not like it was his achievement though... Most of it was uncovered by Fujiyan’s investigation, and Princess Noelle actually arrested them. I glanced over at her and saw that she looked unconcerned by her brother’s words.</p>

      <p>Isaac laughed in amusement. “I see, I see. Good for you.”</p>

      <p>“What are you laughing at?” the second prince demanded. But before waiting for an answer, he directed his subordinates to kill the man.</p>

      <p>The clanging of the alarm bell still filled the area.</p>

      <p>“R-Reporting!” a soldier yelled as he rushed in. “There are riots in the seventh and eighth districts! The main group involved are beastmen!”</p>

      <p>The crowd around us grew noisier, and Archbishop Isaac’s face twisted into a grin. “Gah ha ha ha! Oh? How strange! I thought you’d captured the ringleaders! How in the world could this be happening?!”</p>

      <p>The royal family and other nobles had completely lost their composure. There was no calmness to be found as they all shouted over each other.</p>

      <p>“What have you done, swine?!”</p>

      <p>“Those beasts chose the worst time to rebel!”</p>

      <p><em>Still...</em> I mused. This was impressive. It was all going as Furiae had said. I glanced her way, but the hood hid her expression.</p>

      <p>“Hear my revelation! Fate decrees that Highland’s capital Symphonia will fall today!” Isaac spread his arms in the sky as he yelled out his declaration. He was really getting into it.</p>

      <p>“U-Unthinkable...”</p>

      <p>“Impossible!”</p>

      <p>“Our city will never fall!”</p>

      <p>“B-But...there is a large-scale monster attack...and at the same time, the cambions and beastmen are rebelling...”</p>

      <p>“W-We need to get away!”</p>

      <p>The crowd’s unease had reached its peak. Issac simply surveyed us all. Other than those in my group, only Owain still seemed to be calm.</p>

      <p>Then, a cool voice cut across the area. “Nothing of the sort will be happening.” Her tone was clear, almost musical.</p>

      <p>Princess Noelle.</p>

      <p><em>Perfect timing. She’s like a film director.</em></p>

      <p>“Oh, Princess Noelle, if I’m not mistaken,” the archbishop observed snidely. “The Priestess of the Sun and the reincarnation of the Witch of Salvation.” It looked like his expression wasn’t the only thing twisting—his personality was too. “And I suppose the boy next to you is the Hero of Light. We will need to deal with you both eventually, but that can wait. You can hide away in fear until that day comes. Incidentally, what was that proclamation supposed to mean?”</p>

      <p>“Exactly what I said. Symphonia will not be falling.”</p>

      <p>Isaac’s confidence hadn’t abated, but Princess Noelle was still placid.</p>

      <p>“Noelle! What is this?!” the second prince exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“Explain,” demanded the first prince.</p>

      <p>“The beastmen uprising is connected to the weed that has been running rampant in the seventh and eighth districts.”</p>

      <p>The archbishop shot her an amused look.</p>

      <p>“Using that drug makes it easier for <em>Moon Magic: Brainwashing</em> to affect the mind,” Princess Sophia continued.</p>

      <p>The Highlanders broke out into conversation.</p>

      <p>“What?! That has never been mentioned before!”</p>

      <p>“Relaxing our control of it in the lower districts has backfired...”</p>

      <p>“To think...there was such a use for it.”</p>

      <p>“Well, no one is researching moon magic...”</p>

      <p>I honestly couldn’t blame them—we’d only found out about it yesterday.</p>

      <p>“It took ten years,” the archbishop informed us proudly. “The plan was to gradually brainwash the demi-humans living within Symphonia. Curses take a long time to activate, but they are far from simple to undo. Once a curse is cast, it is impossible to unravel until its goal has been accomplished. The one I placed spread the following message: ‘if you hate the humans oppressing you, then destroy Symphonia.’” Archbishop Isaac continued on smugly. “There is no demi-human living within Highland that has not experienced some form of oppression by humans, so these words are effective on them all. The activation condition was...the sound of the bell! The very bell that warned your soldiers of an emergency. It is a sound that has not been heard, not even once, over these past ten years.”</p>

      <p>He definitely did like to talk... He’d just told us everything.</p>

      <p>And the bell was <em>still</em> going.</p>

      <p>“Someone stop that bell!”</p>

      <p>“I will send word right away!”</p>

      <p>The nobility was now reacting with panic.</p>

      <p>“Aha ha! It’s too late!” Isaac cackled. “You can’t stop a curse once it’s activated!”</p>

      <p>“Are you sure you should be telling us all of this, Mister Archbishop?” I asked mockingly. Honestly, I was bored of just watching all of this unfold.</p>

      <p>“Oh yes, Hero of Roses. Our plan is already complete. I already told you, did I not? <em>Fate</em> decrees that Symphonia will fall. None can oppose fate.”</p>

      <p>Hmm, he certainly was confident in his plan...but, fortunately for us, we’d heard all about it from Furiae yesterday.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Yesterday ◇</p>

      <p>“I have conditions.” The moon priestess smiled bewitchingly. “But first, I will explain how Symphonia is to fall tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>She proceeded to explain the Snake Sect’s plan. It was something that none of us had even imagined.</p>

      <p>“They will use weed to brainwash the beastmen...?”</p>

      <p>“I cannot believe they will make more blight monsters...”</p>

      <p>“It strikes me as rather ironic... They will use the bell of peace to activate a revolt,” Fujiyan added.</p>

      <p>“What if we stopped the bell from being rung ahead of time?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Then we won’t be able to inform the citizens of the risk’h,” Nina replied.</p>

      <p>“And even if it solved the problem tomorrow, it would not solve the root cause,” Chris said.</p>

      <p>“Indeed, it is quite the conundrum...”</p>

      <p>We all had thoughts on the plot, but no solutions.</p>

      <p>“Furiae,” I asked the silent woman. “Do you have a plan?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I can undo the curse. I have the skill <em>Moon Magic (God Rank)</em>.”</p>

      <p><em>God rank...</em> Apparently, that was the highest rank anyone could achieve.</p>

      <p>“This is my condition for doing so,” Furiae stated, looking my way. “Hero of Roses—become my guardian knight.”</p>

      <p>“Wha?” That came out of nowhere. She wanted me as a guardian knight?!</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia was the first to react. “What are you saying?!”</p>

      <p>“Lady Furiae...please explain your reasoning to everyone,” Fujiyan requested with a knowing look. He’d probably read her mind.</p>

      <p>“Well,” she began, “if I help, the future will change. There will be no chaos in the town, and I won’t be able to escape. So, I need a hostage, right? And a guardian knight <em>has</em> to protect their priestess.”</p>

      <p>“S-So by hostage...” Lucy trailed off with an unhappy look.</p>

      <p>I still wasn’t following the logic. “How does being a guardian knight make me your hostage?”</p>

      <p>“A guardian knight will lose half of their lifespan if they abandon their priestess. If their priestess dies, they lose all of their skills,” Princess Sophia explained.</p>

      <p>“Don’t just tell him the disadvantages,” Furiae complained. “Becoming a guardian knight will also endow you with a blessing from the Goddess of the Moon.”</p>

      <p>“That’s dark magic, right?”</p>

      <p>“Possibly. It could also be <em>Curse Magic</em> or <em>Necromancy</em>.”</p>

      <p>Dark magic’d be great—if I could pick at least.</p>

      <p>“Why Makoto, though?!” Prince Leonardo demanded.</p>

      <p>“Right! You could pick someone else!”</p>

      <p>Furiae just smiled at their protests, offering no other answer. Still, I was sure it wasn’t <em>me</em> she wanted as her guardian knight.</p>

      <p>“Furiae, don’t you want Sakurai to be your guardian knight?” I asked bluntly.</p>

      <p>“D-Don’t be foolish! That’s not possible. Ryousuke’s the Hero of Light!”</p>

      <p>Yup. I was right on the money.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto...” Princess Sophia whispered to me. “Does she have feelings for the Hero of Light?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” I answered. “That’s why she picked me. I’m close to him and it keeps the connection there.”</p>

      <p>“Wh-What a decision...” she murmured, pressing a hand to her forehead.</p>

      <p>“So, what will you do?” Furiae pressed.</p>

      <p>“Makoto...”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki...”</p>

      <p>Everyone was looking at me with concern, and I fell deep into thought.<br/><br/></p>

      <p><code>Will you become the guardian knight of Furiae, Priestess of the Moon?</code></p>

      <p><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>What to do? I hadn’t expected to see it as an <em>RPG Player</em> choice.</p>

      <p>Furiae looked unhappy, so she could probably see it.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto, are you gonna go through with it?</em> Noah asked.</p>

      <p>Are you against it?</p>

      <p><em>Not really... </em>she replied.<em> Naya isn’t on the planet anymore, so you might not get much of a blessing. Also, that priestess...will struggle on the southern continent.</em></p>

      <p>So Naya was away... Plus, no one seemed particularly eager for me to do it. Hmmm...</p>

      <p>I looked at Furiae again. She was beautiful and didn’t look anything like a cursed priestess. Though, she didn’t seem like the luckiest either.</p>

      <p>Then, I noticed it.</p>

      <p><em>Is she shivering?</em></p>

      <p>Her hand was shaking just a little. Though she looked the very picture of confidence, was she actually holding everything in? She’d told me that she didn’t have any allies in this world. Besides...</p>

      <p><em>Sakurai asked me for help.</em></p>

      <p>“What will you do, Hero of Roses?” Furiae asked again. Her voice was calm and no fear showed on her face. However, looking straight into her eyes, <em>I</em> could see that they were watering...</p>

      <p>And I’ve got a weakness for that kind of thing. I made my decision.</p>

      <p>“All right, Furiae.”<br/><br/></p>

      <p><code>Will you become the guardian knight of Furiae, Priestess of the Moon?</code></p>

      <p><code><b>▶Yes</b></code></p>

      <p><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“I’ll become your guardian knight,” I said, offering my right hand to her. She looked taken aback for a moment, then hesitantly reached out her own. I guess she hadn’t expected that I’d accept.</p>

      <p>“Th-Then it is settled, my knight. Also...call me <em>Princess</em> Furiae. I want to make our positions clear...is that acceptable?”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>