<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>You could call out to them, </em>Noah suggested<em>.</em></p>

      <p>Yeah, but...I wasn’t sure whether I wanted to get in the way of their <em>friendlier</em> relationship.</p>

      <p>“What?! Aya?!”</p>

      <p>“Ah! Lu?!”</p>

      <p>Oh, looks like they’d noticed. The two of them went bright red and shifted away from each other.</p>

      <p>“That was you?!”</p>

      <p>“I kissed Aya?!”</p>

      <p>“Lu, you defiled me...”</p>

      <p>“Y-You were way more aggressive!”</p>

      <p>The two of them calmed slightly as they moved apart. But, judging by their fidgeting, the aphrodisiac still hadn’t worn off.</p>

      <p>“How long’s it last?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Two or three hours...”</p>

      <p>“That’s so long!”</p>

      <p>“Hey, Makoto...” murmured Lucy.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki...”</p>

      <p>The two of them turned hot gazes my way.</p>

      <p>“I want you...though Aya’s lips were soft.”</p>

      <p>“I want you...but Lu’s skin was so smooth.”</p>

      <p>The two of them closed in on me again. This time, there was a big tree at my back, so I had nowhere to run.</p>

      <p>I was soon cornered.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto, you should never embarrass a lady...</em></p>

      <p>Noah...I want my first time to be more romantic...!</p>

      <p><em>Are </em>you<em> a girl or something...?</em></p>

      <p>Shove off. What’s the problem with that?</p>

      <p>“Makotooo...”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki...”</p>

      <p>Before I knew it, both of them were pressing in on me. They had hot looks in their eyes as they leaned in. I couldn’t move—Sasa was strong to begin with, and I was even weaker than Lucy, so I wasn’t going to be able to shake them off...</p>

      <p>I guess today’s the day I become an adult...</p>

      <p>“What are you three doing?”</p>

      <p>Someone had just arrived. She had long black hair, and pink petals were strewn amongst the strands, almost like accessories.</p>

      <p>“Oh, the two of you are cursed.”</p>

      <p>Furiae lightly rested a hand on both of their heads. Suddenly, light came spouting from between her fingers.</p>

      <p>After it was done, Lucy and Sasa both let out confused noises.</p>

      <p>“You had an aphrodisiacal curse on you,” said Furiae mildly. “I removed it.”</p>

      <p><em>Wait... So the aphrodisiac works the same way as a curse?!</em></p>

      <p>Whew, saved by the curse-pro Furiae, the Priestess of the Moon.</p>

      <p>“Umm...”</p>

      <p>“U-Uh...?”</p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa seemed to deflate, both looking taken aback. They glanced at each other, then at Furiae, and at me. Finally, their faces went red, and they ran away hand in hand.</p>

      <p>“Aya! We failed again!”</p>

      <p>“We did! Let’s not try this way again!”</p>

      <p>“It’s okay, we’ll manage next time!”</p>

      <p>“Do you think?! I think Takatsuki’ll end up angry sooner or later!”</p>

      <p>The two of them didn’t seem even slightly regretful.</p>

      <p>I turned to Furiae. “Thanks, Princess. You saved me.”</p>

      <p>She stared quizzically at me. “You’re...welcome? Everyone’s heading back about now, so I came to get you.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. Let’s go then.”</p>

      <p>The two of us walked side by side back to the noise of the party.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The feast ended before long.</p>

      <p>The Grandsage—who was the host—said she was leaving because she was tired. Lucy and Sasa were wasted, and Furiae said she’d escort them back to the inn. I bid my farewells to Sakurai and Fujiyan and then stayed behind to watch the flowers for a bit longer.</p>

      <p>The sun had set, and the petals were spinning through the moonlight. I wandered for a while, deciding to take in the nighttime views. I saw someone from behind, standing alone. She had on a light dress and her hair was bluish-silver.</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia.</p>

      <p>What was she doing here? And without a guard...?</p>

      <p>“Princess?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Oh...Hero Makoto,” she said. Her expression and voice were both cool as she turned around. “It looks like you enjoyed yourself with the girls.”</p>

      <p>Oh...she was angry.</p>

      <p>“I got caught up in the festivities,” I said as an excuse, then walked forward to stand next to her. I looked at her flat expression. She looked more like she was sulking than actually angry.</p>

      <p>“Do you like the cherry blossoms?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“No one dislikes them,” she answered. “Abel the Savior said they were his favorite.”</p>

      <p><em>Huh...sounds like he had fairly Japanese tastes.</em></p>

      <p>“It’s tiring standing around like this. Shall we sit down?” I suggested.</p>

      <p>“Right...let’s.”</p>

      <p>There was a stone nearby that looked like it’d work as a chair, so we sat. We stayed in companionable silence for a while, watching the flowers.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto...will you be returning to Roses?” Her question seemed hesitant.</p>

      <p>“I intend to, yes.”</p>

      <p>“I had heard that you received many invitations from the nobility of Highland... Honestly, I think you could have a better life here.”</p>

      <p>Oh, that’s what this was about.</p>

      <p>“No way,” I countered. “It’s all kinda stuffy here. Plus, I’m an adventurer in Macallan.”</p>

      <p>“I-I see! Good!” She suddenly looked relieved. Had she thought I’d move to Highland...?</p>

      <p>“Keep me in Roses?” I asked playfully.</p>

      <p>“Of course! I won’t give you up to anywhere else!”</p>

      <p>Our eyes met and we laughed. Things hadn’t been great when we’d first properly met in Labyrinthos, but even relationships like ours could change over time. The realization felt intense.</p>

      <p>We chatted for a while longer, and then I felt something on my shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Can I...rest for a while?” She had leaned her head against me. A soft, sweet scent wafted up from her.</p>

      <p>“G-Go ahead.”</p>

      <p>My heart was pounding as we sat like one of those couples cuddling on a park bench. Should I put my arm around her shoulders? I mean, she <em>was</em> a princess, so... If I was handsome like Sakurai, I could have done it like nothing.</p>

      <p><em>Just go for it!</em></p>

      <p>Noah never changed.</p>

      <p><em>You’re such a pansy. If you ke...the...’ll...</em></p>

      <p>Noah? That’s weird, I was struggling to hear her.</p>

      <p><em>...koto! ...hear...</em></p>

      <p>Noah? Hello, Noah? Helloooo?</p>

      <p>Nothing. I couldn’t hear her at all now. Why?</p>

      <p>“Now, now, Makoto. You shouldn’t be talking to other women at a time like this.”</p>

      <p>A chill ran down my back. That was Princess Sophia’s voice, but something was different, and there was just this feeling that I couldn’t explain.</p>

      <p>I looked at where the princess was resting on my shoulder and saw her staring up at me with golden eyes. The moment our gazes met, she gave me a grin I could never imagine coming from Princess Sophia’s face.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>