<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Princess?” I asked, thinking that it somehow wasn’t her. The girl in front of me had her face, but this...couldn’t be her. It had to be someone else.</p>

      <p>She chuckled. “Correct. So, who am I?”</p>

      <p>I gasped. Whoever it was had read my mind before answering. She’d interrupted a conversation between Noah and me, <em>and</em> she could read my mind. On top of that, if she was speaking through the Priestess of Water...</p>

      <p>“Are you...Eir?”</p>

      <p>“That’s riiight.”</p>

      <p>The goddess in Princess Sophia’s body hopped off the rock and spun around, making a pose.</p>

      <p>Where’d all that omniscience go?!</p>

      <p>“It’s the second time we’ve met,” she commented. “Last time we were near the Seafloor Temple. Did I shock you? What do you think??? How’s it feel?”</p>

      <p>What was <em>with</em> her? A lot of goddesses seemed slightly off...like Noah, I guess.</p>

      <p>“That’s rude. I’m the Goddess of Water, so I can give or take <em>Water Magic</em> skills as I please!”</p>

      <p>“Forgive me please, goddess!” I pleaded.</p>

      <p>I was easily trapped in her web. <em>Mind Reading</em> was scary!</p>

      <p>“Kidding, kidding, I won’t take something away that I’ve already given.” She giggled.</p>

      <p>It was adorable and beautiful, but I couldn’t relax. And I knew why—there were absolutely no water elementals around me. They were scared of the gods.</p>

      <p>Plus, the mana radiating from her was enough to put Lucy or the Grandsage to shame. She wasn’t even casting a spell but was simply present, and her mana still felt so strong. I guess I could understand why... After all, she was a divine being.</p>

      <p>“Sorry for shocking you, Mako!”</p>

      <p>She sounded easygoing, but...</p>

      <p>I was nervous as I opened my mouth. “Not at all... What did you need with me today?”</p>

      <p>“I came to thank you for saving Roses. Also, you were bonding with Sophie, so you get points for that too!” Princess Sophia—I mean Eir—began to dance through the petals.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for letting me become Hero of Roses while staying Noah’s disciple.”</p>

      <p>She giggled. “You’re a good boy. How about it, though? Maybe you could be my believer from now on! I could give you <em>Water Magic (Saint Rank) </em>right now.”</p>

      <p>“Wha?” My mind stopped working at her offhanded suggestion.</p>

      <p>“I control water magic. If you want, I can gift it to you.”</p>

      <p>For...for real?</p>

      <p><em>Nonono, calm down,</em> I told myself. <em>There’s got to be more to it than that.</em></p>

      <p>“Don’t worry—Roses doesn’t have enough heroes. You want a strong skill, I want a strong hero, so it’s a win-win.”</p>

      <p>“And what’s the condition?”</p>

      <p>“That you become my disciple.”</p>

      <p>“And...stop being Noah’s?”</p>

      <p>“Yup. Then you get a saint rank skill. Not bad, is it?”</p>

      <p>That was incredible. Saint rank was said to be the pinnacle that humanity could reach, while god ranks were only attainable if you gave up that humanity.</p>

      <p>Saint rank... I wanted a skill like that.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Will you receive the gift of </code><code><em>Water Magic (Saint Rank) </em></code><code>and become the Goddess of Water’s disciple?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>RPG Player </em>had given me an option. The sound of me swallowing was super loud in my ears. I had to answer.</p>

      <p>I flashed back to the painful memory of being left behind at the Water Temple.</p>

      <p>I remembered the people abandoning me...all of it flitting through a corner of my mind.</p>

      <p>Turns out, my answer was never in question.</p>

      <p>“I’m Noah’s disciple, now and forever,” I stated.</p>

      <p>“Ack, shot down!” Eir smiled though, not seeming too unhappy about it. Then, she snapped her fingers.</p>

      <p><em>M-Makoto! You’re still my disciple?! That’s great! I love you! That bitch, trying to steal my Makoto!</em></p>

      <p>Noah’s voice was back.</p>

      <p>“You’ve got such a good kid as your disciple. I’m jealous.”</p>

      <p><em>Go die in a ditch! I’ll remember this when you come to the temple next!</em> Noah yelled at her.</p>

      <p>“Calm down, I’ll bring a bunch of stuff. We can play <em>Momotetsu</em>,” Eir answered in amusement.</p>

      <p><em>So they could play video games...that’s cool.</em></p>

      <p>I half-listened to their conversation, but I was pretty sure that Eir was done talking to me. I’d need to take Princess Sophia back to her room eventually.</p>

      <p>Then, Noah spoke up like she’d just remembered something.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, Eir, you had something to say to Makoto, right?</em></p>

      <p>Hm? She wasn’t done yet?</p>

      <p>“Right, right. Mako, this is important.”</p>

      <p>She really wasn’t done?! The stuff from earlier had already hit me hard.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What is it?” I stuttered.</p>

      <p>“Listen up, Mako,” she said, her voice turning serious.</p>

      <p><em>“At this rate, Roses will fall.”</em></p>

      <p>Those words...had been a revelation about the demise of Roses.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>