<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Her explosive statement left Rio and the others shocked.</p>

      <p>“Wha... What are you saying—just as they’re about to leave?” Satsuki was nearly rendered speechless, but somehow managed to speak.</p>

      <p>“It’s because they’re about to leave. This way, Sir Haruto won’t forget about me until we meet again, hm.”</p>

      <p>Charlotte giggled cutely and looked at Rio, Miharu, and Satsuki in turn. Miharu and Satsuki were taken aback and at a loss for words. Instead, they looked at Rio to see his response.</p>

      <p>“Umm...” Rio was rather anxious himself, unsure of how to reply to a princess like Charlotte correctly.</p>

      <p>“Please let me hear your reply the next time you come to the castle. Even I’m feeling a little shy right now, so I bid you farewell here,” Charlotte said, approaching Rio and Miharu and pushing them gently on the back. Once they walked through the gate outside, she waved them off with a smile.</p>

      <p>“...Yes. Then, umm... Excuse us.”</p>

      <p>Encouraged by Charlotte’s smile, Rio and Miharu exchanged glances and walked forward. After a while, they heard Satsuki questioning Charlotte in a somewhat flustered voice behind them. However, unsure of how he would reply if he returned anyway, Rio started walking forward while feeling slightly hesitant.</p>

      <p>“W-What are you going to do, Haruto?” Miharu was slightly panicked, bothered by what had happened.</p>

      <p>Rio averted his gaze from Miharu and answered guiltily. “What to do... I’m confused, as well. I’ll just have to think about it before the next time we meet.” It wasn’t like he was dating Miharu, so it wasn’t as though it would be cheating. But it still felt strangely awkward.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Meanwhile, far above them, a lone man was floating in the air, overlooking them. From the ground he was only as large as a speck, practically blended into the background of the sky, allowing him to avoid the notice of others. Who knew how long he had been watching?</p>

      <p>“Finally... They’re departing.”</p>

      <p>The man—Reiss—witnessed Rio being cornered by Miharu to answer her question about Charlotte, and smiled faintly.</p>

      <p>“Now, I shall proceed with scouting.”</p>

      <p>In order to use the chance of unintentionally discovering Rio at the banquet, he began to secretly tail them.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>