<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>At this rate, she’d be separated from the people she cared about without a chance to speak to them properly. The realization suddenly rose within her and filled her with fear. At times like this, she had always relied on Miharu, and yet—</p>

      <p>“Of course, neither Miharu nor Haruto will come see you off. I’ll listen first if there’s anything you have to say, so summon me before you leave.”</p>

      <p>“Uhm...” Aki felt like she had fallen from a cliff. Miharu would no longer reach out to her. She wouldn’t even meet her.</p>

      <p>How awful of Miharu... was what she didn’t think. The awful one was her. She had charged forward without thinking, and lost everything in the end.</p>

      <p>Aki calmed down to an almost eerie degree, her mind going entirely blank. She had no idea what to do, and tears started streaming from her eyes. “M-Mmm... wah...”</p>

      <p>“...I’ll be going now.” Satsuki’s expression turned stern at Aki’s crying. She bit her lip and steeled herself, before turning away.</p>

      <p>“Then I shall lead the two of them to their rooms. Go ahead and leave first, Lady Satsuki. I shall come talk to you again later,” Lilianna said, encouraging Satsuki to leave before she stood up herself and approached Aki.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me.” Satsuki bowed at Lilianna before opening the door to leave the room. But—</p>

      <p>“Masato.”</p>

      <p>It seemed like he had been waiting for them to finish, as he was standing outside with the guards.</p>

      <p>“I wanted to talk to the two of them. Can I go inside? Haruto and Miharu have both agreed already,” Masato asked, his expression a conflicted mix of many emotions.</p>

      <p>“Sure, go ahead.” Satsuki pushed open the door she hadn’t completely closed yet. Takahisa and Aki were Masato’s siblings—if he wished to meet them, then there was no reason to stop him from doing so.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. Haruto and Miharu are still next door,” Masato said before going inside, allowing Satsuki to close the door.</p>

      <p>“...Guess I’ll go back to the two of them, then.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki sighed deeply and headed for the meeting room with Rio and Miharu.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p><em>What matters is what you </em>want <em>to do, not what you should do. Think about what you want to do, then reverse calculate what you can do about it.</em></p>

      <p>After Rio had said that, the first thing that came to Masato’s mind was extremely simple.</p>

      <p>“I want to talk to Takahisa and Aki.”</p>

      <p>After telling Rio and Miharu his feelings, he headed for his siblings’ room. Thus, the first thing Masato saw after swapping places with Satsuki was the sight of his brother making a surly, sullen face while Aki cried beside him, Lilianna patting her back reassuringly.</p>

      <p>“What is this...?” Masato muttered, a bitter grimace on his face. It was such a pathetic and shameful sight, he couldn’t help but feel apologetic towards everyone who looked after them since they came to this world.</p>

      <p>“Sir Masato... Lady Aki doesn’t seem to be feeling well, so I was thinking of taking her to the rooms once she calms down...”</p>

      <p>Aki was crying too hard to talk, and Takahisa was in a mood. Masato had wanted to give them a piece of his mind before hearing their explanation, but now his words wouldn’t come out. His siblings were just so pathetic to see...</p>

      <p>It was clear that Lilianna had the short end of the stick in this situation. Takahisa was the hero of her country, so she couldn’t abandon him no matter what. This meant that she had to clean up his mess for him. As his younger brother, Masato felt incredibly apologetic about the situation.</p>

      <p>“...I’m sorry. I’ll take Aki to the room. Could you handle my brother?” Masato bowed his head at Lilianna and approached Aki.</p>

      <p>“Hic! Uuh...”</p>

      <p>“Come on, stand up, Aki,” Masato said bluntly to the weeping Aki. He pulled her by the arm and she staggered to her feet.</p>

      <p>“If you were going to just cry about it, then you shouldn’t have done this in the first place...” he muttered helplessly.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, in the king’s office, Francois and Charlotte were having a one-on-one discussion. The topic was, of course, Rio. To be more precise, Charlotte had just finished reporting the events that had taken place when Rio rescued Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Thus, I believe that Sir Haruto should be received with as much hospitality as Lady Satsuki in order to form a most favorable relationship with him.”</p>

      <p>“It was a rather passionate report coming from you. Just what caused this change?” Francois asked with a chuckle.</p>

      <p>“It’s only natural to be passionate about this. He flew into the air without a mount and boarded the enchanted ship alone to rescue a hostage, you know? I’m certain now that the tale of the demi-dragon’s breath was not merely a rumor. Do we have anyone in this kingdom that could achieve the same feats as Sir Haruto? We don’t have any heroic figures like the King’s Sword in the Beltrum Kingdom, so I’m sure you can understand Sir Haruto’s value, Father.”</p>

      <p>“I’m more than aware of Haruto’s value, but... Don’t tell me you’ve fallen for him?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I do believe I have,” Charlotte nodded gracefully without a moment of hesitation.</p>

      <p>“...” Francois’ eyes widened in a show of rare surprise. He made a dubious face, as though questioning her sincerity.</p>

      <p>“Why, there’s no need to be so clear in your surprise. I’ve never fallen in love before, so I’m not too familiar with it, but I’m still a young maiden myself. Yes, I do believe this is love. When I think of Sir Haruto, my heart can’t help but beat faster. I can feel my desire for him.” Charlotte puffed up her cheeks cutely as she spilled her feelings to her father.</p>

      <p>“Sorry. I thought you were a villainess who only felt joy in attracting men to make them dance in the palm of your hand while watching relationships break down. I can’t help my surprise.” Instead of an apology, the words Francois said about his own daughter were unbelievably harsh.</p>

      <p>“While it’s true I feel joy in such things, this time I felt my heart flutter like never before at a gentleman. It filled me with the impulse to make that gentleman mine one day.” Charlotte showed no offense as she gave a coquettish smile of delight.</p>

      <p>“...Even for my daughter, you’re a twisted one,” Francois sighed tiredly with his right hand pressed against his head.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Was it not you who raised me in such an environment?” Charlotte stared at her father with a mischievous giggle.</p>

      <p>“And? What is your aim in telling me this?”</p>

      <p>“One reason is because you would see through me anyway, so I wanted to inform you myself ahead of time. Another reason is because the nobles of our kingdom will surely come knocking with offers of marriage for Sir Haruto soon, so I’d like to ask you to use your power to suppress them. And, finally, I’d like to ask that you present me as a candidate instead.”</p>

      <p>“...Even if he is an honorary knight, did you think it would be that easy to approve of his marriage to royalty?”</p>

      <p>“Oh? But Father, weren’t you thinking of tying Lady Satsuki and Sir Haruto together at one point?”</p>

      <p>“What makes you think that?”</p>

      <p>“Because, Father, you’re always quick to get to the point, yet you skipped over my request for you to suppress offers from nobility to discuss this first. Meaning you intended on doing so from the beginning even without my request, no? And why would that be? Lady Satsuki—”</p>

      <p>“Enough. Good grief, having a daughter with too much intelligence is another problem in itself,” Francois lamented, waving his hand in annoyance.</p>

      <p>“Hehe. You didn’t even try to hide it.” Charlotte’s gentle smile didn’t waver. Even against her own father, she calmly maintained her sly, fox-like demeanor. If she didn’t, Francois wouldn’t appoint her any responsibility.</p>

      <p>“But it is true that the marriage of royalty cannot be easily approved. Considering how the hero isn’t bound by such customs and is a supernatural existence herself, wouldn’t the possibilities be higher for her?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t believe that will be an issue. If he continues to build his relationship with our kingdom, it is only a matter of time before Sir Haruto achieves even greater military exploits. Those hard-headed nobles bound by tradition will have to give in.”</p>

      <p>“Do you have any foundation for that confidence of yours?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. My eye for men is my foundation.”</p>

      <p>“Heh...” Francois chuckled in amusement.</p>

      <p>“Even if Lady Satsuki were to marry Sir Haruto first, I’d simply aim for the position of second wife, I suppose. It would be safe to assume my clear rivals at this time are Lady Miharu, and perhaps Liselotte, too. Well, the bigger problem is the fact Sir Haruto doesn’t seem to have any interest in tying the knot with someone at present...” Charlotte started to monologue, her eyes sparkling with thoughts of the future.</p>

      <p><em>Scheming and predictions aside, I never imagined this girl could show so much interest in a single man...</em></p>

      <p>There was no knowing what could happen in this world. That thought alone made it difficult to completely dismiss Charlotte’s map of the future as unrealistic.</p>

      <p>Francois watched his unexpectedly passionate daughter with vacant eyes as he considered the future of the Galarc Kingdom.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>After Satsuki swapped places with Masato and left Aki and Takahisa, she returned to the room where Rio and Miharu were. She informed them of what she told Takahisa and Aki and how they had reacted, before discussing various things about the incident.</p>

      <p>“...Can I ask you a question, Haruto?” Miharu nervously looked at Rio seated beside her.</p>

      <p>Rio nodded immediately. “Yes, of course.”</p>

      <p>“Umm, what did Takahisa say to you to make you accept that duel?” Miharu asked.</p>

      <p>Rio looked at the ceiling and thought for a bit. “...He asked me to reject you if he won. But I intended on facing him no matter what he said, so what he said had no relevance to my accepting the duel,” he answered while looking at Satsuki.</p>

      <p>“Before we had our match, I asked something of Haruto. I told him there were things that couldn’t be conveyed without facing them head-on, and I asked him to face Takahisa and Aki. But that resulted in this current situation, so this was all because of me. I’m sorry...” Satsuki apologized, biting her lip.</p>

      <p>“Don’t be silly.” Rio sounded a little exasperated.</p>

      <p>“Huh...?”</p>

      <p>“There were things I only understood because we clashed there. Because we disagreed with each other so much, our problem couldn’t be solved in a single match, making that discontent explode. That feeling was conveyed properly. Am I wrong?”</p>

      <p>Satsuki blinked at Rio sitting opposite her. “...No, you’re not.”</p>

      <p>“If so, it was better to butt heads than to continue carrying that latent problem without moving forward. Well, I’m not one to talk, after avoiding Miharu until Satsuki had to make her request of me,” Rio said, laughing at himself slightly. “We said the same to Masato, but you can just think about what you want to do from here. If you think it’s salvageable, you can give them some time to cool their heads before facing them again until you’re satisfied. Optimism suits you better than pessimism, after all,” he added with an amused chuckle.</p>

      <p>“Wh... What? You’re suddenly all calm and composed like an adult. Speaking as though you know me,” Satsuki pouted, blushing in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Really?” Rio cocked his head curiously.</p>

      <p>“Really. Right, Miharu?” Satsuki said, seeking Miharu’s agreement.</p>

      <p>“Yes. For some reason, it feels like the air around you has gotten softer... I think.”</p>

      <p>Miharu glanced at Rio’s side profile. But the moment Rio looked back and met her eyes, she flushed and looked away.</p>

      <p>“...Hey, did something happen between the two of you?” Satsuki stared at Rio and asked.</p>

      <p>“Why are you asking me?” Rio asked back with a frown.</p>

      <p>“Because she’s like this.” Satsuki gave the still-blushing Miharu a pointed look.</p>

      <p>“Nothing in particular. I just asked her to get along with me from here on out. Not specifically as Amakawa Haruto, but...”</p>

      <p>“Hmm...”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t clear whether Satsuki was convinced or not as she stared closely at Rio and Miharu’s faces. <em>It seems like I’ll have to corner Miharu when she’s alone and ask for more details.</em></p>

      <p>Miharu had a bad feeling and looked away from Satsuki. Just then, someone knocked on the door.</p>

      <p>“Ah, is that Masato?”</p>

      <p>Miharu stood up first to open the door. Masato was standing beyond it, but his expression was dark. It was actually a very serious expression.</p>

      <p>“Umm, I have something to say,” he said, looking at Miharu standing before him.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>