<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy, Vol. 3</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:68ed0c5f-4fff-40b3-84c8-829586eb7a1d" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="backmatter-rw Epilogue-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="backmatter epilogue" id="epilogue">
<h1 class="chapter-title1"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-epilogue">EPILOGUE</a></h1>
<p class="noindent"><a id="page-167"></a>14:00 Imperial Standard Time.</p>
<p>Excalibur Academy’s tactical fighter, the Lindwyrm Mk.III, departed after confirmation that the Third Assault Garden had ceased moving. Upon returning to the academy, Riselia and the rest of the eighteenth platoon would likely have to give a detailed report.</p>
<p>With the Void Lord’s destruction, the possibility of another Stampede had been averted, and the wandering souls of the Crystalia Knights were free. Leonis felt a bit reluctant to give up on such strong spirits, but forcing warriors who’d fought for their homeland to remain under his command did not sit well with him.</p>
<p>Currently, Leonis occupied the tactical fighter’s back seat, resting his head on Riselia’s lap. Naturally, this was not something he’d requested. Using Dáinsleif had wholly exhausted his mana reserves, leaving him so drained he wouldn’t be able to stand unassisted for some time.</p>
<p><em>Th-this is…entirely against my will…!</em> Leonis made excuses for himself while Riselia loomed above, leafing through a book.</p>
<p>“What are you reading, Lady Selia?” Regina inquired.</p>
<p><a id="page-168"></a>“Something I found in Father’s study. I thought I would take it with me as a memento.”</p>
<p>“Hmm.” Regina peeked at a few of the pages. “I don’t recognize this language.”</p>
<p>“Me neither. It doesn’t look like spirit text…”</p>
<p>As Leonis listened in on their exchange, a thought crossed his mind. <em>Come to think of it, we never found Riselia’s father among the wandering souls.</em></p>
<p>Leonis had used his authority as the Undead King to examine the souls of the wandering ghosts, but none of them seemed to be Riselia’s father.</p>
<p><em>Perhaps he was already turned into a Void? Or else…</em></p>
<p>It was then that Regina plopped a hand down on Leonis’s head and said, “I’m sure you’re tired, Miss Selia. How about you let me take over as the kid’s lap pillow?”</p>
<p>“N-no! Leo’s sleeping so soundly.”</p>
<p>“You’re being unfair, Lady Selia. You shouldn’t hog him like that.”</p>
<p>“…I am not hogging him, and it’s not unfair!” Riselia exclaimed and cradled Leonis’s head tightly.</p>
<p>Feeling the softness of her breasts through her clothes made Leonis’s heart skip a beat.</p>
<p>“My apologies, you two, but could you be a little quieter?” Sakuya requested, raising a finger to her lips. “You might wake her up.”</p>
<p>She was in the other row of seats. A half-elf girl in shorts was sleeping on her lap.</p>
<p><em>The Hero of the Sanctuary, Arle Kirlesio.</em> Leonis gazed at the girl as she slumbered. Her dainty arms were wrapped around her weapon. Based on Shary’s report, she’d been injured in the Third Assault Garden while fighting the Voids, and Regina’s group had rescued her.</p>
<p>Leonis knew her. She was an apprentice to Shardark, the Swordmaster of the Six Heroes. He had taught Leonis back when <a id="page-169"></a>he was still a human, which meant Arle was technically his sibling apprentice.</p>
<p><em>It was her attack that damaged the Void Lord.</em></p>
<p>Fortunately, Arle’s strike had momentarily blinded Regina and the others, keeping them from seeing that Leonis had delivered the final blow. Thus, Regina, Elfiné, and Sakuya had the impression Arle was the one who’d felled the Void Lord. Leonis didn’t mind. Their remaining unaware of his real power suited his needs well enough.</p>
<p>However, this elf girl had somehow appeared in this age much like Leonis had. Between her, the Six Heroes, and that man who had attacked in the Crystalia Estate, this didn’t feel like a coincidence.</p>
<p><em>What are those dead fools planning?</em> Leonis pondered, his head buried in Riselia’s chest.</p>
<p><em>Nefakess Reizaad knew Roselia would incarnate into the Holy Woman.</em></p>
<p>A member of the Six Heroes became both a Void and Roselia’s vessel. It was clear Nefakess was involved in this. His aims, however, remained unknown.</p>
<p><em>If he tried to use Roselia’s soul in some way…</em></p>
<p>Leonis promised to visit vengeance upon Nefakess for his transgressions. Dark flames of anger burned silently in Leonis’s heart.</p>
<p>“L-Leo, hey…”</p>
<p>Leo felt the thighs he was resting on fidget. Silvery locks brushed against his cheek as Riselia brought her lips to his ear. Apparently, she’d noticed he was awake.</p>
<p>“…Can I suck some blood, just a bit?” she asked, sticking out her adorable tongue and then gently nibbling on his earlobe.</p>
<p>“N-not here! Miss Regina and Miss Sakuya are right there!” Leonis replied, doing his best to keep his voice low so the others wouldn’t notice.</p>
<p>“Yeah, so I’ll be quiet about it…”</p>
<p>“No, they’ll definitely notice us!”</p>
<p><a id="page-170"></a>“So I can’t?”</p>
<p>“…No, you can’t!”</p>
<p>“…L-Leo… I… I can’t help it…”</p>
<p><em>Wh-what is this minion doing all of a sudden?!</em></p>
<p>Leonis stirred on Riselia’s lap as he looked up at her face. Her pale cheeks were flushed, and her eyes glistened with desire. Her lips parted, and hot breaths escaped them. There was a feverish warmth to her fingertips.</p>
<p>That’s when Leonis realized that it was because Riselia had shared her blood with him. It had left her with this crippling thirst.</p>
<p>“F-fine. I’ll let you drink all you want when we get back to the dorm.”</p>
<p>“…Can’t you let me do it now?” Riselia pleaded.</p>
<p>“J-just be a patient for a while longer.”</p>
<p>“…A-all right.”</p>
<p>Riselia swallowed audibly, nibbling on Leonis’s earlobe reproachfully from where Regina and the rest couldn’t see her.</p>
<p><em>I guess I can allow this much.</em> Leonis surrendered himself to Riselia’s playful bites. He had regained that memory thanks to her, so conceding this much of a reward was acceptable.</p>
<p>As Leonis felt Riselia nibble on his ear, he thought on the meaning behind that promise.</p>
<p>“I want you to find the real me,” she’d said.</p>
<p><em>It was Roselia’s soul that possessed the Holy Woman. That much is for sure.</em></p>
<p>In which case, what had she meant by the real her? Was Roselia’s soul split when she was reincarnated? If so, had it been of her own will?</p>
<p>The vessel for the Goddess of Rebellion’s spirit was out there somewhere in this world. And seeking it out was Leonis Magnus’s mission as a Dark Lord.</p>
<p><em>Roselia, I will find you. I swear it.</em></p>
<p>As sleep overtook him, Leonis clenched his fists in silent resolve.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>