<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 7: Another Attack</h1>

      <p>The next morning, at a time before the sun had risen and the sky was dyed a lapis blue, when the earth was just starting to illuminate with the coming dawn, Aishia visited Rio’s bedroom to try and wake up him.</p>

      <p>“Haruto, wake up.”</p>

      <p>“...Aishia? Good morning.” Rio immediately opened his eyes, but his expression was still half asleep as he replied.</p>

      <p>“Good morning. It’s an emergency,” Aishia said in a flat voice.</p>

      <p>“What happened?” Rio asked with a serious look.</p>

      <p>“Monsters suddenly appeared.”</p>

      <p>“...Inside or outside the city?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t know their exact position. But they’re to the west. Their presence is jumbled up, so there’s probably a lot of them. I should have noticed a presence this strong much earlier, but I couldn’t tell,” Aishia said in a rare display of worry.</p>

      <p>“...I understand.” Rio got out of bed and patted Aishia on the shoulder. “For now, let’s get a clearer understanding of the situation. Where’s the professor?” he asked in a calm voice.</p>

      <p>“Still sleeping.” Aishia stared at Rio’s face as she replied. Immediately after, the emergency bells of the city started ringing, echoing from the city’s gate.</p>

      <p>A beat later, the familiar sound of a monster’s roar resonated loudly through the air.</p>

      <p>“MROOOOOOOH!”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Earlier that day, at the lookout post of Amande’s western gate...</p>

      <p>“Aaaah...” a soldier yawned loudly.</p>

      <p>“It’s still too early for the next shift to arrive. Pull yourself together — we’re on high alert right now,” his superior, who was on guard with him, scolded him in a harsher voice than usual.</p>

      <p>Presently, Amande had strengthened its guard due to certain unforeseen circumstances, making shifts more frequent and increasing the number of soldiers at the east and west gates. A large number of soldiers had been assigned in particular to the west gate, which was where the huge number of monsters had spawned in the forest.</p>

      <p>Incidentally, the northern section of Amande was a lake — their main water source — so there was no entrance there. Furthermore, the formerly small city of Amande had rapidly developed into this large city in the last few years, and they were still in the middle of clearing forests for more expansion. With the expansion of the city came allocating the metro areas, so the farmlands that had once been scattered between the east and west were now allocated to the cleared lands to the south.</p>

      <p>The outermost walls of the city were not made of stone like castle walls, but logs that could be moved every time expansion occurred.</p>

      <p>“Yes sir.” The soldier who yawned pulled himself together and nodded. He must have felt pride for his job in protecting Amande, as his face was quite serious.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, another soldier on the lookout spotted a figure in the distance. “Hey! Is there someone on the road?!”</p>

      <p>“A person? At this hour?” The superior rubbed his eyes in doubt.</p>

      <p>“There’s a lot of them. How many people is that?” Another soldier next to them spoke up quickly. The gate was lit by fire torches, but the surroundings were still dim and their visions were obscured by the fog. It was unthinkable to be walking along the forest road at this hour to begin with; though there was a path, the forests were pitch black at night. On top of being unable to perceive even the shortest distance, there was also the danger of roaming nocturnal beasts. Even the city’s gates were firmly shut until morning came.</p>

      <p>“Come to think of it, we received a message that the foreign knights that went to investigate the forest might return. Oh, but the message warned that unidentified monsters could also appear...” the superior recalled with a dubious face. In that time, the figures gradually drew nearer.</p>

      <p>“Uuuh...” Dozens of revenants appeared with an eerie groan. There were gray-skinned ones scattered between darker gray ones, but it was hard to tell them apart in the dim lighting.</p>

      <p>From their hairless heads, expressions of sinister madness, and completely naked bodies, it was clear they were not human.</p>

      <p>“I-It’s the unidentified monsters! Sound the alarm!” The superior ordered a nearby soldier in shock.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes sir!” The ordered soldier replied in a fluster, ringing the bells of the lookout post at a fixed rhythm. The sound of the bells echoed loudly through the quiet city.</p>

      <p>“Geehehehe!” A large army of goblins and orcs leapt out of the forest all at once.</p>

      <p>“We’re stopping them here, everyone! Don’t let them inside the gate!” the superior yelled with determination at the shoulders, obviously conscious of the worst-case scenario.</p>

      <p>“Right!” The soldiers nodded firmly. However, a ferocious monster’s roar echoed loudly from the back of the road.</p>

      <p>“MROOOOOOOOOH!”</p>

      <p>The soldiers trembled at the sound. “?!”</p>

      <p>“D-Don’t tell me...” A bad feeling came over the superior, making him grimace. He recalled the message and how it said there was one more type of monster other than the unidentified revenants.</p>

      <p>They were called minotaurs — monsters that had rampaged with fury during the Divine War. One moment later, a <em>thump, thump, thump</em> shook the ground.</p>

      <p>“I-It’s coming!” the superior yelled.</p>

      <p>“MROOH!” From the depths of the foggy road appeared the minotaur. The monsters packed on the road moved to the sides to allow it to pass.</p>

      <p>“I-It’s huge!” The lookout post the soldiers were standing on was ten meters above the ground, but the minotaur still looked huge when they looked down on it. It was easily four meters tall.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, the minotaur took a running leap.</p>

      <p>“Ah...!” The soldiers were momentarily at eye level with it, and their jaws dropped in shock. The minotaur swung its stone greatsword down with force.</p>

      <p>“I-It’s going to break the gate! Retreat!” The very moment the superior yelled aloud, the city gate was destroyed by the stone sword. The foundation was crushed into pieces, sending the lookout post on top crumbling to the ground.</p>

      <p>“Tch. Prepare for impact! Combat begins as soon as we reach the ground!” The superior barely managed to yell.</p>

      <p>“Gufufufu.” The minotaur gazed upon the ruins of the gate it destroyed and let its mouth widen into a smile filled with dominance.</p>

      <p><em>It looks like we’ve succeeded in obtaining an entry route without issue. All that’s left is to spread the combat as far as possible and draw out their power. The east gate is next.</em> Reiss was hidden among the monsters in the forest, quietly observing the minotaur and the surrounding situation. He sighed quietly, before gently floating into the air.</p>

      <p><em>But the problem will be that humanoid spirit and its contractee. We’ll have to adapt to their movements, but if the spirit is materialized, it will be easy enough to locate. For now, we should take this chance to open the east gate. There shouldn’t be as many soldiers placed over there,</em> Reiss thought as he moved swiftly towards the east gate.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Elsewhere, Rio took Aishia out of his bedroom and through the living room, continuing quickly towards the bedroom where Celia was sleeping... only to have Celia burst out of the room in a panic.</p>

      <p>“Rio, Aishia, are you there?!” It seemed like the commotion outside had woken her up.</p>

      <p>“Professor.”</p>

      <p>“Rio, Aishia — thank goodness...!” Celia sighed in relief, hugging Rio tightly. When she’d startled awake, the bed that Aishia was supposed to be sleeping in was empty. She’d probably been worried.</p>

      <p>“It’s all right. There’s no need to worry,” Rio said, gently hugging Celia.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah...” Celia buried her face into Rio’s chest, nodding hesitantly.</p>

      <p>Once Rio confirmed that Celia had calmed down, he explained the circumstances. “It seems like a large number of monsters have spawned, either inside or outside the city. There are probably minotaurs too.”</p>

      <p>Celia stared at Rio’s face. “...What will you do?” she asked nervously.</p>

      <p>“Let’s see...” Rio mumbled as he pondered to himself.</p>

      <p>He was merely an outsider, and it was Liselotte’s duty to protect the city of Amande. As this land was Liselotte’s home base, she surely had enough military strength under her name, unlike when they were attacked on the road. While the minotaurs would be tough, it was possible to drive them away with a large number of people equal in strength to a knight.</p>

      <p>However, he couldn’t take an optimistic approach without more information. If the number of monsters surpassed that of the city’s defense, the worst-case scenario could surely occur.</p>

      <p><em>It’s not that I’m obligated to protect Amande, but I can’t have Liselotte falling here... And I can’t expose the professor to danger, either,</em> Rio thought, organizing his motives and the situation at hand. If he was only thinking about fleeing, then he could just fly out of the city with spirit arts. It was undesirable to use spirit arts in front of others, but he could explain away his most often-used wind spirit arts as a product of his wind elemental enchanted sword.</p>

      <p>However, it wouldn’t look very good to Liselotte if she later found out that the first thing they did was flee to safety by themselves. Not to mention that if Amande was destroyed here, the favorable relationship he had been building with Liselotte would cease. If possible, Rio wanted to avoid that. Which meant —</p>

      <p><em>I need more information first. My final decision can come after that.</em></p>

      <p>Either way, rushing into action was both reckless and irresponsible. As long as it wasn’t a life-threatening dilemma where it would be better to flee without a second thought, it was the perfect chance to further make Liselotte indebted to him.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Rio. You don’t have to worry about me. I know I’m the biggest hindrance out of us, but I can also fight a bit if I can use magic. That’s why... umm. You should choose the action that’s best for you.” Celia sensed that Rio’s expression was serious and spoke with hesitation. Her eyes showed a glimpse of her firm intention to follow Rio — no matter what.</p>

      <p>“...Okay.” Rio nodded with an indescribable feeling. “Then let’s get changed first, so we can move around easily,” he suggested with his usual smile to reassure Celia.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>After Rio finished changing from his sleepwear into his black wyvern combat clothes, he headed to the inn’s back garden alone. The inn employees and guests had noticed the commotion some time ago, but their attention was drawn to the entrance facing the square, so there was no one in the back garden. Rio took advantage of this and rose into the air, then looked down on the west side of the city from above. From the sky, the ground below looked rather dim.</p>

      <p><em>The gate’s been destroyed... There must be a lot of monsters.</em></p>

      <p>Rio took note of the situation. The square at the western gate that would normally be overflowing with stalls and customers was currently surging with a stream of goblins and orcs. The minotaurs and revenants brought up the rear, but they were still observing from afar. On the other hand...</p>

      <p><em>The city’s reaction is also swift.</em></p>

      <p>Soldiers and adventurers were already gathering at the entrance of the road leading to the west gate and assuming battle formations. They were forming an improvised defense line to prevent the monsters from invading further; it was possible that personnel had been placed at the west gate in advance as a precaution.</p>

      <p>Further, the square near the gate was apparently designed with the intention of inviting external enemies in and blocking them off. As long as the road into the city was defended, the remaining buildings would act as a barricade preventing invasion. Even if a large number of monsters pushed past the mouth of the road, the width limitations meant the number of monsters within reach would decrease. Thankfully, it appeared as though they would be able to hold the fort. During that time, the residents along the road would evacuate towards the center of the city.</p>

      <p><em>Reinforcements are arriving one after another. It looks like this’ll be... —</em> Rio thought, determining the status of the west gate, when Aishia’s telepathy echoed inside Rio’s head.</p>

      <p><em>Haruto, lots of monsters just spawned at the east gate.</em></p>

      <p><em>East?</em> Rio turned on the spot and looked to the east. There, swarms of monsters were appearing from the forest right before the east gate. The lookouts at the gate noticed the surprise attack and rang the bell in a hurry, but a new minotaur appeared, letting out a ferocious roar.</p>

      <p>“MROOOOOH!”</p>

      <p>It drowned out the sound of the warning bell, alerting the city of its own presence.</p>

      <p>“MROGH!” The minotaur used its tremendous physical abilities to take a running leap, soaring over the heads of the goblins and orcs to arrive at the gate first. It then swung its stone greatsword down, smashing the gate into pieces.</p>

      <p>“Guheehee!”</p>

      <p>“Buhee! Buhee!”</p>

      <p>Shortly after the attack from the minotaur, the goblins and orcs flowed past the creature, invading the city one after another.</p>

      <p><em>...That’s a lot. How many are there in total?</em> Roughly estimating, Rio would guess the number of monsters to the east and west easily surpassed one thousand.</p>

      <p>And they were still appearing from the forests. The situation was gradually becoming worse.</p>

      <p><em>Haruto, what do we do?</em> Aishia asked.</p>

      <p>Rio didn’t reply immediately, looking over the entire city instead. With the east and west gates breached, the only gate unharmed was to the south. The south gate faced wide, open farmlands, where there were still no signs of any monsters.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, the northern area where Liselotte’s mansion was located faced a lake, so there was no gate there at all. The area was also surrounded by tall and sturdy ramparts, able to be used as an evacuation area in an emergency. Judging by the movements of the citizens at the south, they were moving towards the north block.</p>

      <p><em>For now, could you stay with the professor in the room and wait? It doesn’t seem like the monsters will reach the middle of the city anytime soon, and all the citizens from the west are relocating to the center. It looks like they’re evacuating to the north. Even if you went outside now, you wouldn’t be able to move,</em> Rio directed Aishia calmly as he looked down at the ground. The square before the inn they were staying in was already crammed with residents coming from the west. If the eastern citizens started moving here too, then it would be safer to stay inside the inn.</p>

      <p><em>...What will you do, Haruto?</em> Aishia asked Rio again.</p>

      <p><em>The defensive forces at the east gate are thin. I’ll go block them off.</em> Presently, only a few lance-wielding soldiers were guarding the road facing the east gate square. Facing them were easily several hundred monsters, making them simply outnumbered.</p>

      <p>They wouldn’t even last a minute, which meant the monsters had a chance of reaching the inn where Aishia and Celia were. But he could still make it in time.</p>

      <p><em>Be careful.</em></p>

      <p><em>Thank you. I won’t let the monsters reach you, but...</em></p>

      <p><em>I know. Leave Celia to me,</em> Aishia’s determined voice echoed.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, at the mouth of the road facing Amande’s east gate square, the soldiers protecting the area had completely lost their nerves.</p>

      <p>“Eek! There’s too many of them!”</p>

      <p>Several meters away, the army of goblins and orcs closed in.</p>

      <p>“Fool! There are many citizens still evacuating behind us. For Lady Liselotte’s sake, too, protect this place with your life!” the supervisor in charge of the area yelled in motivation. They couldn’t afford to abandon their posts, as there were still huge crowds of residents evacuating behind them.</p>

      <p>“That’s right! Let’s protect this spot with our lives! I’m alone, but I’m here as a reinforcement!” the youthful voice of a young girl yelled. It was Chloe. She had been the first one dispatched to check the situation on the east gate, where the defense was thinner, when the monsters suddenly attacked.</p>

      <p>“L-Li’l Chloe!”</p>

      <p>“Stop calling me that — I’m an adult!” Chloe replied with a bitter smile. She was a little conflicted about how people still called her “Li’l Chloe” and treated her like a child, having watched her grow up in Amande from a young age with her family’s inn.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Li’l Chloe. Having you here from the attendant team is most reassuring. We’re counting on you.”</p>

      <p>“Geez, I already said...! No, there’s no time. I’ll use magic to intimidate the approaching monsters, so could everyone ready their lances and deal with the monsters that draw near?”</p>

      <p>“L-Leave it to us!” the soldiers nodded, and the battle soon begun.</p>

      <p>“<em>Photon Projectilis!</em>” Chloe held her hands out and chanted the spell. A magic circle immediately appeared, firing bullets of magic essence converted to energy bullets from within the circle.</p>

      <p>“Gweh?!” The bullets of light blew the goblins away. It was a kind of magic that had enough force to knock out a human in a single blow, depending on where it landed — meaning a small-bodied goblin could easily be sent flying.</p>

      <p><em>There’s so many of them! I hope the reinforcements come soon...</em></p>

      <p>Panic soon showed on Chloe’s face; blowing away a handful of goblins wasn’t about to stop the advancing army of monsters. They closed the distance from her without reserve, confidence clear in their creepy smiles.</p>

      <p>“Guheehee!” The giant orc acted as a wall for the goblins, drawing within meters of them. Unlike the child-sized goblins, orcs had the height of an adult human and thick skin that wouldn’t yield so easily to one shot of the photon bullet.</p>

      <p>“...” Panicked, Chloe glanced behind her. There was no sign of the reinforcements, only the sight of the residents evacuating with only the clothes on their back.</p>

      <p>The situation was hopeless. They wouldn’t even be able to last minutes like this.</p>

      <p>“Geeeehhk?!” Suddenly, a strong gale blew from the diagonally left to the side, and all of the monsters right before Chloe’s eyes were easily blown away.</p>

      <p>“Eh...?” Chloe found herself gazing in amazement. The other soldiers were also dumbfounded.</p>

      <p>Just then, Rio landed lightly right in front of Chloe. “Allow me to assist you until your reinforcements arrive.”</p>

      <p>“H-Haruto?! Ah, no — I mean, Sir Haruto!” Chloe stammered immediately.</p>

      <p>“Chloe.” The attendant uniform she was wearing helped Rio immediately identify her.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm, why are you here?” Chloe asked hesitantly.</p>

      <p>“I figured the defense at the east gate would be thinner as it was attacked later, so I came as backup.”</p>

      <p>“T-Thank you very much!” Rio’s simplistic answer filled Chloe with relief, and she thanked him from the bottom of her heart.</p>

      <p>“Now, let’s reduce the number of monsters as much as possible before the reinforcements arrive. May I take the frontline?” Rio asked as he braced his sword and faced the monsters, who seemed to be wary of Rio and had frozen in place.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, please do,” Chloe nodded with a squeak.</p>

      <p>“Then, if everyone here could handle the monsters that make it to the street.” With those words, Rio calmly closed his distance with the monsters. Sending essence into the sword in his hand, he created a large gale of wind and fired it at the monsters.</p>

      <p>“Guhee?!” Dozens of the monsters before him were pushed back to the gate, easily blown away. No sooner had he done that, Rio was charging into the group of monsters, initiating close-quarters-combat.</p>

      <p>“J-Just what <em>is</em> that guy?” The soldiers muttered in a daze at the tremendous sight of Rio’s combat prowess, frozen in their awe.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, at the governor’s estate of Amande, Liselotte had set up a temporary command post in her garden to deal with the situation at hand.</p>

      <p>“The citizens will be on edge from fear. Make sure their relocation into the inner city goes smoothly. And what was that new alarm and minotaur-like roar? I want more information,” Liselotte said to her subordinates. The attendant, Natalie, rushed to give her report with a pained expression.</p>

      <p>“There was a message from the watchtower through the magic transmission device. It seems as though a large number of monsters have appeared at the east gate, accompanied by a minotaur. They seem to have broken in.” For the record, the watchtower was a tower built in the north district that oversaw all the areas of the city.</p>

      <p>“W-What did you say?! How far have they gotten inside?” Liselotte asked for confirmation in a panic.</p>

      <p>“We don’t have any details at present, but they had intercepted them at the square facing the east gate. But our people will be quite outnumbered, so I believe we must send reinforcements as soon as possible...”</p>

      <p>“Even if we send the soldiers and adventurers in the rear guard, they’d be in danger of clashing with the citizens evacuating the other way. What about the attendants dispatched near the east gate?” All the attendants could either use magic or had magic artifacts with sorcery to enchant their physical abilities. If they were mobilized, they could move from one point to another quickly and smoothly.</p>

      <p>“Most of the personnel have been dispatched to the west gate, so at present, it’s only Chloe. Cosette and the others should be in the center, assisting with the relocation of evacuating citizens...”</p>

      <p>“Then I want you to head there right away. You can bring Cosette along with you when you pass her.”</p>

      <p>Natalie nodded after a faint pause. “...Understood.” She hesitated was because the number of Liselotte’s own guards would be lowered without her.</p>

      <p>Most of the other attendants besides Natalie were out right now, so there were barely any skilled fighters left. While there were still some attendants left, many of them were ill-suited in terms of fighting, making Natalie the most combat-experienced attendant remaining. However, the current situation required all skilled fighters out on the field, even if that left the mansion less guarded. Otherwise the threat of the front lines being broken through became more likely.</p>

      <p><em>If the attack is as large as the one at the west gate, we’ll be lacking power even with me there. Cosette might not even be able to fill that gap... </em>Natalie’s heart was torn.</p>

      <p>“Duke Huguenot’s knights will stay here at the mansion, so you don’t need to worry about my protection. This should be the safest place in the city anyway, right? All you need to do is focus on your own mission. Now go on. Get out of here.” Liselotte seemed to see through Natalie’s woes and urged her to depart with haste.</p>

      <p>“...Understood. Then... <em>Augendae Corporis.</em>” Natalie chanted the spell to enhance her physical abilities and ran off at full speed, leaving the estate. Not long after that, another attendant named Grace appeared.</p>

      <p>“Lady Liselotte, a report.” Grace could fight too, but was remaining at the mansion for her rare healing magic.</p>

      <p>“Go on.”</p>

      <p>“A skilled swordsman appeared at the east gate square. He’s driving back the monsters alone.”</p>

      <p>“...Sir Haruto?”</p>

      <p>“Most likely.” Liselotte frowned apologetically. “...It seems like I owe him once again... But that’s a relief. Natalie’s on her way too, so the east gate should have enough manpower now,” she uttered, relieved at the appearance of reinforcements.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Inside the ramparts of Amande’s north area in an isolated back alley...</p>

      <p>“Hahaha, to think it’d be so easy to sneak in. What a piece of cake,” Lucius said lightly. After sneaking into the north district amongst the evacuating residents, Lucius and Reiss had come here.</p>

      <p>“Please refrain from speaking,” Reiss sighed tiredly.</p>

      <p>“Don’t be so boring. I’ve already had to step away from such a fun-looking battlefield. You could at least keep me company in conversation.”</p>

      <p>“Then let’s talk business. As soon as the minotaurs give the next signal, we’ll begin to move. Please be prepared to move at a moment’s notice.”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha.” Lucius’ mouth twisted in a grin.</p>

      <p><em>Now, the humanoid spirit’s aura has remained at the center of the city this entire time. And it’s about time for the back line to join the front lines... </em>Reiss turned in the direction of the center block and narrowed his eyes.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>A bit earlier, back at the square near the east gate...</p>

      <p>“Amazing... that’s really amazing!”</p>

      <p>Chloe was captivated by Rio’s fighting as she stood at the entrance of the road to the square. Rio was leaping around the square, taking on the crowd of monsters alone.</p>

      <p>“Gyah?!”</p>

      <p>“Buhee?!”</p>

      <p>The goblins and orcs were being cut down as soon as they approached Rio; the speed with which he dealt with them was even faster than that of Aria fighting on the road during the last encounter.</p>

      <p>“Hey hey, Li’l Chloe. Just who is that guy fighting over there?” One of the adventurers who had come running as backup asked in awe.</p>

      <p>“That’s Sir Haruto — the one who saved Lady Liselotte. He’s a skilled swordsman,” Chloe replied without taking her eyes off the square. The person she had only met once, years ago, was freely swinging his sword about.</p>

      <p>“That ain’t just a skilled one, that...”</p>

      <p>Most of the monsters in the square were attacking Rio, making him a one-man army. He turned the tables on every monster that attacked, making the creatures in the square meet their end with swiftness. Every so often monsters would sneak past him towards the road, but those were easy for Chloe and the others to deal with.</p>

      <p>“...We don’t need to help him?” the adventurer asked hesitantly. They could’ve drawn the attention of the monsters if they tried to assist recklessly, and there was no mistaking the fact they were hindrances to Rio, but the adventurer couldn’t help but ask anyway.</p>

      <p>“...We can’t. The most we can do is get in his way. Blocking off the road here is a perfectly respectable role, and we’ll finish off the monsters that get past Sir Haruto,” Chloe replied calmly, but with a guilt-ridden face.</p>

      <p><em>I’m not good enough. If I was at least as strong as the senior attendants...</em> Rio was on too different of a level for her to measure accurately, but his power was at least equal to Aria. Chloe could not afford to butt in and make a fool of herself.</p>

      <p><em>Haruto...</em></p>

      <p>Chloe suddenly recalled the time he’d stayed at her family’s inn several years ago. At the time, Haruto had been harassed by several adult adventurers, but had defended himself with ease. Back then, Chloe could do no more than watch the quarrel take place, getting frightened by the bloodshed and commotion before distancing herself from Haruto. What took place had always left an impression on her for some reason, and she had always regretted it.</p>

      <p>“All right...” The adventurer must have sensed something from Chloe’s shameful expression and nodded quietly.</p>

      <p>“...Thank you. I’m sure that even Sir Haruto will need a break. We’ll be the ones to fight in his place when that happens, so please ready yourself,” Chloe stated with a serious look. No matter how much an enchanted sword could temporarily grant a person strength, once all the magic essence was depleted, the sword’s power would no longer be usable and the wielder would simply return to being a regular human.</p>

      <p>“Okay. In that case, leave the rear guard to us,” the adventurer nodded in determination.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Meanwhile...</p>

      <p><em>...How strange.</em> Rio had an odd feeling as he fought. While he couldn’t remember the exact number of monsters he had taken down, it was easily in the hundreds. And yet—</p>

      <p><em>Why won’t the minotaur and humanoid monsters move forward?</em></p>

      <p>The powerful monsters that were leading the pack showed no signs of stepping forward. In fact, they didn’t look like they were going to move at all. The strength of those monsters would have been enough to burst into the city depths in one fell swoop, yet the minotaur had purposefully chosen to invade through the gates. It could have easily smashed through the wall or vaulted over it instead.</p>

      <p>While it was convenient to have it on quiet standby as the defending side, its docileness was rather eerie.</p>

      <p><em>Is it waiting for something?</em> Rio thought.</p>

      <p>The monsters were the ones attacking. They were savage creatures that should only have the goal of killing people, so it was assumed their intelligence didn’t extend far past that. However, the fact they had gathered an army this large to attack, and not all at once, was curious. It was almost as though —</p>

      <p>Invading the city isn’t their goal?</p>

      <p>But why would it do such a thing?</p>

      <p><em>Aishia, has anything changed within the city?</em> Rio asked through their telepathy. Because Aishia could sense the presence of the monsters to a degree, it was possible that she’d be able to notice any abnormalities.</p>

      <p><em>Not in particular. The crowds in the square here are clearing up. Evacuation of the citizens should end soon,</em> Aishia replied immediately.</p>

      <p><em>Any changes in the monsters’ movements?</em></p>

      <p><em>None. Both east and west have blocked off the monsters.</em></p>

      <p><em>...I see. Thank you. I’ll try to come back soon,</em> Rio informed Aishia after he’d noted that enough reinforcements had gathered by the road behind him. There were still monsters remaining, but he was a little worried about Celia.</p>

      <p><em>Got it. I’ll contact you immediately if anything happens.</em></p>

      <p><em>Yup.</em> The two of them ended their telepathy there.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Chloe!” At that exact moment, Natalie and Cosette came running from the road facing the square. They were both wearing attendant uniforms that doubled as combat gear, just like Chloe.</p>

      <p>“Natalie! Cosette!” Chloe’s expression brightened at the sight of her reliable superiors. The soldiers and adventurers also greeted them with composure.</p>

      <p>“Erm, damage report?” Natalie asked in confusion, noticing the scene was a lot more peaceful than she expected.</p>

      <p>“Umm, Sir Haruto is fighting alone...” Chloe replied, looking towards the square nervously. Even at this moment, Rio was slaughtering the approaching monsters. His movements were like a nimble acrobat, seeming almost beautiful.</p>

      <p>“...Amazing, as expected.” Cosette’s gaze was already directed towards the square, captivated by the sight of Rio fighting.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>