<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter61">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“That’s...” Liselotte’s eyes widened.</p>

      <p>“The Divine Arms owned by the heroes. I named mine Yamata no Orochi,” Hiroaki explained with a smug huff.</p>

      <p>“Yamata no... Orochi.” Liselotte muttered its name.</p>

      <p>“Oh, you have good pronunciation. Yamata no Orochi was a water god in the country I lived in. I gave it that name as it’s related to the power hidden in my Divine Arms. It takes the form of an eight-headed dragon, so it’s also called the dragon god.”</p>

      <p>“Ooh...” Those present in the room raised their voices in awe, staring at the blade in Hiroaki’s hand. He seemed pleased by this.</p>

      <p>“Well, I haven’t been able to try it at its full power yet, but its ability should live up to its name. It’s possible that the wannabe dragon nearby won’t stand a chance against it, either,” he said with a finishing pose, holding the sword at the ready.</p>

      <p>Liselotte stared at Hiroaki’s blade intently before bowing her head quietly. “...In case the worst happens, I will rely on you, then.” Using an ability that had never been tested before in a real battle was dangerous, but she didn’t say that out loud.</p>

      <p>“B-Baronet Bochsa! Excuse me!” A soldier of the city came running in a panic. Tension ran through the room, everyone imagining the worst.</p>

      <p>“What happened?!” Baronet Bochsa asked immediately with a stern look.</p>

      <p>“T-The dragon-like creature flew off towards the northern skies!” The soldier reported on the situation in a high-pitched voice.</p>

      <p>“What...?” Baronet Bochsa’s expression showed faint shock before he turned his gaze to Liselotte, seeking her thoughts.</p>

      <p>“...It may still be nearby. There’s also a possibility it will return. It’s still too early to think that the danger has passed. There will be no changes to the plan yet,” Liselotte offered calmly.</p>

      <p>“It may be presumptuous of me, but I agree with Liselotte. It is still too early to relax. I believe it would be best to stay alert for several more weeks, at least,” Duke Huguenot agreed immediately.</p>

      <p>“...You’re right,” Baronet Bochsa agreed with a tired expression.</p>

      <p>“Ah, it’s just another stupid beast in the end. It can’t think for itself, so its actions are unpredictable. At any rate, there’s no changing my role of safely seeing Liselotte off. Leave that to me.” Hiroaki exhaled and shrugged his shoulders.</p>

      <p>That night, Liselotte finished dinner and shut herself away in a guest room of Baronet Bochsa’s estate in order to prepare for their departure the next morning. At the moment, only Aria, her most trusted aide, was in the room with her.</p>

      <p>“Hah...” Liselotte sighed heavily.</p>

      <p>“Are you really okay with it?” Aria asked shortly.</p>

      <p>“With what?“</p>

      <p>“Having the hero’s company.”</p>

      <p>“...I’m not really okay with it, but there isn’t much I can do about it. Though he may be a hero of another kingdom, I cannot speak against him too strongly. And judging by his personality, he would have come along even if I adamantly refused him,” Liselotte said with a tired expression, sighing once more.</p>

      <p>“He does seem to be a rather willful person. Perhaps you caught his attention and interest? Congratulations,” Aria said, giggling in amusement.</p>

      <p>“It’s no laughing matter...” Liselotte sulked and glared at Aria reproachfully.</p>

      <p>“Well, forgive me, then. But wouldn’t this incident count as a favor for Duke Huguenot since you’re going along with the spoiled whims of the hero?”</p>

      <p>“...That’s true. The duke seemed to think that way himself. That being said, from what I could see, that hero showed no signs of the mannerisms or aura characteristic of people of the military arts. I do not believe he has received proper combat training before.”</p>

      <p>“He looked like he was completely unguarded to me too. And yet, that behavior was brimming with confidence. It didn’t seem like he was acting the amateur on purpose... Maybe the Divine Arms are just that amazing?”</p>

      <p>“Recklessly handing an untrained person a powerful weapon is like asking for your allies to be injured,” Aria said with a darkened expression.</p>

      <p>“...I’ll entertain him in the horse carriage while we’re moving. There’ll be quite the squad formed thanks to their knights accompanying us, so I doubt any bandits or the like would bother us. If a monster or beast attacks, you girls should coordinate with the knights to take care of them.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. I can guess what you’re thinking, but leave it to us.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, thank you. Well, we’ve already clearly defined the line of responsibility with them, so with regards to protection, we’ll rely on their accompanying knights as much as possible. There’s no need for our side to aggressively step into the frontlines,” Liselotte said, smiling tiredly.</p>

      <p>“Your consideration is most appreciated. However, there were rumors several months ago of adventurers repeatedly going missing in the forests to the west of Amande. We must not let our guard down,” Aria warned Liselotte.</p>

      <p>Liselotte placed a hand against her mouth and searched back in her memory. “Now that you mention it, there <em>was</em> a report like that. The disappearances suddenly stopped roughly two months ago, if I recall...”</p>

      <p>“We dispatched a search party, but they weren’t able to deduce the cause of it all. A missing adventurer typically isn’t that rare of an incident, but we’ll be passing through that exact forest tomorrow, so I urge that you take care of yourself,” Aria said solemnly.</p>

      <p>Liselotte thought for a moment. “...You’re right — I’ll keep that in mind. Thank you.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>The next morning, Liselotte took her attendants and made their way to the garden of Baronet Bochsa’s estate. Hiroaki, Flora, and Roanna were yet to be seen in the garden, but Duke Huguenot’s knights had already gathered along with two horse-drawn carriages.</p>

      <p>There were eight attendants, including Aria, Natalie, Cosette, and Chloe, whereas the Huguenot side had 26 knights — among them being Duke Huguenot’s eldest son, Stewart Huguenot, and Marquess Rodan’s second son, Alphonse Rodan.</p>

      <p>“Liselotte, allow me to introduce you to the commanding officer and his assistants before we depart,” Duke Huguenot said once he’d spotted Liselotte. Stewart, Alphonse, and another male knight in his mid-twenties walked over. The latter stepped forward first.</p>

      <p>“My name is Raymond Brandt. It is an honor as a knight to be able to escort a beautiful woman like you. Pleased to make your acquaintance, Lady Liselotte,” he greeted respectfully, kneeling before Liselotte in a pompous manner.</p>

      <p>“It’s very nice to meet you, Mister Raymond.” Liselotte gracefully held the hem of her skirt and returned the greeting.</p>

      <p>“The two young ones here are Brandt’s assistants, acting as the supervisors of the younger knights. While it is embarrassing to admit, we’re short on personnel. In order to have them gain experience, the younger knights have been proactively pushed to more assignments. First, this is Alphonse, Marquess Rodan’s son,” Duke Huguenot said.</p>

      <p>“I’m Alphonse Rodan. It’s nice to meet you, Lady Liselotte.” Alphonse huffed with a smug smile and greeted proudly.</p>

      <p>“Pleased to meet you, Mister Alphonse,” Liselotte returned the greeting brightly.</p>

      <p>“And this is my son. You may have met him at a dinner party somewhere before. Stewart, introduce yourself.”</p>

      <p>Stewart stared intently at Liselotte’s fact before bowing deeply. “I’m Stewart Huguenot. Nice to meet you.”</p>

      <p>“It’s nice to meet you too,” Liselotte returned the words with a cheery smile. “Now, I shall introduce the representative of my guards as well. This is Aria, who also works as my head attendant.”</p>

      <p>Alphonse widened his eyes at Aria’s beauty before speaking. “...I will not stand for you beautiful ladies putting yourselves in danger. There is no need for you to act as escorts — we knights will be sufficient in protecting you...”</p>

      <p>Liselotte shook her head with a chuckle. “Thank you for the consideration. However, my attendants are also trained in combat, so we will not fall behind you knights.”</p>

      <p>“Hahaha, that is reassuring to hear.” Alphonse laughed heartily, looking at Aria’s slender figure. He didn’t seem to be taking Liselotte’s words seriously.</p>

      <p>“...Aria? Aria, you said? Could you be the Governess family’s...” Raymond stared at Aria’s face closely and muttered. Having overheard Raymond’s words, Duke Huguenot spoke up.</p>

      <p>“Hmm? Do you know her, Raymond?”</p>

      <p>“She’s the daughter of the Viscount Governess’s family. Our fathers are well-acquainted with each other, but I haven’t seen her since we were young...” Raymond said as he stared fixedly at Aria.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. No wonder she seemed somewhat familiar...” Duke Huguenot said in comprehension, looking at Aria somewhat suspiciously. He wondered why a noble from Beltrum was serving Liselotte.</p>

      <p>“You grew out your hair... I’ve always wondered what you were up to. What happened to your family was, umm, unfortunate... But you were working at the castle after you dropped out of Beltrum’s Royal Academy, right?” Raymond asked with a nervous expression.</p>

      <p>“It was difficult for the daughter of a ruined house to stay there, so I quit. I am serving Lady Liselotte now, so I have left my kingdom behind me,” Aria replied simply.</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p><em>That makes sense...</em> Duke Huguenot accepted with a conflicted face.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Raymond looked like he wanted to say something as he watched Aria with the same conflicted expression.</p>

      <p>Liselotte seemed to notice the air growing heavier. “She’s an extremely talented person, you know? After she ran away and started to work as an adventurer, I scouted her to work for me. She’s now one of my most trusted retainers,” she said proudly.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha. I suppose that means our kingdom has regrettably let a special talent go.” Duke Huguenot laughed openly, joining Liselotte in changing the topic.</p>

      <p>“Yes, fortunately for me. But under no circumstances would I be willing to return her, sorry to say,” Liselotte said, giggling with a smile.</p>

      <p><em>Since, all joking aside, you really are a special talent. No?</em> She looked over at Aria and gave a small wink.</p>

      <p><em>Thank you very much.</em> Aria smiled in return, letting out a puff of laughter.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>After the exchange with Duke Huguenot and his entourage, Liselotte was sent off by Baronet Bochsa. She departed for Amande, accompanied by a large party of Duke Huguenot’s knights and her fully-equipped attendants.</p>

      <p>The road through the forest was wide enough for three horse-drawn carriages to pass each other, but the two carriages in their party moved in one line as the knights and attendants surrounded them. The rear carriage held Duke Huguenot, while the front carriage held Liselotte, Flora, Roanna, and Hiroaki.</p>

      <p>Hiroaki casually gave a big yawn as he stretched his legs within the carriage. “I’m still sleepy, but it’s nice being rocked by the carriage for once. And this way, I get to chat with you guys in a private room, too.” He looked around at the cute girls accompanying him and smiled with satisfaction.</p>

      <p>“You must not let your guard down, Sir Hiroaki.” Roanna pouted her lips slightly as she warned Hiroaki.</p>

      <p>“Hey hey, there’s no need to sulk like that, Roanna.” Hiroaki smirked with a huff.</p>

      <p>“...I am not sulking. I have no reason to sulk. I am merely worried that Sir Hiroaki will be in danger.” Roanna cutely said in an irritated tone.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha, I see, I see. However, I’m here to protect Liselotte, not you guys.” Hiroaki laughed cheerily, patting the head of Roanna beside him. Then, he looked past Liselotte seated diagonally before him and landed his gaze on Flora, who sat across from him.</p>

      <p>“...Thank you for your consideration. However, as Roanna says, it would pain me to see the hero in any danger too. Please don’t push yourself too hard.” Liselotte pasted a commendable grin on her face as she replied to Hiroaki.</p>

      <p>“Ah, I don’t mind if you’re worried for me, but do I really seem that unreliable to you? I’m still a hero, you know?” Hiroaki’s smile turned bitter as he looked at Liselotte and the others.</p>

      <p>“You are, of course, most reliable. However, you don’t like conflict, correct? You don’t want to use your hero powers to kill people. Isn’t this what you told us when we first met?” Roanna said, peering at Hiroaki’s face from the side with a pained expression.</p>

      <p>“Did the hero really say such a thing...?” Liselotte widened her eyes slightly in curiosity.</p>

      <p>“Ah, you mean when I was first summoned? Now that you mention it, I did say something like that.” Hiroaki got a far look in his eyes as he thought back to the past uncomfortably.</p>

      <p>“Out of pure curiosity, I would like to hear more about when you were summoned.” Interested in the topic of his summoning, Liselotte decided to inquire about it somewhat boldly.</p>

      <p>“Ah, you want to hear about me? Why, I used to be rather inexperienced in my youth, but if it’s at the request of Liselotte herself, then sure. I’ll tell you,” Hiroaki agreed happily. He started chatting talkatively. “Well, to be honest with you, when I was first summoned into this world, I didn’t know anything. Suddenly, Flora was there, telling me I was a hero or something I didn’t understand. Anyone would be wary, yeah?”</p>

      <p>“That must have been quite the ordeal...” Liselotte commented, urging him to continue.</p>

      <p>“That being said, I wanted to know what was going on, so I listened to what she had to say. And sure enough, there came the cliche words I had been expecting — that I had been summoned as a hero to help them. They told me Duke Huguenot and the others were in some political struggle with the current government, on the verge of turning into armed conflict. And, well, you’d expect them to be looking for my power to use in war, right?”</p>

      <p>“So that’s when you said you didn’t want to use your hero power to kill others,” Liselotte said, grasping the general flow of Hiroaki’s story.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Furthermore, I had no intention of becoming a hero... Until I heard about these girls’ situations and decided I had to be the one to protect them. As I learned about the position of a hero, I realized there were things that I could do in a war other than kill people,” Hiroaki said, looking at Flora and Roanna.</p>

      <p><em>And so he became a hero, exactly how Duke Huguenot wanted, huh?</em> Liselotte thought, but didn’t say out loud.</p>

      <p>“That’s wonderful of you,” she praised.</p>

      <p>“Don’t say that — it makes me seem like some kind of spoiled child overflowing with a sense of justice. That’s not who I am. I don’t want to be seen as one of those nasty main characters.” Hiroaki waved his hand dismissively, averting his gaze out of embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“I don’t believe that’s the case...” Liselotte shook her head.</p>

      <p>“Yes, it is exactly as Lady Liselotte says,” Flora approved, and Roanna followed suit.</p>

      <p>“With all due respect, I must agree.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, don’t misunderstand me here. The reason why I want to avoid killing people is because I believe that is a violation of human rights. In the country I was in, no matter what the circumstance, murder was a sentence to being isolated from society for life. And anyway — what goes around, comes around. Humans tend to be tormented by bad aftertastes or feelings of guilt. Honestly, I look down on the act of killing people too. Even if it were for the sake of the kingdom, I don’t think a hero should perform such an inhumane act,” Hiroaki explained, clearly laying out his values.</p>

      <p>“...I see your reasons now,” Liselotte said; a quiet and noncommittal response.</p>

      <p><em>I guess he doesn’t know how many murderers he’s surrounded by right now, then,</em> she was thinking to herself.</p>

      <p>“That’s all the more reason as to why I’m worried. It’s not uncommon to be attacked by monsters and beasts on the roads that are far away from civilization. There may even be bandits around.” Roanna clutched Hiroaki’s sleeve coquettishly.</p>

      <p>“Nah, I doubt any bandits would attack a group of this size and power. And if it was against a monster or beast, I wouldn’t hold back from using my Yamata no Orochi to eliminate it,” Hiroaki said, a challenging smirk rising onto his face.</p>

      <p>“There is no need for Sir Hiroaki to bother lifting a hand at mere monsters or beasts. You should just leave it to the knight escorts,” Roanna said imploringly.</p>

      <p><em>Yes, I’d be grateful for that, too. From Duke Huguenot’s perspective, I guess he wants to see the hero in actual combat? It doesn’t seem like he has any real experience, after all...</em> Liselotte thought, before taking a tired breath.</p>

      <p>“However, that’s part of a hero’s duty too, right? To subjugate or show mercy to those who have wronged other people. I have become a hero now. I should experience things like that, too,’ Hiroaki said, sighing with exasperation.</p>

      <p>Liselotte decided it was the perfect opportunity to ask Hiroaki of any real combat experience. “...Do you have any experience subduing monsters or beasts, hero?”</p>

      <p>“None. Unfortunately, my previous world was rather peaceful. That being said, I won’t cower before a mere monster or beast. I hate any sort of sniveling like that. Well, though they may have wronged people, it still doesn’t feel too good taking their lives...” Hiroaki responded, looking gloomy.</p>

      <p>“You really do hold an intense dislike for conflict. Sir Hiroaki, you truly are so kind...” Roanna’s expression darkened as she looked up at Hiroaki’s face.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. I’m in this world right now, after all. My old world is gone. It’s probably necessary for me to lightly experience some real combat and say my true farewells to that other world.” Hiroaki seemed to be completely submerged in his sentimental feelings as he petted Roanna’s head.</p>

      <p>“You truly are a wonderful person,” Roanna said, clinging to Hiroaki.</p>

      <p>Liselotte sighed quietly to herself, her gaze shifting to Flora sitting beside her. <em>Ugh, I hope we arrive in Amande soon... Hmm?</em> She realized rather belatedly that Flora had been quiet during that entire exchange.</p>

      <p>“Princess Flora, how are you feeling? I hope the carriage ride isn’t too uncomfortable for you... Please let me know if you need anything,” she offered out of concern.</p>

      <p>“Ah, no, I’m fine. Thank you for your consideration.” Flora gave an uncomfortable smile and shook her head.</p>

      <p>“That is good to hear. I couldn’t help but notice you weren’t saying much...” Liselotte said, observing Flora’s face.</p>

      <p>“Ah, no, umm. I’m not very good at talking, so I feel calmer just listening to other people talk like this. Everything Sir Hiroaki is saying is new to me, so...” Flora excused herself, smiling bashfully.</p>

      <p>“...Oh, I apologize for assuming, then. But would you mind talking to me a little? There is much I would like to hear about from you, if possible.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I would be happy to,” Flora agreed cheerfully. Hiroaki, who had overheard their conversation from where he sat opposite to them, raised an objection.</p>

      <p>“Oi oi, don’t forget about us too.”</p>

      <p>“...Of course. So, what shall we start with?” Flora would probably speak less with Hiroaki joining the conversation, but Liselotte couldn’t refuse him. She knew she would have to lead the talk and accepted Hiroaki reluctantly.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>