<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 7: Ambush</h1>

      <p>After that, Liselotte’s party continued to clatter along in their carriages, ignorant of Reiss’ presence above them. They proceeded through the deep woods towards Amande. The front carriage where Liselotte and the others were riding had been filled with incessant chatter for some time now.</p>

      <p>“...So I shut myself away in my room that day, reading two whole books before I knew it. When I finally came out in the evening, my sister was very exasperated with me,” Flora was saying happily.</p>

      <p>“Fufu, you sure must like reading,” Liselotte interjected with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Yes!” Flora agreed happily.</p>

      <p>Liselotte looked at Flora’s expression. <em>So it isn’t that she’s bad at talking after all. When she came to my estate last time, too, she responded properly whenever I asked her something...</em> she thought, analyzing Flora. Rather than being bad at speaking, Flora was probably just shy. While that was part of the reason why she didn’t speak much, Hiroaki’s enthusiastic bragging about himself probably didn’t help with allowing Flora the chance to speak, either.</p>

      <p>In that regard, Roanna was a much better listener in how she cleverly made Hiroaki feel good about his chattering. Her difference in personality to Flora was clear.</p>

      <p>“Ah, well I’ve read eleven books in a day before,” Hiroaki boasted.</p>

      <p>Liselotte widened her eyes in a show of amazement. “Why, that is amazing.”</p>

      <p>“As one would expect from Sir Hiroaki. With that speed of reading, you could put a great amount of information into your head...” Roanna looked at him with reverence.</p>

      <p>“Well, even I can’t read technical books at that speed, but if it’s popular fiction produced for entertainment, then I’ve read most of the ones produced in my world. I just forget myself and lose time reading,” Hiroaki said smugly.</p>

      <p>“Umm, I can’t read that fast, but I think I understand. I find myself completely immersed in the world of the story when I’m reading fictional novels, too...” Flora offered hesitantly. She seemed to find it easier to join the conversation when it was about topics that interested her.</p>

      <p>Liselotte giggled, smiling. “I would love it if the two of you could tell me a little more about the worlds you’re so immersed in and what you’re thinking about when you read,”</p>

      <p>“Oh?” A thought seemed to occur to Hiroaki, making him grin happily.</p>

      <p>“...The world I was in, you say?” Flora’s eyes rounded in surprise.</p>

      <p>“Yes. If you don’t mind, will you tell me about it?” Liselotte asked, peering at Flora’s face closely.</p>

      <p>“Umm, I read novels while thinking of myself as the mirror opposite of the main character in the story. The main character that has something I don’t have moves around in a world I don’t know about. As I wonder about what the main character might be thinking or what kind of actions they will take, my mind gets more and more immersed until it feels like I’m in the world of the story, experiencing all the emotions...” Flora said, looking a little embarrassed.</p>

      <p>“Ah, I think I get it. There aren’t many good works out there that can make you think that way, though. Most have such rough backgrounds and development that they cannot achieve that,” Hiroaki lamented.</p>

      <p>“Then the world Sir Hiroaki speaks about is...” Liselotte began to ask, when suddenly —</p>

      <p>“S-Stop the carriage! Monsters are in the area! Everyone, prepare for combat!” Aria’s yelling voice could be heard from outside. One beat later, the carriage came to a stop.</p>

      <p>“Whoa, what’s going on?!” Hiroaki’s body shook as he looked around the carriage in confusion.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Moments before notice of the monster attack reached Liselotte’s carriage, Aria walked in front of the carriage with Liselotte and the others inside, surveying the forest with her sharp eyes.</p>

      <p><em>...That’s strange. It’s too quiet.</em></p>

      <p>“What’s the matter, Aria? You seem kind of tense. Do the gazes of the knights bother you?” Cosette, who was walking next to Aria and noticed her sharp look, called out to her.</p>

      <p>The current positions of the squad were as follows: Aria and the other female attendants were escorting the front of Liselotte’s carriage, Stewart and Alphonse each took a side to the left and right of both carriages with most of the knights, while Duke Huguenot’s carriage was protected from the rear by commanding officer Raymond and several other knights.</p>

      <p>“No, that’s not it.” Aria shook her head with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“But... can’t you feel them looking?” Cosette said with a happy giggle.</p>

      <p>“They just find it curious to see women holding weapons,” Aria answered flatly. Compared to the armed knights, the attendants looked distinctive in their uniforms with weapons equipped. Among them, Cosette particularly stood out by carrying her halberd.</p>

      <p>“Well, I’m sure that’s part of it, but wouldn’t you get used to seeing that pretty quickly? I think they’re actually entranced by my beauty. What do you think?” Cosette said proudly. In reality, her appearance was far above that of an average person.</p>

      <p>“Then wouldn’t the attention gather on you more than Aria?” Natalia said exasperatedly from where she was walking nearby.</p>

      <p>“S-Shut up. Aria’s face is too perfect and cold. Someone cuter like me is much better. Right, Chloe?” Cosette objected, turning to the trainee attendant walking beside her.</p>

      <p>“Huh, me?! No, ah, umm...” Chloe looked between Aria and Cosette’s faces, at a loss for words.</p>

      <p>“You don’t have to take her seriously, Chloe,” Natalie said with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“Ah, okay. But I think everyone is all very beautiful,” Chloe offered hesitantly.</p>

      <p>“Fufu, thank you. You’re a good girl, Chloe.”</p>

      <p>Chloe’s cute, too, you know?” Natalie and Cosette both smiled happily. Chloe was taken aback and flushed red.</p>

      <p>“N-No, that’s not true...”</p>

      <p>Natalie and the others watched Chloe fondly. After a lull in conversation, Cosette turned to Aria.</p>

      <p>“So anyway, you know the commanding officer of the knights? He was a little stuck up, but he’s handsome. Introduce him to me, Aria... Hm? You really are looking tense now. Is there something bothering you?”</p>

      <p>Aria was looking at their surroundings with stern cautiousness. “...Don’t you think it’s a little too quiet?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Too quiet?” Natalie and Cosette exchanged a look before tilting their heads. Chloe also looked on in confusion.</p>

      <p>“The forest. I can’t feel any of the heavy presences unique to monsters and beasts,” Aria elaborated.</p>

      <p>“Presences... We haven’t been attacked by any monsters or beasts yet, but even they wouldn’t try anything against this many people, don’t you think?” Cosette said while glancing around.</p>

      <p>Wild beasts were cautious creatures — Unless they were highly territorial, in their breeding season, or starving for food, they rarely attacked humans. In contrast to that, monsters were intelligent and aggressive beings. While they couldn’t speak, even the weakest monster — the goblin — could use simple equipment and swarm in groups to attack people. During the Divine War, goblins had served the Demon King’s army. For humans, they were vile and malicious creatures that were to be targeted for elimination.</p>

      <p>“Aria’s senses are reliable, so it’s a little curious, but... Could it be possible they’re just keeping their distance from us out of caution?” Natalie offered.</p>

      <p>“This area’s already under the jurisdiction of the Amande adventurer’s guild. If a group of monsters appeared, they’d be eliminated immediately. Ah, but maybe the monsters know that and hide away deep in the forest, building their strength instead,” Cosette joked.</p>

      <p>Natalie’s face darkened with worry as she shivered. “...That would be terrifying. Have there been any reports recently of monster numbers dropping?”</p>

      <p>“Mm... There was a report from the adventurer’s guild about two months ago that monster spawn rates were down a little, but it isn’t too rare to see that kind of fluctuation... Well, there is the case of the black demi-dragon, too, so we should look into it a little more once we get back to Amande,” Cosette said with a thoughtful look.</p>

      <p>“You’re right — let’s do that. Hah, I don’t see any rest in our foreseeable future...” Natalie sighed, head drooping slightly.</p>

      <p>“Ugh, don’t say that...” Cosette grimaced.</p>

      <p>Aria remained alert as usual of their surroundings, when —</p>

      <p>“S-Stop the carriage! Monsters are in the area! Everyone, prepare for combat!” she suddenly yelled, making the carriages come to a halt.</p>

      <p>The attendants immediately responded by surrounding the carriage with Liselotte and the others, but the knights looked around dubiously. “What? Monsters? Where...?” Their lack of trust in Aria had caused them to react belatedly, naturally.</p>

      <p>“There is an enormous number of monsters hiding in the forests to both sides of us! I don’t know how they closed in this far, but hurry and ready your shields!” Aria ordered in irritation. The knights on the outside ring protecting the carriage did as they were told, lifting their shields towards the forest with slightly sluggish movements.</p>

      <p>“Guh!” An incredible number of stones were suddenly thrown their way, hitting the knights and carriage.</p>

      <p>“Kyaah?!”</p>

      <p>“Whoa, what’s going on?!”</p>

      <p>Flora and Hiroaki’s yells could be heard from within the carriage.</p>

      <p>“<em>Magicae Murum</em>.” The attendants held their hands out in the directions they were facing and all chanted a spell at the same time. Then, a spell formula appeared at their palms, the magic circle rising and transforming their magic essence into a transparent wall of energy.</p>

      <p><em>Magicae Murum</em> was, as its name implied, a magic spell that created a protective wall made of magic essence. This barrier could block outside attacks from reaching the occupants inside. Its defensive abilities were controlled by the essence and size of the area, and simply maintaining it consumed essence. Thus, it was unfeasible to kept up forever, limiting its usefulness but making it the perfect ability for catching up on what was going on, or buying time to organize. A situation just like this.</p>

      <p>The magic barrier the attendant girls put up completely enshrouded the carriage with Liselotte and the others inside; all additional stones thrown at the carriage were deflected. However, there were still knights that were injured by the first few stones thrown. While most of the stones had been blocked by the shields, several knights were placing pressure against their injuries.</p>

      <p>Stones were the most primitive form of long-ranged weaponry, but their force was not to be underestimated. An unarmored human could be rendered incapable of fighting in a single hit, depending on where the stones struck.</p>

      <p>“Kuh! Make the heavily wounded step back. Knights, continue to hold your shields at the sides and prepare for the next attack! Don’t step out of formation heedlessly — preserve your essence! Duke Huguenot, please stay down inside the carriage!” The commanding officer of Duke Huguenot’s knights, Raymond, gave his orders from behind the line with a strained voice.</p>

      <p>“You can leave the front carriage’s protection to us!” Aria yelled towards Raymond.</p>

      <p>“...Understood! It’s entrusted to you, Aria!” Raymond agreed shamefully. There was a delicate pause before he had responded — although they had definitely discussed the division of roles in an emergency before departure, his pride as a knight felt a sense of objection at relying on women. The rain of stones paused temporarily, when the situation suddenly changed —</p>

      <p>“Monsters on the road to the rear!”</p>

      <p>“To the front as well!”</p>

      <p>From the forest off to the sides, goblins and orcs swarmed onto the road before and after Liselotte’s party in a pincer attack. Their numbers were absolutely overwhelming.</p>

      <p>“No way... One hundred, two hundred, three? Just how many are there...?” Cosette’s face stiffened.</p>

      <p>“...Can monsters plan such an organized attack?” Natalie was also dumbfounded as she looked at the monsters spreading out before them.</p>

      <p>“M-Monsters have appeared from the forests to the side!” Chloe yelled in a high-pitched voice.</p>

      <p>Aria thought for a few quick seconds before speaking up. “...Lady Liselotte, this is an emergency. We will need to take down the magic wall in order to preserve essence against this extreme number of monsters. Please remain crouched down inside the carriage and do not step outside. The carriage walls should protect you from stones, at least.”</p>

      <p>Liselotte’s reply came from within the carriage immediately. “Okay, got it!”</p>

      <p>Aria looked at the attendants and relayed them a plan she had come up with on the spot. “You girls leave the defense to the knights and take out the monsters approaching the carriage from the sides — even if it kills you. I will handle the enemies up front. After I’ve launched my attack, release the barrier and begin your attack. Understood?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, ma’am!” the attendants all agreed together. Aria nodded in return, then looked at the knights on the sides.</p>

      <p>“Knights at the sides, I leave the defense of the carriage to you. Leave the offense to us!” she yelled. The knights that had been frozen at the countless monsters swarming before them all trembled with a flinch. Their faces seemed to be questioning what a simple waiting attendant could do, when Aria drew her sword from the sheath at her waist with her right hand. At the same time, she held her left hand out and chanted a spell,</p>

      <p>“<em>Magicae Displodo.</em>”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>