<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>86—Eighty-Six</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:244b93bc-4f12-4210-ad4c-a0bee8a26e07" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="backmatter-rw Appendix-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="backmatter appendix" id="appendix001">
<h1 class="appendix-title"><a id="page-201"></a><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-appendix001">AFTERWORD</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">Men’s uniforms are righteous! Hello everyone, this is Asato Asato.</p>
<p>If girls in pilot suits are righteous, I think boys in uniform are equally righteous. If you were to ask me what’s so great about them, I’d be inclined to say it’s because they’re cool. And sexy. Stiff muscles in a work uniform’s blazer… And tan marks. Those are so hot—and so cool! So with this in mind, this volume was a uniform fiesta. I don’t think any of that made it to the insert art, though. That’s life, I guess…</p>
<p class="space-break1">Now, then.</p>
<p>Thank you, as always! I’m proud to deliver Volume 7 of <em>86—Eighty-Six: Mist</em>! I suppose this should count as the Alliance arc… Except the Alliance didn’t really do all that much. In terms of the in-story timeline, this takes place a month after the United Kingdom arc, while Shin and his group are on leave as well as on vacation from their school.</p>
<p>…What about their time at school, you ask? I’d love to read (write) that, too.</p>
<p>Oh, the afterword’s gonna be full of spoilers from this point on, so if you were thinking of reading this before you read the story…you probably shouldn’t.</p>
<p class="space-break1">Let’s begin with our usual notes.</p>
<div class="top">
<p class="bl-list">•&#160;&#160; That part in chapter 1:</p>
<p class="bl-list">•&#160;&#160; That whole scene after the “I can fly” line feels pretty lengthy, but it only took about forty pages in the original draft. Everyone was so busy fooling around that it ended up getting very long…</p>
<p class="bl-list">•&#160;&#160; Actually, my editors told me that since Volumes 4 and 5 lay it on pretty thick, I should try to aim for the same page count as Volume 2. But despite that, it ended up being longer…</p>
<p class="bl-list">•&#160;&#160; The new character:</p>
<p class="bl-list">•&#160;&#160; I was going back forth with his name. I’d go with Olivier at one point, then Olivia in another, or end up messing up his last name… By the way, he’s the grandchild of Bel Aegis, who appeared way back in Volume 3 for a bit. She’s like a domineering grandmother who’s gotten to that really scary age.</p>
</div>
<p class="space-break1">And now for spoiler territory.</p>
<p>DON’T CALL THE TITLE MISLEADING!</p>
<p class="space-break1">I mean, what else was I supposed to call it? <em>86—Eighty-Six: The Steamy Vacation Arc</em>? What is this, a high school AU? Though, given how this volume features hot springs, dates in town, the boys having a group pillow fight, fireworks, and a test of courage, I pretty much went through all the clichés.</p>
<p>A pillow fight between the girls? They probably did that later. Oh, and by the way.</p>
<p>Mist = steam.</p>
<p>It’s a stretch, I know, but use your imagination.</p>
<p class="space-break1">So yeah, I wrote a whole volume with barely any combat. Was that okay to do…? I’m a bit worried, actually.</p>
<p class="space-break1">Also, starting with Volume 4, I began getting comments like “Your writing style kind of changed. Did you finally get used to writing and come into your own?” But really, things like Volume 4’s opening scenes and this volume are actually my original, natural writing style. I’m not saying the style in Volumes 1–3, 5, and 6 aren’t, but with the series going up to Volume 7, I just kind of…couldn’t keep up my super-serious mode for that long, I guess.</p>
<p><a id="page-203"></a>Lastly, some thanks.</p>
<p>To my editors, Kiyose and Tsuchiya. Thank you for helping me in this trek through hell. Also, make sure to put girls in swimsuits on the front illustrations! Girls! In! Swimsuits!</p>
<p>To Shirabii. Swimsuits, casual clothes, evening clothes… This was probably the hardest volume to draw in the series, but I really enjoyed writing it! Thank you very much.</p>
<p>To I-IV. I feel like I really worked you hard this time. It seems like this series is becoming like a weapons exhibition as it goes on, and it’s probably not going to stop anytime soon…</p>
<p>To Yoshihara. Volume 2 of the manga is on sale! Rei’s finally in the manga… Shin’s smile as he spoke of his mixed feelings about his brother gave me chills.</p>
<p>And to all of you who picked up this volume! Thank you so much. Shin and Lena always seem to take one step forward before taking a million steps back, but they made some progress this time… I think? How did you like it?</p>
<p><em>86—Eighty-Six</em> will be going back to its regularly scheduled programming with the next volume, so if you’re a bit unsatisfied at the relative lack of combat, look forward to that!</p>
<p class="space-break1">In any case, I hope that, for even a short moment, I could let you play the fly on the wall as our favorite couple flirted their brains out. Geez, get a room, you two!</p>
<p class="space-break1">Music playing while writing this afterword: “Eyes on Me,” featured in <em>Final Fantasy VIII</em> by Faye Wong.</p>
<p class="space-break1">Oh, and there’s a bonus after this. Keep reading if you’d like.</p>
<p class="space-break1">The time they spent with their lips locked felt like an eternity, even if it was only a few seconds. The sweet sensation threatened to rob them both of their senses.</p>
<p><a id="page-204"></a>As their lips parted, they exhaled, warm breath brushing past their lips. Their heartbeats separated, ticking at different intervals once again, leaving them with a wistful sense of loneliness.</p>
<p>It was said that the human was once one being comprised of two. But the gods grew enraged, punishing humanity and literally tearing people apart. And ever since then, all people have lived in search of their lost halves. Maybe this was why a kiss felt so sweet and why parting was so terribly painful, even if it was only for a moment…</p>
<p>Shin’s eyes were still wide with shock. And looking up at him, Lena could only marvel. She couldn’t believe the way he reacted. His bloodred eyes remained open, and he stood there, blushing and stunned and silent.</p>
<p>It didn’t make her laugh, though. She found it precious.</p>
<p>He had made it his pride to fight until the bitter end, shielding himself behind armor to endure the deaths of those who passed on before him. And he always acted as if that armor was his true self.</p>
<p>But in truth, he was just a young man, not yet an adult. What she saw now was his true self, which he’d only given rare glimpses of. And that was why it felt so precious to her. Spurred by that affection, she moved her hands from his shoulders to his cheeks and leaned in for another kiss.</p>
<p>But then she came to her senses.</p>
<p><em>What…? What am I…? What am I doing…?</em></p>
<p>Her heartbeat thundered in her ears, and she felt her cheeks burning. She could still feel his lips on hers.</p>
<p>“…?!”</p>
<p>She hurriedly let go of him, recoiling as if she’d just touched something hot. Shin’s body heat, which Lena knew was higher than her own, was still warm on her palms. Her hands jumped to her mouth, which had, not a minute ago, been pressed against Shin’s.</p>
<p><em>But… I hadn’t yet… I was going to tell him I love him. But he said he loved me before I could say it, and I still haven’t… I haven’t told him how I feel…!</em></p>
<p>The moment she realized what she had done, Lena was overcome with more panic than she’d ever felt before.</p>
<p><a id="page-205"></a>She had screwed up.</p>
<p>She had intended to tell him she loved him sooner. But he was the first to confess, and it made her so happy that she was overcome with emotion. The impulse that surged within her—a lust of sorts—drove her to kiss him before she could respond.</p>
<p><em>But I haven’t told him anything yet. We’re not in a relationship… We’re not…lovers, so… This…this is…improper…! Promiscuous…!</em></p>
<p>Shin blinked his red eyes, finally snapping out of his stupor, and looked at Lena. His lips moved. And she thought she knew what he was going to say, and it made Lena panic all the more. And so with her mind still blank, she spoke quickly.</p>
<p>“Ah, ah, n-no, this is wrong, er…”</p>
<p>Lena herself didn’t know what was wrong.</p>
<p>“Um…”</p>
<p>She’d nearly said <em>I’m sorry</em> on reflex. But she knew that would only create another misunderstanding, so she swallowed her words at the last minute. She had nothing better to say, though. And she was too panicked to understand that all she needed to do was say the words back. It wasn’t too late. Even now.</p>
<p>“G-g-goodnightsweetdreamsgoodbye!”</p>
<p>With this nonsensical scream, she bolted away like a frightened rabbit. And like Cinderella, who ran away just as the magic had begun to wear off, one of her silver high heels slipped from her foot, remaining behind on the flagstones and glittering in the starlight.</p>
<p class="space-break2">“…………Um. What does this mean…?”</p>
<p>Shin was left behind all alone, baffled by the discrepancy between Lena’s words and her actions.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>