<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>86—Eighty-Six</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:244b93bc-4f12-4210-ad4c-a0bee8a26e07" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter003">
<p><a id="page-20"></a>And most of all, beyond the steam and the statues was a stunning, grand view of the mountains. Each one was topped by a crown of snow and donned an emerald cloak of conifer trees with cuffs of silvery mist.</p>
<p>Standing composed like ancient dragons, they rested alongside Mount Wyrmnest like vassals obeying their queen, with a breathtaking sky serving as the backdrop to their beautiful ridgelines. While this facility was outfitted with the latest technology, much of its interior retained the elegant, extravagant design of the ancient times. This window offered a clear view of this affluent location.</p>
<p>The majesty of this land of misty peaks likely hadn’t changed in the last thousand years. Its magnificence was everlasting.</p>
<p>“I can understand your desire to frolic about this place, and yet…” Frederica gave an exaggerated sigh.</p>
<p>“It really is amazing… This isn’t so much a bath as it is a heated swimming pool.”</p>
<p>Anju spoke as she slipped into the water with elegant, reserved motions that seemed to deliberately contrast Kurena’s splash landing. Minding her hair—which she’d tied up so it wouldn’t get wet—she stretched her slender arms.</p>
<p>“Yes, it feels nice. It’s a bit lukewarm, but it’s just the right temperature for enjoying a long soak.”</p>
<p>“I think it’s called a hot spring? They draw this hot water up from a geothermal spring in the mountain. And in the past, all this belonged to a single emperor. Can you believe it…?”</p>
<p>Michihi lamented as she scooped up the murky water in her hands. She gazed vacantly with her dark-black Orienta eyes at the subtle relief carved into the rock dome.</p>
<p>“How many people can fit into this place at once…? Makes you wonder, doesn’t it? Though I guess that’s a commoner’s way of thinking…”</p>
<p>Annette spoke, leaning her back against the edge of the bath where a rose-vine relief had been carved—likely to prevent guests from slipping. Her silver eyes surveyed the area, watching the several dozen other girls either bathing or playing in the water of the bathhouse.</p>
<p>It was the Eighty-Sixth Strike Package’s 1st Armored Division, which <a id="page-21"></a>was made up of the first hundred or so Eighty-Six to join. And these girls were the survivors of that batch. They were in the right half of the bathhouse, which was divided by the statue column. But even with so many of them in just one half of the bath, there was still plenty of space.</p>
<p>Shiden, who was reclining near her, combed her wet crimson hair and shrugged.</p>
<p>“Well, if Princess Annette is gonna start calling herself a commoner, we Eighty-Six are gonna have even fewer spaces to occupy, huh?”</p>
<p>“I’ll have you know I’m effectively homeless at the moment. Meanwhile, you guys were adopted by top government officials, even if only on paper. Your social standing’s probably higher than mine right now.”</p>
<p>Annette responded to Shiden’s quip with a sarcastic jab of her own. The Eighty-Six were the oppressed, and the Alba were their oppressors. But that line became blurred within the Strike Package, and more and more people on either side had grown used to referring to one another by name.</p>
<p>And speaking of other Alba, Annette turned around, looking at the mosaic tile arch located at the bathhouse’s entrance. Standing there was a lone silhouette trembling like a newborn fawn.</p>
<p>“Lenaaa. Don’t just stand there—come on in!”</p>
<p class="space-break1">Lena jolted and recoiled upon hearing her name. She quickly hid in the shadow of one of the basket-carrying statues.</p>
<p>“B-but…”</p>
<p>An ancient statue made in a girl’s image was far too small and slender for a real person to hide behind. But Lena just barely managed to do it, fidgeting all the while. After all…</p>
<p>“…I’m not used to seeing other people so exposed…”</p>
<p>She did both her schooling and her training for the Republic military while commuting from home and had no experience living in dormitories. Even in the Federacy, Lena had a personal bathroom attached to her room in their base. And while she had used public showers a few times during the large-scale offensive and when receiving aid from the Federacy, those still had separated booths.</p>
<p>Never before had she walked around with this much skin exposed—and <a id="page-22"></a>certainly not in such an open space full of other people. Annette simply scoffed at her predicament, though. In her nervousness, Lena kept fidgeting and rubbing her thighs together, resulting in a sight that was far more sensual than she had probably intended. Annette seriously wanted her to stop it. She could sense that a door to another world was on the verge of opening.</p>
<p>“And you think I am? Besides, wearing swimsuits is mandatory here. It’s not like we’re naked, so I don’t think you need to be so bashful.”</p>
<p>“Well, yes, but this place… It’s in plain view…!”</p>
<p>Surrounding the bath and the statues was a cluster of ancient pillars, and beyond it was a view of the snowy mountain peaks. In other words, there was nothing impeding the view into this bathhouse from the outside.</p>
<p>After all, this place was originally a villa for the emperor of Giad, and those of Imperial descent did not view their servants or the populace as equals. As such, they weren’t ashamed of being seen bathing by their servants, in much the same way one wouldn’t feel embarrassed about being naked in front of an insect.</p>
<p>Worse yet, because extra measures were taken to make the view from inside the bathhouse clear and breathtaking, the visibility from outside was also quite good. Of course, if the windows had been fully transparent, the air in the bathhouse would have been colder, so they were made from insulated, double-paned glass. But they were designed not to cloud over too easily from the steam, so the view was still quite clear.</p>
<p>This view from their location meant anyone looking in would have to do so from the other side of the mountain, but that did little to ease Lena’s anxiety.</p>
<p>“And well… They’re…they’re right there…”</p>
<p>“Yes, but we’re wearing swimsuits.”</p>
<p>Annette resolutely cut down Lena’s arguments before suddenly smirking at her.</p>
<p>“And despite your shrinking-violet act, you sure picked a raunchy swimsuit. Is this the one we bought together before?”</p>
<p>“A-Annette…!”</p>
<p>Annette grinned at her broadly.</p>
<p><a id="page-23"></a>“What’s wrong? Go ahead and show off. Like you said, he’s right there.”</p>
<p>“Annette!”</p>
<p>Lena’s rosy cheeks grew even redder at Annette’s teasing. Pure-white strings were tied along the back and waist of Lena’s brand-new bikini. When Grethe had informed them of this event and told them to bring swimsuits for the bathhouse, Lena took the day off with Annette, Kurena, Anju, and Shiden, and they went on a trip to buy some.</p>
<p>They all screeched and chattered and compared figures. It was a fun outing, but Lena also looked forward to actually wearing hers during the trip. To that end, she bought what struck her as the most appropriate swimsuit for today.</p>
<p>…But that didn’t mean she had <em>intentionally</em> picked a “raunchy” one…</p>
<p>And besides, Annette bought her own swimsuit after a great deal of deliberation, too. Hers was an orange bikini that contrasted her naturally pale skin and silver hair. Kurena, who was floating in the water nearby, chose an emerald-green bikini with a strapless top, which accentuated her thighs and chest.</p>
<p>Anju’s swimsuit was light blue and, surprisingly enough, covered her chest entirely below the neck and stopped just below her bust. It did cling to her skin, however, displaying the curvature of her breasts. Frederica, in an endearing attempt to appear more mature, wore a frilly black children’s bikini.</p>
<p>Michihi wore a red-and-gold bikini that accentuated her shoulders as a nod to her Orienta roots. And as if to contrast Michihi’s ivory skin tone, Shiden’s swimsuit boldly showed off her assets as the most developed member of the group with the darkest skin. It was a tiny black bikini that left little to the imagination.</p>
<p>And so, Lena thought, it wasn’t that her choice of swimsuit was particularly racy or erotic compared with the rest. Swimsuits were naturally designed to show the lines of one’s body to begin with, and she knew they’d be going into a hot bath, so she deliberately picked one that left her skin as exposed as possible.</p>
<p>The thought of her being seen like this, or rather, what <em>he</em> might think if he were to see her, hadn’t crossed her mind.</p>
<p><a id="page-24"></a><em>It’s not like…I</em> want <em>him to see me like this… I wasn’t…thinking about that…</em></p>
<p>But Lena managed to muster her courage and, after giving a brief nod, took a vigorous step forward, only to…</p>
<p>“Aaaah?!”</p>
<p>Having stepped forward too enthusiastically, Lena’s foot landed right on a bar of soap—made in a citrus-yellow color, specifically so it would be easy to see—and she slipped.</p>
<p class="space-break2"><em>“Ah, Lena, are you okay?!”</em></p>
<p><em>“O-ow, ouch…”</em></p>
<p><em>“Ah, wait, wait, Lena, don’t stand up! They came undone! The strings came undone!”</em></p>
<p><em>“Huh? No…! Wh-which strings…?”</em></p>
<p><em>“…You’re so tightly wound, Your Majesty. Can’t you at least tie these properly?”</em></p>
<p><em>“Ah, stop thrashing around; I’ll tie them for you. Geez.”</em></p>
<p>“……You know, guys…”</p>
<p>Hearing the screams that were coming from the other side of the emperor statue, Theo grumbled with a sigh. His consciousness kept getting drawn to the sound of splashing water, but he forced himself not to look.</p>
<p>“…I was kind of used to this ever since the Eighty-Sixth Sector. Honestly, it’s a long time coming with Kurena. But seriously, I’m at my limit. Can’t they keep it down? Or at least choose their words more carefully before they scream them?”</p>
<p>“It’s not like we don’t exist just because they can’t see us…,” Raiden muttered wearily, his gaze fixed on the ceiling.</p>
<p>Rito was already beet red despite having only entered the water a short while ago, and Dustin kept his eyes covered with his hand. Marcel sang a Federacy marching tune to himself in a trembling voice, desperate to drown the girls’ voices out.</p>
<p>The boys’ presence likely made it obvious, but they were in a mixed <a id="page-25"></a>bath. The statues dividing the bathhouse weren’t put there to act as a partition. They were just for decoration.</p>
<p>So if the boys simply turned around, they would notice that the area the girls were occupying was only a short walk away. If they were to stand up, they’d be able to see everything beyond the statues. The washing areas between the statues were for everyone as well, of course.</p>
<p>Incidentally, the cultural sphere of the continent’s northern regions—which included this hotel and the Federacy—often had bathhouses that offered mixed bathing with swimsuits. As such, the girls naturally inhabited the right side of the emperor statue, but the boys were forced to sit on the left side, paralyzed with fear.</p>
<p>In the Eighty-Sixth Sector, girls had a much lower survival rate than the boys, and there were fewer girls than boys here, too. But even with the bathhouse being large enough to house a bomber jet, somehow it felt extremely cramped with half of the bath occupied by girls. The atmosphere was beyond awkward, and the boys all wore complicated expressions.</p>
<p>Putting aside Yuuto, who had a blank expression almost all the time, even Shin, who rarely had much of a reaction to most things, and Vika, who was utterly incapable of reading the mood, were completely silent.</p>
<p>The atmosphere was unbearable.</p>
<p>“I’m technically on duty, so it’s different for me. But you’re all on vacation… I can’t see how this is relaxing,” Vika said.</p>
<p>“Next time, we should swap time slots with them…”</p>
<p>But switching time slots with the girls wasn’t actually a reliable solution. Shin got the feeling that trying to do so with Lena would actually make him run into her instead. And that led to another train of thought…</p>
<p>It was then that Theo regarded Shin with a nasty catlike grin.</p>
<p>“You still alive, Shin? What’s on your mind, bud?”</p>
<p>“…Shut up.”</p>
<p>Theo’s eyes were fixed on Shin, who remained absolutely silent and refused to look back at him. The changing rooms in this bathhouse were all booths. And since this was a mixed bath, the exit from the locker <a id="page-26"></a>rooms led straight out to the bath. As such, there was only one exit. And that was where Shin had run into Lena, completely by accident.</p>
<p>To reiterate, they were all obligated to wear swimsuits. The two of them were by no means naked. And it wasn’t as if the barracks in the Eighty-Sixth Sector showed any regard for separation between genders. Having lived there for years, the Eighty-Six had developed some degree of immunity to seeing the opposite sex naked. That was the case for Shin and Theo, at the very least.</p>
<p>But Lena wasn’t an Eighty-Six.</p>
<p>And worse yet, she had no male siblings and had lost her father when she was still very young. She grew up a sheltered, affluent girl, with her only friend close to her age being Annette.</p>
<p>In that moment, Lena had frozen. Shin had been at a loss for words. And then Lena had gone red up to her ears, yelped incoherently, and run off to the other side of the bathhouse. It was quite the impressive scream, actually; it echoed throughout the entire facility.</p>
<p>This was the fundamental reason why Lena was currently being so bashful. She’d become keenly aware of the fact that she was surrounded by members of the opposite sex in swimsuits and that she herself was walking around essentially half naked. And Shin was left quite shocked by her suddenly blushing and running away screaming. As such, he’d been quieter than usual ever since.</p>
<p>Or…maybe the source of that silence wasn’t actually shock.</p>
<p>“So it was a string bikini, huh?”</p>
<p>“Shut. Up.”</p>
<p>Shin retorted immediately. He had put the image from his mind. Or rather, he was <em>trying</em> not to remember. If he didn’t consciously restrain himself, the memory would resurface. He’d apparently gotten a real eyeful in that one moment.</p>
<p>“Lena’s pretty bold, too.”</p>
<p>“Who cares?”</p>
<p>“…Were they big?”</p>
<p>In less than a second, Shin’s bloodred eyes had become so intense, they seemed ready to burn a hole in Theo’s face. Without wasting a <a id="page-27"></a>second, Shin grabbed Theo—who had failed to evade his grasp—by the head and forcefully dunked it in the water.</p>
<p class="space-break2">The girls suddenly heard the sound of splashing coming from the other side of the sculpture, where Shin and the other boys were.</p>
<p><em>“…Bfwah! Geez, Shin, I know that one was my bad, but stop resorting to lethal force at the drop of a hat!”</em></p>
<p><em>“My hand slipped.”</em></p>
<p><em>“What the hell was that clichéd, monotone excuse? At least try to come up with something believable!”</em></p>
<p><em>“Theo, don’t tease him. He’s got zero chill when it comes to stuff like that.”</em></p>
<p><em>“No, no. This is quite entertaining, so I would like to see how far he might go. Do be a noble sacrifice, Rikka.”</em></p>
<p><em>“Wow, Vika, what the hell?”</em></p>
<p>They could be heard teasing one another and playfully arguing from the other side of the statues.</p>
<p>“…Guess the boys are having their own fun,” Annette said, furrowing her brows.</p>
<p>“S-so long as they’re happy…,” Lena muttered, submerged in the water down to her mouth after having secured her <em>frontal armor</em> in place.</p>
<p>The fact that they could hear Shin and the boys so clearly made Lena worry that her own commotion earlier might have reached their ears, too. And if it did…</p>
<p><em>They heard me during such a…shameful moment… How embarrassing…</em></p>
<p>Looking over the two of them and Anju, who happened to be standing between them, Shana cocked her head to the side.</p>
<p>“Hey.”</p>
<p>As the three of them turned to stare at her questioningly, Shana looked from one of them to the next before parting her lips.</p>
<p>“You’re all standing in size order.”</p>
<p>The three of them exchanged gazes at those words. <em>Size</em> didn’t seem to refer to their hair length. It wasn’t height, either, since Anju was the tallest. So that meant…</p>
<p><a id="page-28"></a>The three of them, as well as the rest of the girls nearby, looked down at their individual bosoms, wrapped in colorful fabric and floating in the steamy water.</p>
<p>Then came a moment of silence…</p>
<p>…after which all the girls scrambled to their feet and started comparing bust sizes.</p>
<p>“Aaah, I’m bigger than Anju but smaller than Lena!”</p>
<p>“And I’m bigger than Annette but smaller than Shana… Hmm.”</p>
<p>“Whoa… Impressive, Shiden. There’s no beating you…!”</p>
<p>“Who’re you calling small?! I’m average!”</p>
<p>“That’s right! If Annette’s small, what does that make me?!”</p>
<p>“I already knew about Kurena, but even Lena’s bigger than me… Aw, I’ve been trying not to let it get to me, but it’s so frustrating…”</p>
<p>“Th-these things just get in the way! It hurts when they move around too much, especially in battle. And they just get hot in the summer! And they’re murder on my shoulders!”</p>
<p>“Silence, fools! Why do you all insist on pushing my buttons?! This is an outrage! A personal attack!” yelled Frederica, feeling left out.</p>
<p>“Quiet, munchkin. Come back when you’ve got <em>anything at all</em> to add to the convo.”</p>
<p>The friendly buzz continued as the girls arranged themselves by size. Was there a point to any of this? Who could say…?</p>
<p>“All right, let’s see what you’re working with, Lena—D-damn, they’re huge… What do you eat to get a pair like that?!”</p>
<p>“H-huh? Stop it; don’t push me…! Now, listen here!”</p>
<p>Lena protested as she tried to shake off the Processors pushing her from behind and into the spot near Shiden and Kurena. She spoke desperately with the girls grabbing both her arms.</p>
<p>“I know we’re on vacation, but you’re being too carefree! We may have the entire hotel rented out, but, er, right next to us…”</p>
<p>Shin was on the other side of the emperor statue, close enough to hear their voices and even see them, if he stood up.</p>
<p>“Th-the boys are right there! So act a little more modest, if you please!”</p>
<p class="space-break2"><a id="page-29"></a>“Yeah, listen to her! We <em>really</em> want you to knock it off!” Theo cried out, unable to put up with the girls’ shenanigans any longer.</p>
<p>Sadly, Lena was the only one who seemed to hear him—or rather, the only one who listened. The girls’ clear, high-pitched laughter echoed off the ceiling.</p>
<p>Eventually, one idiot climbed over the emperor statue and stuck her face out.</p>
<p>“We hear ya loud and clear, fellas! But deep down, you’re dying to sneak a peek, riiiiight?!”</p>
<p>It was Shiden, waving with a radiant grin that resembled her usual crocodile smirk. And while they couldn’t deny they wanted to hear more of what the girls were talking about…it was also common courtesy to pretend they didn’t. And so they desperately tried to ignore her.</p>
<p>Yet the very subject of the girls’ discussion was now hanging heavily over the laurel wreath atop the emperor’s head, effectively thrust out before them, two heaving reminders of the things they were actively trying not to think about.</p>
<p>“C’mon, guys, where are my cheers? At least whistle or somethi—Bfah!”</p>
<p>Before Shiden could finish her sentence, Shin picked up a bucket and threw it at her, hitting her square in the forehead. Her fingers let go of the emperor statue, and she fell back into the water with a bombastic splash. He’d done it swiftly after she’d appeared, leaving Raiden torn between shock and exasperation. The fact that he’d launched his attack as soon as he spotted her was impressive in and of itself, but…</p>
<p>“…Seriously, man. Shiden’s the one person you show absolutely no mercy to.”</p>
<p>Shana’s cool, collected voice reached them from behind the statue.</p>
<p><em>“Sorry, Shin. Giving Shiden attention at times like this just gets her excited, so ignore her.”</em></p>
<p>Shiden remained completely submerged, bubbling her complaints up to the surface. They couldn’t make out what she was saying, naturally, but <a id="page-30"></a>it was probably something along the lines of <em>I’ll show you</em> excited<em>! Sleep with one eye open.</em> All in attendance hoped she would settle down soon.</p>
<p>“But yeah, all things considered, I did think hers were pretty big…,” Marcel muttered as he looked off in a random direction.</p>
<p>Revealing swimsuit aside, Shiden’s chest was so large that she was able to turn heads when wearing her uniform—and even her panzer jacket. The heavy-duty jacket was partially bulletproof and crafted to withstand high Gs during intense operations. The fact that the curvature of her bust was visible even beneath such dense material was nothing short of incredible.</p>
<p>The thought of it seemed to have stirred something in Marcel, because he clenched his fists excitedly.</p>
<p>“I mean, come on! Guys love big boobs! Haven’t you seen statues of goddesses? You know what they all have? That’s right! Huge tits!”</p>
<p>“I have to disagree with you there. In my opinion, they’re the best when they fit perfectly in the palm of your hand.”</p>
<p>“…Wow, Yuuto, didn’t expect you to chime in. And seriously, change your facial expression every once in a while, will ya? Especially during a conversation like this.”</p>
<p>“Dustin… On second thought, I don’t need to ask you. But what about you, Nouzen? I believe now’s as good a time as any to ask.”</p>
<p>“What’s that supposed to mean?!” yelped Dustin.</p>
<p>“Size isn’t all that matters. But just because they don’t care that we’re here doesn’t mean we should be talking about this while they’re within earshot,” said Shin.</p>
<p>“You say that, but you should be careful, too, Shin. I’m pretty sure you just sank poor Kurena with that comment. Like, literally sank her.”</p>
<p>With that, Raiden cast a sidelong glance at Kurena, floating in the water and foaming at the mouth, like she’d caught a stray bullet. Shin largely ignored her, though a bit of guilt crept onto his face.</p>
<p>“Well, you have the right idea. We should probably revisit this topic during a nighttime chat, hackneyed as it is.”</p>
<p>“Uh… So you’re telling me you’re looking forward to talking about girls well into the night, Prince…?”</p>
<p>Rito groaned as if his dreams had just been mercilessly trampled. <a id="page-31"></a>Vika ignored him, but another idiot soon crawled out of the woodwork, stepping away from the wall where she’d been standing by.</p>
<p>“Leave it to me, Your Highness! Incompetent though I may be, I, Lerche, shall set out in search of a suitable topic for you to discuss—Huh?!”</p>
<p>Swiftly picking up the bucket that had hit Shiden earlier, Vika wordlessly tossed it at Lerche’s forehead. True to his background as a prince of a militant country, he lobbed an incredibly strong fastball, thrown with perfect form.</p>
<p>“Shut up, you seven-year-old. You don’t even know what you’re talking about.”</p>
<p>“M-my shame knows no bounds…”</p>
<p>Lerche squatted and cradled the spot where it connected, despite being unable to feel pain. She stood out in the bathhouse since she was dressed in her uniform as usual. The Eighty-Six had already gotten used to seeing her, but Lerche wasn’t human. She was a drone component in human form. She may have looked like a living, breathing girl, but her body’s interior was as mechanical as a Feldreß.</p>
<p>She wasn’t perfectly waterproof and was therefore unable to go into the water, and so she’d been standing at the corner of the bathhouse, holding a tray that offered extra towels, soap, and a pitcher full of a cold drink as well as ice.</p>
<p>…And while it was entirely irrelevant, the boys couldn’t help but wonder about how the Sirins’ bodies were designed, with the exception of their heads. Their hair colors and the quasi-nerve crystals in their foreheads aside, their faces were indistinguishable from humans’, but if they were no different from real women under their clothes, too, it would be rather…well…creepy.</p>
<p>“It’s interesting how, um…girls are more open with those kinds of topics.”</p>
<p>Dustin bluntly changed the subject.</p>
<p>Everyone’s faces asked the question <em>You’re bringing up something that dangerous?</em> which caused Dustin to flinch.</p>
<p>“Er… You do realize they pretty much always talk about stuff like that… When we’re not around…,” Rito whispered.</p>
<p>“They’re talking about it right now, actually.”</p>
<p><a id="page-32"></a>“Yeah, they’re saying stuff like <em>Muscles are hot</em> and <em>Necks are hot.</em> I can hear ’em pretty clearly.”</p>
<p class="space-break1">The girls on the other side of the statue, who were eavesdropping on the boys’ conversation, nodded sagely.</p>
<p>“Oh yeah, muscles are hot.”</p>
<p>“Yep. And although we hardly get to see them, I like how nice and firm calves and ankles look.”</p>
<p>“For me, it’s all about the nape of the neck… I mean, shoulders are pretty hot in general, too. But that line that extends from the shoulders to the back is just… Mmm.”</p>
<p>“Oh, and I only saw this for the first time when I came to the Federacy, but I love the way a guy’s hand looks while it’s holding a cigarette! That’s the good stuff!”</p>
<p>“I’ll give you that, but arms are where it’s at. Heh. Like when a guy’s sweaty, and he rolls up his sleeves, and you can make out his tan lines… The way the veins bulge…”</p>
<p>“Veins are pretty hot.”</p>
<p>“And scars are really cool. The ones that look like the wounds were really painful are kinda…not… Buuuut when you can kind of imagine the expressions they made when they were in pain… Unf…”</p>
<p>“I mean, even the boys are comparing scars and showing off.”</p>
<p><em>I got this one while fighting in this place</em> or <em>I got this one when a Löwe busted my rig</em> or <em>I got this one climbing the fence in the internment camp.</em> These were the kinds of stories only the Eighty-Six could look back on fondly.</p>
<p>The girls had no idea what reasoning there was for them to go from dirty talk to stories about how they got their scars, but such was the nature of idle chatter. The boys likely didn’t know how it came to this, either.</p>
<p>But that reminded Lena of how scarred Shin’s body was, which made her grimace. Grizzly scars—some probably as old as seven years—marred his flesh. The most notable of them all was the one around his neck. Lena never asked how he got it, but every one of those scars was a silent reminder of the countless battles and injuries he’d endured. Most of them were probably mementos from the Eighty-Sixth Sector.</p>
<p><a id="page-33"></a>…And incidentally, despite having run away screaming, she did…get a good look at him, too…(as immodest as it was). And the moment she realized this, Lena’s face went red again. She’d noticed things like the clear distinction between his natural skin tone and the tan marks that stood as evidence of his long time on the battlefield. His lean, muscular frame.</p>
<p>He would likely stop growing soon, but there could be no doubt that his body was maturing into that of a remarkably handsome man. Even on the occasions where he’d caught her eye while wearing his normal uniform, it was hard to ignore the fact that his body and hers were like night and day. His skeletal structure, his muscles, the texture of his skin… Her eyes couldn’t help but wander.</p>
<p>And while she was lost in those thoughts…</p>
<p>“Lenaaaaa?”</p>
<p>She looked up to see the Eighty-Six girls—who had been scattered across the bath until now—closing in on her like a group of cats cornering helpless prey.</p>
<p>“Hmm…?” Lena stiffened.</p>
<p>They were close, and there were a lot of them. And their eyes seemed to glint as they scrutinized her. Lena was…quite intimidated.</p>
<p>“Your skin looks so smooth, Lena.”</p>
<p>“No tan lines, no scars… Could I feel for myself?”</p>
<p>“Don’t worry; it’ll only be a second. Just a few pokes. Okay?”</p>
<p>“Ah, er, w-wait, I, aaah…”</p>
<p>Lena’s half-hearted attempt at resistance was steamrolled in an instant. Hands extended from every direction, poking, rubbing, and caressing her skin. Lena could only let out small squeals. And Lena then realized that the boys had, once again, fallen silent.</p>
<p class="space-break2">With the boys slightly dizzy from the whole ordeal, and with the girls even more exhausted than before they entered the bath (thanks to playing around so much), they all left the facility and spent some time lounging in the reception hall.</p>
<p>This annex was made using the ancient building, with a peristyle <a id="page-34"></a>inner courtyard that was recently closed off with a glass ceiling. Now that this place had been made into a hotel, it served as a rest spot. There were many large couches that allowed one to two people to recline comfortably.</p>
<p>The sofas were spacious enough that there would be no need for a tight squeeze between the seats, and they were adorned with lambswool that felt as soft as a cloud. The reception hall was cooled by air-conditioning, and waiters dressed in the Alliance’s national outfits walked across the room, carrying trays with pitchers full of cold drinks and glasses.</p>
<p>The sofas were soft enough to sink into, and the fur spread over them was pleasant to the touch. Overcome by temptation, Shin closed his eyes but then lifted his surprisingly heavy eyelids for fear of falling asleep. Some part of him felt like he was growing complacent, but that didn’t mean he intended to stop relaxing.</p>
<p>A month or so had passed since the Dragon Fang Mountain operation in the United Kingdom ended. This time, their detachment was exempt from operational activity, which also meant they had a break from their curriculum in the special officer training. As such, even Shin knew he’d be better off adopting a mindset tamer than the one that kept him alive on the battlefield. Especially since he realized this was a place chosen for them to get some much-needed rest.</p>
<p>They were in the territory of the Alliance of Wald, a mountainous state located along the Federacy’s southwestern border. To be specific, they were in a health-resort hotel located in its second capital, Hesturn. This state boasted the tallest mountain in the continent, the sacred Mount Wyrmnest, which served as the heart of the confederacy of small countries. What little flatlands existed between the peaks housed these small countries.</p>
<p>Given its small amount of habitable land and meager population, all citizens—men and women alike—were charged with the duty of conscription. This policy of universal conscription afforded the state considerable military might. Seven hundred years ago, it had gained independence from the Giadian Empire.</p>
<p>In place of a monarch, a council was formed from the influential people of each country in the confederacy. One hundred and sixty years ago, <a id="page-35"></a>they granted all their civilians voting rights, shifting to a Republic rule—a full century after the Republic of San Magnolia set that precedent.</p>
<p>“…May I sit next to you?”</p>
<p>Shin looked up, knowing full well that the voice belonged to Lena. He gave her the okay with a simple gesture, and she took a seat next to him on the sofa. Her long silver hair was still a bit wet. And as she parted her lips, she seemed bashful for a reason Shin couldn’t identify.</p>
<p>“I’m sorry about what happened earlier. Er, I mean, screaming all of a sudden…”</p>
<p>“…It’s fine.”</p>
<p>In Shin’s opinion, the conversation that came afterward was far worse. But bringing it up now would only dig him a deeper grave. A female attendant approached them, her high-laced shoes clicking audibly against the floor. With practiced, flowing motions, she extended a glass container toward them.</p>
<p>“Would you care for some ice cream? …You’ve played around quite a bit, so you must be in the mood for something cold.”</p>
<p>Owing to the multiple countries between the mountains that constituted the Alliance, there were several ethnic groups that composed the state’s population. The largest of them were the blue-eyed Caerulea. This attendant was likely mixed with L’asile blood, judging by her dark-blond hair and the near-indigo shade of her eyes. She wore a dress that incorporated the green hues of the forest the hotel was built in, accented with brilliant red.</p>
<p>“This pitcher contains condensed milk. It’s the Alliance’s special product. We have many dairy farms, so we take great pride in the quality of our dairy products. We hope you enjoy it.”</p>
<p>“Thank you.”</p>
<p>“Thank you very much.”</p>
<p>Shin and Lena both thanked the attendant and accepted the drink she offered. The lady beamed at them.</p>
<p>“Sadly, in these trying times, there isn’t much in the way of food variety. So we hope you don’t mind the limited selection.”</p>
<p>The Alliance of Wald was a mountainous country. The peaks were so steep that, to this day, railroads had a hard time making it to this nation, <a id="page-36"></a>and the elevated rock face of its territory meant there was hardly any arable land. What little agriculture they could manage was present only in the valleys, which wasn’t nearly enough to support the population’s needs.</p>
<p>Normally, a country in such a position would turn to technology and trade to compensate through importation. And indeed, the Alliance relied on trade to resolve its food shortages. But when the Legion War broke out, each of the continent’s countries became isolated.</p>
<p>This was a grave problem for the Alliance, which had effectively been cut off from its food supply chain. While their situation wasn’t quite as extreme as the Republic’s—which had nearly 100 percent of its food synthesized from factories—the Alliance did have to rely quite heavily on factory food production to feed its population.</p>
<p>Shin and Lena were offered frozen fruit with condensed milk and ornate shaved ice cream that melted the moment it entered their mouths. It was unbelievably fresh and slightly earthy. As Lena brought a spoonful to her mouth, her eyes shot open.</p>
<p>“This is so tasty…! To say nothing of that delightful woodsy aroma. I wonder how they achieved that.”</p>
<p>“I think they used pine leaves,” Shin answered.</p>
<p>“Pine leaves? Oh…”</p>
<p>Lena squinted curiously at her spoonful of ice cream.</p>
<p>“The cuisines in different countries sure do vary… It’s the first time I’ve ever had food that included pine needles among its ingredients.”</p>
<p>“I agree with that first statement, but I’ve seen them used as a substitute for tea leaves in order to neutralize the odor from meat back in the Federacy. We even used them in the Eighty-Sixth Sector.”</p>
<p>The Eighty-Six were originally citizens of the Republic of San Magnolia, though Shin was loath to acknowledge that fact. Using pine leaves for tea was probably integrated into the Republic’s culture, as well.</p>
<p>“That could be, but…” Lena puffed out her cheeks grumpily.</p>
<p>“Maybe you should come visit the Eighty-Sixth Sector someday, Lena. You can enjoy our lovely view of the rubble and appreciate the synthesized food.”</p>
<p>Lena noticed his joking tone, of course.</p>
<p><a id="page-37"></a>“Oh, I know all about it. I had to eat it so many times during the large-scale offensive.”</p>
<p>“And what did it remind you of? I won’t be upset by your answer, so be honest.”</p>
<p>“Hmm… Well, it was…”</p>
<p>It was one of the Eighty-Six’s long-running jokes. Stifling a giggle, Lena pretended to ponder the answer for a moment, and then…</p>
<p>““Plastic explosives,”” they said in unison.</p>
<p>Lena chuckled, which made Shin’s lips curl into a smile. But her laughter soon died down, and she narrowed her eyes. The hall they were in was once a courtyard, but by now, the ceiling was outfitted with glass arrayed in a geometric pattern. The light streamed in through the glass, adorning the white floor with a glow in that shape’s form. The colors changed subtly depending on the time of day. It was an intangible beauty—art made of light.</p>
<p>That transient glow reflected in Lena’s eyes.</p>
<p>“This place really is lovely. It’s quiet… And no matter where you look, the scenery is gorgeous.”</p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p>As small as the Alliance’s territory was, the health resort that housed this hotel was far from the front lines. This was where the world’s first polypedal drone—the original Feldreß—was developed. Years ago, this state’s mountain denizens used these weapons to stave off fifteen tank divisions sent by the Empire. And they remained stalwart even when faced with the threat of the Legion.</p>
<p>And thanks to that, the flames of war ultimately did not reach this land. There was no cannon fire echoing in the distance. No buzzing from the hangars. Even the Legion’s incessant wailing felt distant here. Shin couldn’t get used to this silence.</p>
<p>The tumult of war was the constant backdrop of his daily life. The roar of artillery never stopped, and the scent of machine oil and smoke always hung in the air. A cloud of sand and battle dust always hung over the world. Because that was his version of “normal,” the idea of people enjoying this constant serenity was entirely alien to him.</p>
<p>But even so… He began to feel that even he could relax here.</p>
<p><a id="page-38"></a>“Yes… I agree.”</p>
<p class="space-break2">There were still a few hours before dinner, and Lena returned to her guest room in the hotel every now and then to pick up things she would need while bathing. Lena and Annette shared the room, but Annette hadn’t come back yet. Their beds had been made while they were out; when Lena got back, she happily dived onto the clean, straightened sheets and lounged for a long moment.</p>
<p>She was still a bit light-headed from the bath. Maybe she’d simply had too much fun. Whatever the reason, as soon as she was alone again, all the tension drained from her body, and the pleasant softness muddled her consciousness. TP, whom she left behind in the room, tottered over to her and greeted her with a familiar high-pitched meow.</p>
<p>Lena couldn’t take it along for their assignment in the United Kingdom. Not seeing Lena or Shin for over two months made the black cat a bit clingier than it had been before. Feeling TP make itself comfortable on her stomach, Lena leisurely petted it with one hand, and it purred with satisfaction.</p>
<p>As her consciousness began to wane, she thought back on the events leading up to today and eventually stopped on a certain memory. She recalled the words Shin told her after her encounter with the Phönix on the frozen battlefield of the United Kingdom.</p>
<p>Desperate words, like those of a lost child. Words that exposed his weakness and pain but also contained his most fervent desire.</p>
<p class="space-break1"><em>I’ll come back, for sure. So don’t leave me behind.</em></p>
<p class="space-break1"><em>I want to show you the sea.</em></p>
<p class="space-break1"><em>…So is it safe to assume…he thinks of me</em> that <em>way…?</em></p>
<p>The moment the thought crossed her mind, Lena was overcome with shame. She covered her cheeks with her hands as she started rolling around on the bed.</p>
<p><em>Am I reading too much into it…?</em></p>
<p><a id="page-39"></a>But <em>that</em> meaning was the only one that made sense. <em>I’ll come back, for sure</em>, he’d said. <em>So don’t leave me behind</em>, he’d said… <em>I want to show you the sea</em>, he’d said. If he didn’t mean it that way, how else was she supposed to interpret this?!</p>
<p><em>But… No…I’m definitely getting ahead of myself…</em></p>
<p>In the days leading up to this vacation period, Shin spent his time studying in the town adjacent to their base. Lena, who’d already finished her higher education, was enrolled as a student there as well for some reason, so they frequently studied together. And through their increased interaction, Shin seemed to have come to terms with his emotions somewhat. He started smiling more often and would joke around occasionally.</p>
<p>For Lena, this was a truly pleasant, unforgettable school life, but…the whole time, Shin never once mentioned that wish of his. The raw emotion he displayed when he first made it was nowhere to be found.</p>
<p>And so Lena concluded that she was just overthinking things. Yet she couldn’t come up with any other explanation for what he could have meant… And every time she thought about it, she would feel conflicted.</p>
<p>Massaging her flushed cheeks, Lena rolled around in bed some more.</p>
<p>When Shin and Lena had that exchange, they were in the middle of an operation and weren’t in a state of mind to confirm how they felt. But at this point, Lena thought that if she had to feel this way about it, she should have talked it out with him calmly as soon as the operation ended…</p>
<p><em>Wait, after the operation? Talk it out with him—calmly? No, no, I couldn’t; I can’t do that! No, no, no, it’s so embarrassing! I can’t ask him that!</em></p>
<p><em>What if I…?</em></p>
<p><em>I asked him…</em></p>
<p class="space-break1"><em>…and it turns out I had it all wrong…?!</em></p>
<p class="space-break1">Lena rolled left and right atop her bed, her hands clasped in front of her flushed face. She was so anxious and afraid that if she didn’t keep moving, she felt like she’d go crazy. To begin with, she was so occupied with Shin’s feelings, enough to become self-conscious and embarrassed…</p>
<p><em>How do I feel about Shin…?</em></p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>