<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Picking this book up on a whim. Are you sure?</p>

      <p>I’m an author that doesn’t mind writing <em>those</em> kinds of stories, you know?</p>

      <p>Hello, everyone. My name is Firehead.</p>

      <p>Firstly, thank you all so very much for picking up “A Wild Last Boss Appeared!”</p>

      <p>No, honestly, I never even dreamed the day would come where I would be writing the afterword to an actual book. I figured I’d just be writing stories on the internet as a hobby forever. In fact, I never even thought I’d win a big award for web novels.</p>

      <p>I just figured that, well, if all went well I’d pass the first or second round, so I would have been totally happy if I passed the second round. But by the time I noticed, for some reason, I’m publishing a book like this and even writing the afterword.</p>

      <p>Anything can happen in this world. It’s unpredictable.</p>

      <p>It was decided that I’d be putting out a book only a scant month after uploading to Narou. It was the end of October.</p>

      <p>“Urggh~, novel, novel...” Right now, I’m just a common web novelist who’s running full speed to get featured on a novel site.</p>

      <p>If I were to point out something different about me, it would have to be that I’m interested in the website’s contest. —My name is Firehead.</p>

      <p>So, I went to the Narou website.</p>

      <p>The first thing I saw was a new message in my inbox.</p>

      <p><em>Yes!! Nice, Earth Star Novels</em>, I thought. Then suddenly, Earth Star Novels started sinking in their hooks.</p>

      <p>“Wanna (novelize)?” I, weak to the temptation, agreed to the idea then and there.</p>

      <p>AAHHHHHH! ......Well, that’s basically how it went.</p>

      <p>But now that I’ve made an actual book, it was much more work than I expected.</p>

      <p>It was a storm of typos, missing words, plot holes, and inconsistencies... Every time I looked over my draft, more and more kept popping up! Like, even though Lufas headed over to Aries on the same day, Mars said some incomprehensible things like, “Aries has been sleeping for several days”...... Well, Mars is an idiot, so it wouldn’t be impossible to just explain it away with that fact.</p>

      <p>Now then, let’s leave the personal stories that don’t benefit anyone here. Let’s finally talk about what happened in the book.</p>

      <p>First, what did you think after reading “A Wild Last Boss Appeared!”? If possible, I’d like it if you emptied your mind and turned off your brain before reading.</p>

      <p>At the very least, the main character, Lufas, isn’t thinking of anything.</p>

      <p>She (or he), the main character Lufas Maphaahl, was written with the concept “Last boss on the outside, gamer on the inside.”</p>

      <p>It’s kind of like if the car was the best, most advanced car in the world, but the driver was still a newbie just about to attend driving school. The specs of the car and what’s inside don’t match at all. So they’re not really thinking anything in particular, and they’ll just start doing things because of a random thought.</p>

      <p>However, the character’s physical abilities are top-notch, so even if the person was just planning to move a little, it might cause a huge storm or something.</p>

      <p>Of course, letting such a person run free would turn the story into a complete mess, so they’d need something or someone to serve as training wheels. That’s where the character Dina comes in.</p>

      <p>If Dina weren’t there, Lufas would just randomly wander around the world as her whims dictate, and she’d probably be wanted by everyone in the world in a flash. The self-appointed advisor Dina supports and controls Lufas’ thoughtless actions and lack of knowledge, acting as training wheels to guide Lufas to their goal.</p>

      <p>But, these training wheels will sometimes change their direction on their own, and she has a side to her that sometimes prioritizes her own opinions. She calls herself a loyal advisor, but she’s pretty selfish and willful. That’s Dina as a character.</p>

      <p>And by getting the artist to make her as cute as possible, oh my, how strange. It’s a character that you just can’t hate even though she’s selfish!</p>

      <p>And the first of the Twelve Heavenly Stars they gain in Svel, Aries, is a boy who looks like a girl, which has been very popular lately.</p>

      <p>Putting it bluntly, Aries is basically just a girl who happens to have something between her legs. He’s fundamentally introverted, and compared to Lufas, who doesn’t think, and Dina, who’s far too free, he seems very grounded in common sense.</p>

      <p>But he does have one peculiarity. When it comes to Lufas, he immediately goes berserk, so he really does have a screw loose somewhere.</p>

      <p>I’ve put thought and care into every other character, too, like Megrez, Gantz, Levia, the orcs, and Tanaka. Every single one of them is a problem child with one or two ‘traits,’ but as an author, nothing would make me happier than if you came to like all of them.</p>

      <p>However, the most important, wonderful thing is YahaKo’s illustrations.</p>

      <p>Just seeing Lufas drawn up in a way that doesn’t let you realize how much of a dud she is on the inside, or Dina looking so cute, already makes me satisfied.</p>

      <p>There’s just one thing for me to say. Even if my story has no value, the illustrations do.</p>

      <p>To all who lay their hands on this book: Please let yourself be taken in by the art and buy it.</p>

      <p>The fact that I’m able to write a strange story like this and put it out as a book is all thanks to Sir S from Earth Star Novels who first reached out to me, as well as YahaKo, who drew such beautiful illustrations.</p>

      <p>As well as everyone else who had a hand in producing this.</p>

      <p>Thank you all so much, everyone.</p>

      <p>Also, to all of you, if you haven’t been disillusioned already with this volume, I’ll see you again in the second volume’s afterword.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>