<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>A Wild Last Boss Takes a Bath</h1>

      <p>Women are troublesome.</p>

      <p>I’ve always thought that, but now that I’ve become Lufas, my opinion’s only gotten stronger.</p>

      <p>First, my chest is heavy, and I just can’t calm down because I feel like I’m missing something between my legs.</p>

      <p>Luckily, stuff like this no longer fazes me. I suppose I should call it......the uneasiness of feeling that something is missing. It’s a strange feeling that could drive someone mad, but I’m probably just dull, or rather, really hardened against that feeling.</p>

      <p>But setting that aside, there is no way I can get around the troubles of being a woman. There’s really a lot of factors in this, but one of them has got to be baths.</p>

      <p>This happened when we were staying in Svel.</p>

      <p>After I calmed down Aries, we stopped by the public baths before Dina and I went to see Megrez. Even though the fight wasn’t that hard, I still got a little dirty, you know?</p>

      <p>I was pretty grateful for the fact that Svel had a bathing culture. In the first place, elves were people of the forest, so they had a habit of cleansing their bodies in springs and the like. So apparently, that translated into a culture of cleansing one’s body in pools of hot water. (On the other hand, it seemed like the heaven-winged didn’t have bathing in their culture. Why?)</p>

      <p>Luckily for me, there was no one else in the baths at this time.</p>

      <p>This country was just attacked by a huge army of monsters the day before, so it might have been because no one had the leeway to be carefree and take a bath, but......at any rate, it was good luck for me. If anyone was here, my wings would stand out too much, after all.</p>

      <p>So, after I quickly washed myself before taking a dip in the bath, Dina raised a complaint just as I was about to get in.</p>

      <p>“W-wait a second, Miss Lufas! You aren’t planning on getting in without wrapping up your hair, are you?!”</p>

      <p>“Hm? Yes, is there a problem?”</p>

      <p>“What are you thinking?! You can’t do that!”</p>

      <p>“?”</p>

      <p>I don’t understand why not. Baths are something you use to wash your body and hair, so not wrapping it would obviously make it easier to clean. Or rather, wrapping or binding one’s hair is meant to allow them to move easier or as some sort of fashion. I didn’t have any desire to bother with that in a bath.</p>

      <p>Also, I’ve consumed my fair share of anime, light novels, manga, and such, and there are a lot of series that feature heroines going into baths without doing that.</p>

      <p>“You’ll be bothering anyone that comes after, you know? If any of your long hair falls out, it’ll give a really filthy impression to see that just floating in the bath.”</p>

      <p>“Ahh, understood.”</p>

      <p>With that reasoning, even I understood. My, or Lufas’, hair was excessively long. It easily reached past her hips almost down to her knees. If several of those hairs fell out and were just floating in the water...... Yeah, I wouldn’t want to get in a bath like that.</p>

      <p>It’s not really relevant, but it seems that the feathers on my wings don’t come out that easily. I still washed my wings thoroughly, just in case, but I don’t think seeing a feather just floating in the bath would set a good impression, either.</p>

      <p>I see; no wonder taking baths never caught on with the heaven-winged.</p>

      <p>“Well, We suppose We could just wrap a towel around our hair.”</p>

      <p>For the moment, I wrapped a towel around my head like a turban, forcing my hair up.</p>

      <p>I sunk into the water up to my shoulders and looked at Dina, who was in front of me.</p>

      <p>Her glossy, blue hair, too-perfect doll-like face, and her completely smooth, white skin... She was obviously a beautiful girl. Ignoring how the perception of beauty changed between countries and eras she was perfectly beautiful to me, with my modern, Japanese aesthetic sense, at the very least.</p>

      <p>And said beautiful girl was in front of me, right now, wearing only a towel. If I just removed that thin towel, she’d be, put bluntly, naked as the day she was born.</p>

      <p>Normally, this would be an extremely stimulating situation for me. As a virgin who’d never even kissed a girl, I’d normally be extremely excited right now. And as I was, I would have definitely been fidgeting intensely, glancing at Dina over and over again, unable to calm down.</p>

      <p>But I wonder why it’s as if my heart is made of stone.</p>

      <p>I could see her slightly flushed, pink skin due to the heat of the bath, the valley between her breasts hidden behind that towel, and her beautiful, white legs.</p>

      <p>There was no way I’d get a nosebleed like in a manga, but still, this shouldn’t be a situation where I could remain calm.</p>

      <p>But right now, my heart <em>is </em>calm, like a cat that is ignoring its owner.</p>

      <p>Strange. Am I a withered husk?</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Miss Lufas?”</p>

      <p>“No, nothing.”</p>

      <p>It seemed that after becoming a woman, my sexual interest in them had been completely lost. I could think that they were beautiful, cute, or pretty. I could think that they were attractive. But that would be it.</p>

      <p>Just like looking at a piece of art, even if I thought, <em>‘pretty,’</em> it didn’t arouse any lust in me.</p>

      <p>Just like that, even though I could look at Dina and recognize that she was beautiful, it didn’t stir up any emotions past that for me.</p>

      <p>......No way; could it be? Will I think that way about men now?</p>

      <p>That really wouldn’t be funny. Rather, I hate that with every fiber of my being.</p>

      <p>As if it was laughing at me, the image of an uber-ripped macho man popped up in the back of my head, and I could imagine myself thinking, <em>‘oh well,’</em> and giving a thumbs up.</p>

      <p>I’M TELLING YOU, YOU’RE WRONG! WHO THE HELL ARE YOU, EVEN?!</p>

      <p>In my fantasy, I picked up the macho man that I myself imagined and threw him into space with all my might. Never come back!</p>

      <p>As an aside, Aries wrapped up his hair and got in like it was a normal thing to do.</p>

      <p>Damn, his girl power’s off the charts.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>