<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_9">
    <div class="main">
      <p>We went straight out of the Nobles district towards the Trade district. On the way, I noticed Gantz’s unique, bald head, so I approached in order to say goodbye.</p>

      <p>“Gantz!”</p>

      <p>“Wha-oh? Huh? Woah!! A super hottie?! H-hey miss, what do you need?”</p>

      <p>“Now now, there’s no need for that kind of speech. Look, it’s us. Lu—Sfalu. You took care of us when We just arrived, remember?” I said, turning Gantz speechless.</p>

      <p>Then, the next moment, he started screaming. “......Huh? Wha- WHAAAAAAAAAAAT?!” Oh yeah, I never showed Gantz how I looked.</p>

      <p>I started to think, <em>This might have been a mistake. </em>But I immediately corrected that, since we’d be leaving anyway, so it didn’t really matter.</p>

      <p>“S-Sfalu? The super suspicious-looking one in the red mantle?! You were this hot?!”</p>

      <p>“Hahhahhah, stop! Don’t flatter us like that. We simply came to say our goodbyes. We are leaving the country now.”</p>

      <p>“You’ve taken good care of us, Gantz. We’re returning to our travels now.”</p>

      <p>I laughed, seeing Gantz so surprised, and Dina also said her goodbyes.</p>

      <p>Aries was...... He must have been feeling guilty, since he hid behind me and didn’t even try to show his face. He’s totally turned into some sort of small animal, hasn’t he?</p>

      <p>“O-oh, I see. You’re leaving already? You two take care. That goes for the cute little lady behind you, too.”</p>

      <p>“He’s a boy, you know?”</p>

      <p>“Really?!”</p>

      <p>“Hahhahhah! Well then, Gantz. Let’s meet again, if the fates will it!”</p>

      <p>“Y-yeah...... Sfalu............ No, never mind. Be well! And be careful, too!”</p>

      <p>After saying our goodbyes, we left Svel.</p>

      <p>At the end, it seemed like Gantz wanted to ask me something, but he never ended up saying anything. Most likely he wanted to ask about me kicking Aries back in that fight, but he probably figured we had our own problems, so he decided not to. Or, he might actually have instinctively noticed my identity.</p>

      <p>In any case, he was a nice guy. It’d be great if he lives a long time.</p>

      <p>“So, Dina. You said that our destination is 500km away, so what do we do? We do not mind walking.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I have an idea! What about creating a golem for us to ride?!”</p>

      <p>“What, you don’t like walking?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t! It’s tiring!”</p>

      <p>After leaving Svel, we were currently on a plain so big I couldn’t tell where it ended. At the very least, there was something resembling a road made, and thinking that I’d have to walk down it was killing my motivation.</p>

      <p>Although, I wasn’t even sure how long I’d have to walk to even start to feel tired, so it was still kind of fun in a certain way.</p>

      <p>More than that though, isn’t there a sense of romance in journeys like these?</p>

      <p>But Dina seemed to hate the idea, and asked that I make a vehicle golem.</p>

      <p>This was something I learned after coming here to this world, but in here, golems weren’t nearly as dumb and actually had some ability to adapt. For example, in the game, golems would charge in as they pleased and use whatever attacks they liked, but here, golems are pretty smart. For example, Levia properly listened to Megrez’s orders. There were also no limits to the shape golems could take. So in other words, if I made one shaped like a car I’d get a self-driving car.</p>

      <p>So, if I were to classify Dina’s request as possible or impossible, it would easily be possible.</p>

      <p>“Hm, then We will try making one.”</p>

      <p>“If you’re going to be at it anyway, make one with, like, a bed and bath and stuff inside so we don’t have to camp out in the open.” Dina just smoothly upgraded her request with no hesitation.</p>

      <p>I was going to just make some sort of open topped car, but I guess now I’ll have to make a motorhome.</p>

      <p>I looked over at Aries, and although he wasn’t making any requests himself, he was looking at me with eyes full of expectations. So I guess that means he’s looking forward to whatever I make?</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s worth a try......”</p>

      <p>First, for the iron that would make up most of the car, I just used whatever ore I could find lying around.</p>

      <p>I can probably figure out furniture later. For the bath, I can just make a room for it for now and make a Goemon bath or something later. Actually, the baths in this world are all normally Goemon baths. There’s no way convenient, modern baths would exist, and I don’t know how those are made, either, so I can’t recreate them.</p>

      <p>For the bed......I can use a random tree for a frame, but the problem is what to put on top. That’s the only part I can’t make out of trees or rocks or any of the materials for concrete that are just lying around. Things would change if I had some cotton or feathers, or maybe even wool......</p>

      <p>“......ah.”</p>

      <p>“? What’s the matter, Miss Lufas? Is there something on my face......?”</p>

      <p>I had them right by me, the materials. Great. I can just have Aries turn back into a sheep later and take some wool off him.</p>

      <p>I wouldn’t say we have enough materials, but we do have the bare minimum. With this, I’ll be able to make a fairly comfortable ride.</p>

      <p>“Transmute!”</p>

      <p>First, turn some ore into iron.</p>

      <p>Changing material into something else that can also be used as material was one of the basics of being an Alchemist. However, the range of things a player could create depended on their class level, and there were a lot of transmutations that were unavailable to a starting Alchemist.</p>

      <p>Alchemists at level 200, like Mizar, could get legendary class metals out of a random rock on the ground. It’s truly scary. I stopped at level 100, so I can’t go that far myself, though.</p>

      <p>I transmuted the iron I just made again and made a motorhome. Well, I’m not well versed on how cars are made either, so it’s really just a car-shaped lump of iron. The movement would rely entirely on the golem’s ability to move itself. There wasn’t even a driver’s seat.</p>

      <p>Next, I transmuted glass from sand that was nearby to make windows. I placed several walls inside, and in one of the rooms, I put in a huge pot to serve as a Goemon bath.</p>

      <p>While I’m at it I might as well make a kitchen, too. I can’t make something nice like an electric stove, though. Instead, I made a kitchen that would fit in a bygone era, one that conformed to the level of this world’s culture.</p>

      <p>“Next is...... Aries, go back to being a sheep.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“We need your wool.”</p>

      <p>Given Aries’ size as a sheep, I can just cut a little bit of it off, and it’ll grow back later, anyway.</p>

      <p>I jumped on top of Aries, who followed my order and turned back into a sheep, and used chops with my hand to cut off a good amount of wool. This time I’d be using it as material for a futon. Given the level of this world, it’d be a surprisingly fluffy and luxurious bed. While I was at it, I put in some wooden chairs, too, and I also used Aries’ wool to make cushions for those.</p>

      <p>“Okay. For now, this should be fine.”</p>

      <p>There was a lot it was lacking, but it’ll be fine if we just buy what we need in some city later. All it needs to do right now is move.</p>

      <p>Let’s see, I might as well check this car’s stats, too. Oh, I need to give it a name, also.</p>

      <p>Golems could be named at the moment of their creation, and in the game I’d seen several golems around the place that had some familiar names. Like Gun〇m or Get〇er. Stuff like that.</p>

      <p>Right then, what should I do about this thing’s name? It shouldn’t be too pretentious, but also not too easy to forget......</p>

      <p>......Oh it’s not worth it. Tanaka’s fine.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Tanaka</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 200</p>

      <p>【Race】: Artificial Life Form</p>

      <p>【HP】: 12000</p>

      <p>【SP】: 0</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 555</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 120</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 658</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 9</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 1020</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 75</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 100<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Apparently the form affects a golem’s stats a little. This was something that’d be impossible in the game.</p>

      <p>Its speed was really high, probably because I made it car-shaped. Still, AGI as a stat represents the speed of one’s actions in combat, or ‘Agility,’ rather than movement speed, so the number doesn’t necessarily mean that something is fast, no matter how high it is.</p>

      <p>At any rate, if I were to race with it I’d still have the confidence to win, anyway.</p>

      <p>“Wow! This is amazing, Miss Lufas! With this, the journey’ll be easy.” Dina, who was complaining until just now out of self-interest, stopped on a dime and switched to complimenting me.</p>

      <p>Aries was nodding quickly in agreement with her, but in his case it looked like honest praise, so I decided to accept it graciously. But still, you need to go back to your human form. Nodding this quickly with your size is causing some serious wind.</p>

      <p>After we all got inside, I ordered the motorhome to “Head north.” When I did, it must have understood me, because it started moving in the right direction. Now it should be smooth sailing until we get where we’re going.</p>

      <p>“Ah, right. Then I’ll be procuring the furniture we’ll need. I’ll go teleport off for a bit and buy it, so please wait,” Dina said, before disappearing without even waiting for my reply.</p>

      <p>It’s as convenient as always, that teleportation magic. I’m so jealous.</p>

      <p>Actually, this might be a bit late, but if Dina could teleport why did we have to ride a carriage all the way to Svel? I could have just flown there. Even if I left her behind, she’d just catch up with teleportation, anyway. Well, it’s too late now, and Aries is here, too, so that option’s no longer on the table.</p>

      <p>Oh man, why did it take me so long to realize? I’m really dropping the ball, aren’t I?</p>

      <p>Well, whatever. For now let’s keep messing with this interior.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Hahhh! ......Hahhh......!”</p>

      <p>At the foot of the Gheil Volcano.</p>

      <p>There, a young boy was forcing his body to move, crawling along on the ground while leaving behind a trail of blood.</p>

      <p>It was just one hit—as if swatting away an annoying bug—the boy only took one hit like that.</p>

      <p>Even so, he was left unable to even stand up. Like a bug, he crawled along, desperately and embarrassingly, trying to run away from an opponent who was already long gone.</p>

      <p>“L-Lufas Maphaahl is...... The only demon <em>he</em> ever feared, is back...... She, she’s a nightmare...... This, this is......”</p>

      <p>He was lucky to be level 300. Either that, or he was only alive because Lufas honestly didn’t care about him and only bothered to use a minimum amount of power. Lufas didn’t even recognize him as a proper enemy. That was certainly humiliating. But it was also undoubtedly good luck. Thanks to that, right now he was still alive.</p>

      <p>Although that luck wouldn’t be continuing for long.</p>

      <p>“—Oh my. So you were still alive?”</p>

      <p>He heard a voice, condescending and so cold it chilled deep into his bones.</p>

      <p>Mars used all his remaining might to turn his malfunctioning body towards the owner of the voice and saw a blue-haired girl standing before him. Thanks to the sun behind her, he couldn’t see her face properly, but somehow the modest, white dress she was wearing seemed much finer than it looked at first glance.</p>

      <p>Maybe it was thanks to her elegance? Or maybe it should be called the sheer weight of her presence?</p>

      <p>At any rate, there was something mysterious about the girl that couldn’t be fully explained in words.</p>

      <p>However, her face—no, the ends of her mouth were drawn up in a semicircle like a half moon. Her expression was filled with joy.</p>

      <p>“No no, that’s no good at all. Actors whose parts are over need to leave the stage cleanly. No one benefits from a piece that should have been defeated coming back later to try to earn points. Once your role is done, you should leave. Those are the rules of the game.”</p>

      <p>“Y-you are......! Just what are-......”</p>

      <p>With a giggle, the girl ridiculed the poor clown who lost his place on the stage. She had no words to waste on answering his questions.</p>

      <p>There was the idea of ‘a present for the afterlife,’ but unfortunately, she didn’t have that sort of troublesome spirit of customer service.</p>

      <p>Simply, quickly, and beautifully. As if plucking weeds, she made the idiot who failed to even die disappear.</p>

      <p>The only disposition the girl had was of cruelty.</p>

      <p>“Goodbye, Mars. You pitiful NPC.”</p>

      <p>—Several seconds later, there was no boy there. All traces of him were gone, as if he had never existed in the first place. There wasn’t even a strand of hair left. And the girl who made that happen was also, similarly, no longer there.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>