<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Short Story: A Wild Dinosaur Appeared!</h1>

      <p>According to legend, the world used to have no mana when the people of heaven descended onto Vanaheim, a mountain that soared into the sky.</p>

      <p>They watched over the world, and took on the duty of gathering the world’s impurity. They formed forbidden golden apples, which were made of concentrated impure mana.</p>

      <p>Once, out of curiosity, someone ate a golden apple, and the person, whose body became infected with mana, was exiled from Vanaheim and became human.</p>

      <p>That was when the people of heaven incurred the displeasure of god, and from then on, they became unable to cleanse the world of impurities. That was why the world overflowed with mana, and Mizgarz ceased to be a paradise.</p>

      <p>Humans, who were cast to the earth, spread to every corner of the world, and they each started to change in their own environments.</p>

      <p>The ones who continued to eat beasts that were full of mana became beastmen.</p>

      <p>The ones who descended to Helheim, the world’s hell that was filled with impurities, became vampires.</p>

      <p>The ones who ran free across wide plains became halflings, and those people further split into those who holed up in caves to become dwarves.</p>

      <p>And the ones who lived in forests, staying in contact with nature that was filled with mana, became elves.</p>

      <p>That was considered the beginning of the world.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="signature">—[From: <em>History of Mizgarz Part 1: The Secret of the Birth of the Seven Races</em>]<br/><br/></p>

      <p>There were seven races of humanity living in Mizgarz.</p>

      <p>Beastmen, or therianthropes, lived on the plains, while the heaven-winged lived on high mountains. Dwarves lived in caves, and halflings lived a nomadic life with no fixed home. Humans lived anywhere they liked, while vampires resided in the dark. And elves could be found in the forest. That was the common sense of this world.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t decided on by anyone in particular. It was simply a result of their inborn instincts telling them which places were easiest to live in. If there were someone who decided this, it would have to be the goddess that birthed them all.</p>

      <p>That’s why no one doubted anything and simply lived like it was natural.</p>

      <p>But among those people, a certain young man named Megrez was one of the few who doubted what was ‘natural.’</p>

      <p>Elves lived in the forest. They were born in the forest and died there, too. They spent peaceful, unchanging days in the forest. They lived off of a small amount of grain, didn’t fight, and didn’t change. Every single day for however many years, decades, or centuries, they simply existed.</p>

      <p><em>What the hell? This is way too boring. Are we plants or something? If we’re going to keep spending every single day without change like this, then there’s no point in being part of humanity, right?</em></p>

      <p>It made Megrez want to tell people, “Then why don’t you just turn into a tree?!”</p>

      <p><em>Why do we have hands? Why do we have legs? Why do we have heads, and magic, too?</em></p>

      <p><em>If you want an unchanging life so bad just become a plant or something. Change into something like a tree and live your entire life carefree like that.</em></p>

      <p><em>‘These unchanging days are the most precious thing. Peace is happiness.’ That’s what every old elf parrots back at me.</em></p>

      <p><em>Sure, it’s true that peace is important. If peace continues, then there’ll be no large amounts of pain or deep despair, either.</em></p>

      <p><em>But if nothing ever changes, then that means there’ll be no great joy, either. A life with no ups or downs. Just a flat existence.</em></p>

      <p>Megrez didn’t especially reject the idea of it. After all, everybody had their own feelings and opinions.</p>

      <p>However, at the very least, Megrez hated the idea.</p>

      <p><em>I was gifted with eyes, so I want to see so many different things. And I have ears, so I want to hear so many sounds. I want to touch with these hands, walk with these feet, and feel things directly on my skin.</em></p>

      <p>With those feelings, Megrez left his home forest.</p>

      <p>Nothing really led up to it, and he didn’t have any real goal, either. He didn’t even have a destination; he was just a young man who left his forest with vague and obscure dreams.</p>

      <p>Later, Megrez would look back on those times and lament about how unplanned everything was. The young man that would later be called the Wise King was still a simple, honest youngster back then.</p>

      <p>Megrez, who left the forest without any plans or prospects, eventually ended up in the Trade City of Ydalir, and, of course, he got lost there.</p>

      <p>Elves always fundamentally lived self-sufficiently and would help each other frequently. That was why, to them, it was natural to share when someone was in need, and even when wanting compensation, it was done through trading goods.</p>

      <p>In other words, Megrez hadn’t learned the value of currency yet.</p>

      <p>In the first place, he had no familiarity with the concept of using small circular lumps of copper or silver to ‘buy’ things. He did have knowledge of it, at least. Megrez had heard that in human towns they obtained things by doing that, and he had seen the merchants that dropped by the forest every once in a while do the same with the elders of the forest, too.</p>

      <p>However, in the end, he only knew of it and never placed much importance on actually learning more. Knowing and understanding were similar, but two completely different things. That’s why Megrez left with no money to his name, and was left at a loss at not being able to get anything.</p>

      <p>“N-No way...... To get things in a human town, you need...... No, I can’t even get a place to sleep for a night without money?!”</p>

      <p>The one who would later be crowned the Wise King was utterly surprised by a simple fact that was obvious even to children.</p>

      <p>If a certain person that was hailed as the Wise King in the future were to see this, he’d probably faint.</p>

      <p>Of course, Megrez wasn’t joking around. He was, in fact, extremely serious. He was seriously surprised and troubled.</p>

      <p>However, to the people that saw him he simply looked like an idiot with no common sense, and they would only think, <em>What’s an elf doing here?</em></p>

      <p>At any rate, Megrez regrouped. He at least understood that the first thing he had to do was obtain money. Without money, he couldn’t get food nor a place to sleep.</p>

      <p>Just in case, Megrez had the food and water he brought from his forest, but there was a very limited amount he could carry with his low physical strength, so it would probably last three days at best.</p>

      <p>There was a limit to how unprepared someone could be.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, you!”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Me?”</p>

      <p>Megrez understood that he needed money. However, he had no idea how to go about getting money. And if he didn’t know, he just had to ask. It could be said to be a correct decision.</p>

      <p>The person would probably think the question was so obvious even a child could answer it, but anyway, Megrez did the right thing.</p>

      <p>Megrez stopped a young man with spiked black hair, wearing some cheap armor. The young man wasn’t ugly by any means. In fact, he’d be considered pretty hot for a guy, but thanks to him being generally a little filthy, it was all wasted. At the very least, he probably wasn’t a person that worked and lived in town normally.</p>

      <p>Having to rely on someone who looked like that showed that Megrez was probably backed into a pretty tight corner.</p>

      <p>“It’s embarrassing, but I just came here from my forest, so I’m not very familiar with human towns. How do people earn money?”</p>

      <p>“Money? ......I mean, what other way is there but work? Though, I only know one place that’d suddenly hire someone nobody knows like you.”</p>

      <p>“There is one? Then please, show me to this place.”</p>

      <p>“Ahhh, I don’t mind, but......are you sure? It can’t be called good work, even if I’m stretching it.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind.”</p>

      <p>More than anything, Megrez needed money.</p>

      <p>At this rate, he wouldn’t be able to live in town. And if that happened, he’d have no choice but to return to the forest, which would be far too embarrassing to do after he had mouthed off like he did before leaving. It’d only been a few days since he did that, after all. If he actually returned, it was clear he’d become a laughingstock, and among elves, who had very few ways to entertain themselves, that status would last for several decades.</p>

      <p>Humans would forget after 75 days, but elves remembered for 75 years. In other words, he’d be laughed at and ridiculed for 75 years. And that was something Megrez couldn’t take.</p>

      <p>“Then, well, I’ll introduce you, but...... Don’t hate me for this,” the young man said before showing him to a dingy-looking bar.</p>

      <p>It was dirty and reeked of booze. Megrez’s first impression was one of filth. It could be summed up in that single word.</p>

      <p>It seemed like the first floor was used as a canteen, but from the bottom of his heart, Megrez thought, <em>It’s amazing that they can stomach eating here.</em></p>

      <p>It reeked of grease and fat everywhere, the stink of booze filled the air, and the men that were loitering were the worst. The stench of their cheap armor was awful, and they were stained with the stench of blood and fat. They must not have washed in some time, as they really did smell just as much as they looked—like a bed of disease.</p>

      <p><em>It stinks! It stinks! It stinks! More than anything, it stinks so bad I can’t stand it!</em></p>

      <p>“Wh-What is this place, a cesspool? Is the job you’re introducing me to cleaning up a cesspool?”</p>

      <p>“Ahh, a cesspool, huh? Well, that’s not wrong. In truth, there are some jobs that are close to that. If you value your life, then it is an option to just take dirty jobs like that.”</p>

      <p>“D-don’t joke with me!”</p>

      <p>“It’s better than dying and being eaten before being shat out, right?”</p>

      <p>The young man stepped over to the counter and sat in an empty space. For a while, Megrez couldn’t figure out what to do, but the young man was beckoning him with his hand, so he took the seat next to the young man.</p>

      <p>The chairs were in an awful state, too. Just by sitting down, they creaked and groaned.</p>

      <p>“Adventurers, or in other words, people who sell their lives at a massive discount. There are no conditions at all to become one. Even if you’re a slave or have no physical ID and are homeless, you’ll be accepted without question. However, no matter what happens, it’s all your responsibility. No matter if you die or are injured, no one’s going to take responsibility for it.”</p>

      <p>“It’s not exactly without conditions.”</p>

      <p>The master behind the counter cut in in the middle of the young man’s explanation. He was a stern-faced man with his white hair all slicked back.</p>

      <p>He started adding on to the explanation while polishing a glass.</p>

      <p>“It’s true that there are some places that accept newbies with no conditions, but at the very least, it’s different here. Dying as an adventurer is the adventurer’s own responsibility, but if they fail the job that was given to them, it’s our reputation that suffers. That’s why if you lack ability, I’ll only give you stuff like chores.”</p>

      <p>“So he says. Isn’t that great? Even without any ability you can at least get some chores to do.”</p>

      <p>Adventurer......Megrez had heard that word before.</p>

      <p>In other words, they were the bottom of human society. Or, small-time punks. Or, walking dead. ......It wouldn’t be strange for any of them to drop dead tomorrow. In fact, it was rare for adventurers to leave a corpse. That’s why they didn’t need burials or prayers.</p>

      <p>It was an awful, shitty job that sounded worse the more Megrez heard about it. Just the worst occupation. That was the job of ‘Adventurer.’</p>

      <p>Megrez had no money, so he would become an adventurer. However, because he had no money, he couldn’t buy a sword or armor or anything else. And because he couldn’t complete requests like that, he’d just die. If he at least had the money to get equipment, well, he wouldn’t be dipping his hands into such a mob-like job in the first place.</p>

      <p>If he had the ability to fight monsters, then he could try for being a mercenary, part of a volunteer security organization, or even a knight.</p>

      <p>That’s why all the ones who became adventurers were half-assed. Only useless people would gather, and every day their faces would change. And because the job was like that, it didn’t need any sort of conditions to it.</p>

      <p>In fact, if someone with any sort of societal status and ID were to become an adventurer and die, it would be a problem. If some noble kid became an adventurer on a lark and died because of it, that bar would be inundated with terrible rumors. Or the nobles might unleash assassins in their anger.</p>

      <p>That’s why nobody had any ID. It was better not to have one. The more one became someone no one would miss, even if they disappeared tomorrow, the more they were fit to be an adventurer. The job of adventurer was like a last bastion for those unwanted by society.</p>

      <p>“Right then. I’ll be judging your ability. Come with me to the back.”</p>

      <p>“G-got it.” With a gulp, Megrez swallowed his saliva and stiffened his expression.</p>

      <p>Megrez had some confidence in his ability to fight. His physical strength and stamina were absolutely useless, but he was an elf. He had magic.</p>

      <p>In the first place, elves were humans who were changed by mana, and were the race out of the seven who were most suited to magic.</p>

      <p>Magic was an academic practice. It was made of theories and logic. Almost all living things had mana inside of them, but to turn that into phenomena, one needed their own formulas, which were something one just didn’t master in a single day or night.</p>

      <p>For the same magic, if a human were to learn it, it would take ten-odd years to obtain, although that depended a bit on the human’s natural talent. A human’s average lifespan was around sixty years, so over ten years would be over 10% of their lifespan. But elves usually needed only about half the time to learn magic (it depended on the elf, though), and using that amount of time to learn magic was nothing to the long-lived elves.</p>

      <p>That’s why elves and vampires were good at magic.</p>

      <p>And speaking of long-lived races, there was one other......</p>

      <p>“Master, I’d like to take this job...”</p>

      <p>A girl stopped the master just as he was about to go through the entrance to the back room and showed him a job request form.</p>

      <p>“Oh, if it isn’t the lady with the black wings. That job’s pretty tough, but it shouldn’t be a problem for you.”</p>

      <p>She was a beautiful girl. Megrez fell in love at first sight.</p>

      <p>First, the proportions of her face were near perfect. It was remarkable even among elves, who were all beautiful. Then, there was her golden hair. Her hair, which turned scarlet around her neck down, was like fire. Her eyes were also like bright rubies. But the most striking feature of hers was the pitch-black wings that grew from her back.</p>

      <p>Megrez had heard that the heaven-winged all had white wings, but apparently, people like her existed.</p>

      <p>Megrez watched her as she quickly left after stating her intentions. Meanwhile, Megrez questioned the young man.</p>

      <p>“Who was that?”</p>

      <p>“Ahh, you’re surprised? She’s a heaven-winged girl. She’s an adventurer even though she’s a girl. And she’s beautiful to boot. She’s really good, too, so there’s no one here who doesn’t know her.”</p>

      <p>“That’s surprising but......the color of her wings is rare, right? I’d heard that the heaven-winged’s wings were all white, but am I behind the times?”</p>

      <p>“No, your knowledge is correct. Well, basically, she’s the same as us. ......She has nowhere to go. At least, other than a cesspool like this.”</p>

      <p>“Well, sorry for being a cesspool!”</p>

      <p>The master, who had heard the young man’s comment, slammed his fist into the guy’s head, eliciting a cry of pain.</p>

      <p>But Megrez didn’t care; his thoughts were fixed on the black-winged girl he just saw.</p>

      <p>The heaven-winged prided themselves on the whiteness of their wings. Then that meant that girl surely lost her place in her hometown. She had no other choice than to come to a human town and work as an adventurer.</p>

      <p>When he thought that, Megrez realized how blessed he was. As well as just how little he belonged in that dingy bar...... He left his forest without much thought, but he had somewhere to go back to. He’d be laughed at for 75 years, but he at least had people who would accept him.</p>

      <p>But there was no one like that for her.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Megrez did well, using water magic to destroy the golem to pass the store’s test and get permission to be an adventurer from the master.</p>

      <p>Since that happened, it was inevitable that next he’d take on a job. After all, Megrez had no money. He couldn’t afford an inn, nor could he buy any food.</p>

      <p>Megrez had the option of camping out for around three days with the supplies he brought with him, but he didn’t have any backup after that. So making money as fast as possible was top priority. For now, Megrez took on an easy-looking monster hunting job.</p>

      <p>“So, why are you following me?”</p>

      <p>“Aww, don’t get your panties in a bunch. I’m just being a little nosy. Like, I introduced you to this job, you know? So I’d feel bad if you up and died all of a sudden.”</p>

      <p>Walking next to Megrez was the adventurer who introduced him to the job, holding the sword that seemed to be his favorite in one hand. His normal walking pace was probably faster, but he was matching Megrez, showing his consideration.</p>

      <p>“Still, it was a good choice to go exterminate leps. Leps used to be rabbits, so they aren’t terribly strong, and they haven’t changed too much, either. They’re just really violent bunnies that’re a size bigger. As long as they don’t let their guard down, even an average villager can kill one. Did you know? Monsters are just animals that have been changed with mana.”</p>

      <p>“I know that much. Don’t make fun of me.”</p>

      <p>Megrez was currently making his way through the vegetation of a forest near Ydalir. Recently, there’d been an outbreak of leps here, so the job this time was to reduce their numbers some. Basically, he was just getting rid of pests.</p>

      <p>Leps......officially named “Morrisleps,” were weak monsters as the young man described, but they reproduced very quickly. They were annoying if there were too many of them, and they’d ruin the ecosystem of the forest, so they needed to be culled regularly, but it was too small a job to call in the actual army every time. That was why it was a job for adventurers.</p>

      <p>Of course, just because it was a job to exterminate leps didn’t mean that nothing but leps would show up, and sometimes adventurers would have to deal with some annoyingly strong monsters.</p>

      <p>However, even if adventurers died, it wouldn’t be a breach of contract or a scam since taking jobs and dying and everything in between was all on the adventurer’s shoulders.</p>

      <p>“Whoops, there they are.”</p>

      <p>The man seemed to have noticed something as he looked up from the ground. His eyes were turned to a group of rabbits around 50 meters ahead. His mouth curved upwards in a violent expression, and he readied his sword, resting it on his shoulder.</p>

      <p><em>Won’t that cut into your own shoulder if you aren’t careful? </em>Megrez thought, but decided not to say anything. He probably just wanted to look cool.</p>

      <p>“There are seven, eight......ten leps, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Each one is weak, but having to deal with ten at once will be a little troublesome. Should we do it?”</p>

      <p>“Didn’t I tell you not to make fun of me?” Megrez said, sounding miffed, before swiftly using his right pointer finger to draw a circle in the air.</p>

      <p>The basics for magic were three processes.</p>

      <p>First was concentration. One needed to concentrate the mana inside them into a single point.</p>

      <p>The ‘vessel’ to store mana until it was fired was completed by drawing a magic circle, and it would stay there until the magic was complete. In the circle was a pentagram. Each point represented an element, starting with wood at the top, then fire, earth, metal, and water in clockwise order. Then, one drew lines from wood to earth, earth to water, water to fire, fire to metal, and lastly, metal to wood. The lines showed the relationships between the elements. On top of that, a circle around the pentagram to represent the moon was drawn. And on top of that, one more circle for the sun.</p>

      <p>All that took three seconds. Megrez was fast enough to be considered a veteran by human standards. At the very least, a newbie mage would need around ten seconds to do that.</p>

      <p>Incantations? Such things didn’t exist.</p>

      <p>“First process, complete. Next, moving on to the second process. Converting mana. 120 MP into water mana, emit as ether. Construct magic formula, reinforce the circle. Charge complete, waiting to fire.”</p>

      <p>Megrez poured his mana into the completed vessel and fixed it in space.</p>

      <p>It only took an extra two seconds for a total of five seconds, but the leps noticed them. But it still wasn’t a problem. There was more than enough distance to make it.</p>

      <p>That was the second process. Right now, the vessel only had pure mana, which hadn’t been changed in any way. Letting it go now would do nothing. It might cause the mana-hating heaven-winged some discomfort, but that’s all.</p>

      <p>Then came the third process—to change the mana into a phenomenon.</p>

      <p>“Second process complete. Switching over to the third process. Changing to phenomenon. Isolate fire and wood mana, excise impurities, adjust density. Everything is within margin of error, there are no problems. Accelerate mana circulation, change to phenomenon. Third process complete.”</p>

      <p>Taking another two seconds, Megrez completed his magic in only seven seconds.</p>

      <p>Megrez’s palm emitted a mass of fake water that was transformed from mana, and once it was complete, it waited to fire.</p>

      <p>It was just fake water that would return to mana once the spell was over, but it wasn’t much different from the real thing until it disappeared. No, it was more compressed and concentrated than real water could ever be in nature, so it was far more dangerous. Weighing around 100 tons, the water was being compressed, ignoring the laws of physics. Of course, if such a thing hit you, it would do more than just hurt.</p>

      <p>“Woah?!! That’s super fast! It hasn’t even been ten seconds?!”</p>

      <p>“Human magic is too slow. You all should be able to at least shoot off some weak magic in ten seconds. ......Go, ‘Aqua Blast!’”</p>

      <p>Apparently, the young man had thought the leps would reach them before Megrez finished his magic.</p>

      <p>He wasn’t wrong. In actuality, it would be true for most humans who were just starting as mages, and they’d probably need someone to buy them time to finish their spell. However, Megrez was a long-lived elf who could train for several hundred years. Common sense didn’t apply to him.</p>

      <p>In fact, for Megrez, it was an insult to already be surprised at something of this level.</p>

      <p>The final form of magic that all elves strived for was to be able to shoot off spells instantly with no need for preparation. Right now, it was but a distant, unreachable peak, but Megrez had decided that he would get there some day. Still, that was far-off in the future. Right now, it was all he could manage to blast through four lined-up rabbits.</p>

      <p>“Four, huh? ......My aim was a little off.”</p>

      <p>“No, that was great for a preemptive attack! You did great!” the young man roared happily as he faced the six leps that had finally reached them head on.</p>

      <p>Each one was around an adult man’s thighs in height, and the young man’s sword flashed as it swung against these giant rabbits.</p>

      <p>When he made his first swing, three of the leps who had unguardedly charged at him were cut down pitifully, turning into hunks of meat. Then, the young man’s sword flashed again as he attacked with a backswing. This one bisected the last three leps that were shocked into freezing because of the first attack.</p>

      <p>The most surprising thing was the young man’s skills, as he managed to kill six of them in only two swings. It seemed like he was relying on the sharpness of his blade, but no, it was more the weight of it. The sound the sword made when it was being swung wasn’t normal.</p>

      <p>“That sword...... How heavy is it?”</p>

      <p>“Dunno. I picked the heaviest one I could so that it’ll still kill things when I swing even if the blade is dull. Well, personally, I’d like a heavier one, but......I have no money.”</p>

      <p>The young man laughed merrily as Megrez internally recategorized him into someone with idiotic strength. Humans were more physically powerful than elves (rather, elves were just way too weak), but even so, his strength was abnormal.</p>

      <p><em>I see. So he isn’t just arrogant.</em></p>

      <p>To Megrez, he was strong enough that it didn’t make any sense why he was still an adventurer. Megrez even figured it was a bit of a waste, since the man could probably become a knight.</p>

      <p>“Now then, usually heads are the proof of extermination, but with how big these are, you can probably take back their entire bodies if you stuff them in hard enough. Their meat is delicious and nutritious, too. It’s kind of a waste to just take their heads and throw away the rest.”</p>

      <p>“......You’re going to eat that?”</p>

      <p>“Well, of course. Adventurers are eternally poor. If you can save, you need to save. Ah, right. Elves don’t like meat, was it?”</p>

      <p>“It’s not just elves. The heaven-winged don’t like meat either, right?”</p>

      <p>“For them, it’s more like they don’t like meat that has mana in it or meat from birds. If it’s regular animals, they actually like it, it seems.”</p>

      <p>While talking, the young man started to stuff the carcasses into a dirty bag that he’d brought with him. It was a pretty gruesome, or rather bloody, sight. Megrez, who wasn’t used to it at all, averted his eyes as he started to turn green.</p>

      <p>“Not used to this, huh?”</p>

      <p>“......Yeah. Since we fundamentally don’t kill animals. Much less gather their bodies or cut off their heads......”</p>

      <p>“Get used to it. You’re an adventurer.”</p>

      <p>“I know.”</p>

      <p>As was mentioned before, leps were violent rabbits that were a little large. In other words, from the outside, they were uselessly cute, which stirred up unpleasant feelings in Megrez. There were even women that found leps too cute to kill. Of course, they were all rich ladies with heads full of flowers.</p>

      <p>“Now then, let’s go back for now. It’d be hard to keep going carrying this much stuff, after all.”</p>

      <p>“It’s not over with just this trip?”</p>

      <p>“No. Depending on the job, they warn you that it’ll take several days. The job is actually pretty easy this time, since it’s so close to Ydalir.”</p>

      <p>With a grunt of effort, the young man heaved up the bag that was starting to drip with blood. Megrez could tell blood was pooling at the bottom of the bag, but it didn’t seem like the man cared.</p>

      <p><em>At the very least, that’s impossible for me,</em> Megrez thought.</p>

      <p>The young man started walking, and Megrez followed.</p>

      <p>All that was left to do was go back the way they came. There wasn’t any guarantee they wouldn’t encounter more monsters, but no problems should occur as long as they didn’t let their guards down.</p>

      <p>Megrez was about to do just that, since he’d just finished his first job, but that was prevented by the sound of an animal roaring.</p>

      <p>“......Huh? Something big is coming this way.”</p>

      <p>“Ah?”</p>

      <p>Megrez had already heard it, but the young man probably hadn’t sensed anything yet. Elves had better hearing than humans. But the sound gradually grew closer, and the young man’s expression grew more stern.</p>

      <p>He dropped the bag to the ground and readied his sword. His expression said that he was ready for anything.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, there’s something bad coming this way. It’s going to be pretty big. Ready your magic now.”</p>

      <p>“Got it.”</p>

      <p>There was no need for the young man to tell him; Megrez was already preparing a spell. He could tell just from the sounds how big the enemy was. And from the roar, he could tell how dangerous it was. Either signal was plenty to consider the enemy a danger.</p>

      <p>Apparently, there was something huge in this forest that wasn’t indicated in the job form, and it was coming this way.</p>

      <p>“Are there large monsters in this forest?”</p>

      <p>“There shouldn’t be anything other than worldvines......but this one’s clearly different.”</p>

      <p>Worldvines were giant boars that lived in the forest. They were over two meters tall. They were plenty dangerous to a newbie adventurer, but the sounds the two of them were hearing were clearly different. It was larger and sounded much more dangerous. And it was coming closer at a remarkable speed; the two of them couldn’t help but get nervous.</p>

      <p>“......It’s here!” the young man said, and at the same time, the trees were mowed over, revealing it.</p>

      <p>Even at the smallest estimate, it was over 15 meters tall, and it looked just like a giant reptile. Its large mouth was lined with fangs, and it seemed like it would rip a person in half with one bite. It had tiny, almost wilted-looking arms and a blackened body, as well as a fat tail.</p>

      <p>It was described as a dragon, and its silhouette was incredibly close to that feared creature, but it wasn’t a dragon. No, in the first place, it wasn’t a monster. Only a simple ‘animal.’ But its viciousness and power were stronger and more monster-like than some monsters’, and it was feared by many people. A portion of scholars even stated, “Why not just call it a monster already?”</p>

      <p>Since ancient times, they’d existed in the world in small numbers, and if they were mutated by mana, they’d turn into a fearsome dragon. People named them “Dinosaurs,” a name filled with fear.</p>

      <p>“I-isn’t that a dinosaur?! What the hell is a dinosaur doing in this forest?!”</p>

      <p>“A-and that shape...... This is bad, that’s a dinorex; it’s a large carnivore!”</p>

      <p>“So it’s the worst one?!”</p>

      <p>Dinorex, a large dinosaur. Among the small handful of dinosaur species, it was the strongest and worst. It possessed unparalleled aggressiveness and might, and it considered everything in front of it food. Humans, animals, monsters, even devilfolk......as long as it was nearby, it was an enemy and therefore food. It simply used pure power to eat and kill everything, as if it was saying ‘you all are so puny, bothering with your monsters or magic or whatever!’</p>

      <p>They didn’t mind getting some wounds, they wouldn’t stop, and they wouldn’t falter.</p>

      <p>Such a natural-born monster was in front of Megrez and his friend right now, unleashing its cry.</p>

      <p>“GAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!”</p>

      <p>The cry that was hard to apply language to spread through the forest, shaking the very air. That voice, which probably sent all the surrounding animals and monsters running for their lives, sapped away the two’s will to fight.</p>

      <p>“I-I get it now. This thing is at fault for the boom of leps. Because it came to the forest, all the leps’ natural predators ran.”</p>

      <p>“Then why are only the leps left?”</p>

      <p>“As if I’d know. Maybe they’re so small they aren’t even worth eating? And this is just the worst......that bastard just had a fight. It’s all pumped up since it got hurt!”</p>

      <p>The dinorex was covered in wounds here and there, and they were still bleeding. It was surprising that there was something that could wound the invincible-seeming dinorex, but whatever it was probably wasn’t alive anymore.</p>

      <p>But more importantly, since the dinorex was left alive but wounded, it was still agitated and on a rampage.</p>

      <p>“Fuck!! We have to do it, elf bro! Don’t go pissing yourself in fear now!”</p>

      <p>“Right back at you!” Megrez shouted, as if to drive away his fear, before unleashing the spell he had prepared.</p>

      <p>It was the same spell, Aqua Blast, that killed so many leps earlier.</p>

      <p>The bullet of compressed water flew straight and knocked the dinorex’s jaw upward.</p>

      <p>The ball of water looked like a sphere that was a little too big to carry in both arms, but its weight was over a ton, since it ignored the laws of physics. In other words, it was as if the dinorex was struck with a bullet that weighed a ton.</p>

      <p>However, although the dinorex’s jaw flew upwards, there wasn’t any more damage than that, and in fact, all it did was turn its anger-clouded attention on Megrez.</p>

      <p>“No good, it didn’t work!”</p>

      <p>“Well, from the looks of it, our customer over there’s several tons heavy...... No wonder it wouldn’t do much.”</p>

      <p>If one was asked whether or not an impact of one ton was weak or strong, it would be strong. At the very least, if a human was hit with it, they wouldn’t just end up with some injuries. However, it was comparable to simply being tackled by a one-ton animal, and many animals as heavy as that existed in nature. Of course, none of those creatures could bring down a dinorex. It would probably just use its simple weight advantage to sweep them away.</p>

      <p>In other words, Megrez needed something more powerful in order to defeat it.</p>

      <p>“TAAAKE THIISSSSS!!”</p>

      <p>The young man made a sweep with his sword, slamming his weapon into the leg of the dinorex. But the hit was shallow. The sword was stopped by the dinorex’s legs and wouldn’t keep going.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t as if there was no damage. His sword definitely bit into the dinorex’s flesh, and it was bleeding as a result. However, given its thick muscles and the difference in size, it wasn’t a large wound at all.</p>

      <p>Even a strike that would cleave a human in two was like being cut with a small knife to a dinosaur. As all that strike did was stoke the flames of the dinorex’s anger, it could be said to have had a detrimental effect.</p>

      <p>“JAOOOOOOOO!!”</p>

      <p>“Whooaahh?!”</p>

      <p>The dinorex swept at the young man with its thick tail.</p>

      <p>The young man managed to react and jumped backwards to evade, leaving the tail sweep to miss him and continue on to easily snap a couple trees.</p>

      <p>The power behind that attack was scary; if it had connected, it would most likely have killed him in one hit.</p>

      <p>Continuing on, the dinorex opened its jaw and lunged at the young man with its sharp fangs.</p>

      <p>The young man was quick-witted, though......and by a hair’s breadth, he dodged the dinorex, landing next to Megrez.</p>

      <p>“No good, my sword doesn’t do much either! Hey, elf, don’t you have any more powerful spells?”</p>

      <p>“I do! But it’ll take time!”</p>

      <p>“How much?”</p>

      <p>“Twenty...... No, I can do it in fifteen seconds!”</p>

      <p>“Fifteen seconds......”</p>

      <p>Fifteen seconds. Considering it would be a high-tier spell, it was plenty fast.</p>

      <p>At the very least, if a newbie human mage tried to do the same thing, they’d take like a minute, and even a pretty well-known mage would need around thirty seconds. So by those standards, fifteen seconds was, once again, plenty fast. It was fast......but.</p>

      <p>“I’ll have to keep that busy for fifteen seconds, huh...... That’s gonna be hard.”</p>

      <p>Their enemy was a dinosaur, and a dinorex at that. The difficulty was on a whole other level.</p>

      <p>However, it was the job of a front-liner to buy enough time for back-liners to cast their spells, and it wasn’t a situation where he could refuse, either. The young man couldn’t land a decisive blow himself, so since he’d be relying on magic to finish the job, he had to take an appropriate amount of risk, too.</p>

      <p>“Do it in ten!” The young man made a ridiculous request to Megrez before charging at the dinorex.</p>

      <p>Originally, ‘impossible’ would be a light description for telling someone to cast a spell that takes fifteen seconds in ten. In fact, even being able to cast a spell that would work against a dinorex in fifteen seconds indicated a talent that adventuring parties would flood with requests. Even the young man knew that.</p>

      <p>He knew it, but that just showed how much he needed Megrez to achieve the impossible.</p>

      <p>“Starting first process. Drawing magic circle. Wood to earth, earth to water, water to fire, fire to metal, and metal to wood. Connecting the pentagram of relationships and surrounding it with the circles of sun and moon. First process complete!”</p>

      <p>The young man made a shallow slice into the dinorex before immediately opening up a distance. He didn’t have to try to defeat it. As long as he managed to keep its attention, it was fine.</p>

      <p>The young man needed to make the dinorex believe he was a threat, therefore concentrating all its attention onto him to buy time. So he didn’t need any flashy or vicious attacks, nor did he need to approach too aggressively. He just needed to escape for ten seconds while drawing its attention.</p>

      <p>“Next, moving on to the second process. Converting mana. 120 MP into water mana, emit as ether. Constructing magic formula, defining shape. Charging complete, on standby. Second process complete!”</p>

      <p>Megrez was muttering a progress report at an incredible speed, but in truth, he didn’t actually have to do that. But it wasn’t completely without merit. By putting the progress of his spell in words, he could let his friends know how close he was to firing his spell. If the front line could estimate how long it would take for the spell to be completed, they’d have an easier time getting out of the field of fire, lowering the chances of friendly fire.</p>

      <p>Rather, staying silent while constructing a spell would be more annoying. The front line would be unable to estimate when they needed to pull back, and if they were to be suddenly attacked from behind, that would cause them to be unable to dodge, turning friendlies into shields for the enemy.</p>

      <p>But depending on circumstances, it could also be a bad move. For example, when the enemies were also human. Since the enemies would also understand speech, it would be like announcing when you were about to attack. Any attack made like that would miss.</p>

      <p>On top of that, there was a technique where the mage could report fake progress, but either way, the dinosaur in front of Megrez couldn’t understand speech, so that was useless.</p>

      <p>“WOAAARRGGGHH!” The young man yelled a battle cry as he continued to attack the dinorex.</p>

      <p>His armor was now damaged, and even grazes left him covered in wounds. It wasn’t as if he was weak; it was just that the dinorex was far too strong. Rather, he should be praised for being able to last so long against a dinorex.</p>

      <p>“Moving on to the third process. Converting to phenomenon. Isolate fire and wood mana, eliminate all impurities, adjust density. Omit problem check, start compressing. Accelerate mana circulation, convert to phenomenon. Third process complete!”</p>

      <p>“I’ve been waiting for that!”</p>

      <p>As soon as Megrez announced that his magic was complete, the young man jumped to the side. He was pretty well-versed on how to cooperate with mages. If the front line didn’t pull back, the mages couldn’t unleash their spells. So front-liners needed to be able to retreat quickly as well as be able to distract the enemy. Simpletons who could only charge forward would find it impossible to team up with mages.</p>

      <p>On that point, he passed. Contrary to his rough personality and manner of speech, he knew when to pull back. Thanks to that, Megrez could promptly fire his magic without worry!</p>

      <p>“Cut it apart, Water Jet!”</p>

      <p>Immediately after, a laser of water shot out of the magic circle that Megrez had constructed in a straight line.</p>

      <p>No, since it was made of water, it wasn’t a laser. At the very least, the word was technically wrong, and it wasn’t accurate as an example, either. But the young man thought ‘laser’ when he first saw the spell go off.</p>

      <p>If a new word were to be invented for it, it would probably be “water flash.” It was just that sharp and fast. The water drew a line to its target in an instant and pierced through the dinorex.</p>

      <p>But the magic wasn’t over yet. It was just starting.</p>

      <p>The superfine jet of water that was almost traveling at the speed of sound could cut through diamond.</p>

      <p>Megrez moved his hand, and little by little, the flow of water changed heading. When it did, the jet of water moved along with it, easily cutting the dinorex apart. In fact, the water pierced through the dinosaur and even cut apart the trees behind it.</p>

      <p>Eventually, the spell attack was over, and at the same time, the severed head of the dinorex made a sound as it fell off. After a delay, the trees behind it also fell over. Looking a little farther away, all the trees for several tens of meters behind the dinosaur were cut down.</p>

      <p>“O-Ohh......that’s some amazing power. All the trees behind it are gone, too. ......I hope the country doesn’t come complaining after this.”</p>

      <p>“The country should have some wood element heaven-arts users. They can just regenerate the trees. Definitely. Well, they’ll probably complain a little, but......it’s better than being eaten by that thing, no?”</p>

      <p>“Haha! You said it!”</p>

      <p>The dinorex was defeated, and freed from the tension, the young man laughed together with Megrez.</p>

      <p>Neither of them expected to see a dinosaur, but once it was over, it meant that they managed to kill a giant. The results were more than enough for Megrez’s first mission. Even a veteran adventurer wouldn’t want to take on a dinorex, and a country’s soldiers would probably have to be prepared for death. And just two adventurers managed to do it. It was an achievement they should’ve been proud of.</p>

      <p>However, another giant dragon’s face came slipping out from the cover of the forest, as if it was aiming for the exact moment they let their guards down. It was the same as the one they just defeated, a dinorex...... No, in fact, it was even bigger.</p>

      <p>And it showed itself to Megrez and the young man.</p>

      <p>“......No way.”</p>

      <p>“......I’d like to believe it’s a lie, too.”</p>

      <p><em>No, no more. I can’t take any more.</em></p>

      <p>That was both of their honest feelings.</p>

      <p>Even taking down one dinorex was something akin to a miracle. To have another one come out, and right after the other one, too... On top of that, it was even bigger than the first? The two of them could only think it was some kind of harassment.</p>

      <p>However, as if it didn’t care about what the two of them were thinking, the dinorex took a step......</p>

      <p>—And immediately afterwards was crushed by a falling black angel.</p>

      <p>“......Wha?”</p>

      <p>Black feathers scattered and fell slowly. Her flame-like blonde hair swayed, and she stood on top of the dinorex as if that was the natural state of their pecking order.</p>

      <p>The dinosaur was motionless. With just that one hit, she crushed its head, completely ignoring the size difference, killing it instantly.</p>

      <p>The black angel raised her face as if she wasn’t fazed at all by what just happened and seemed to notice Megrez and the young man for the first time. After that, she looked over towards the headless dinosaur on its side near Megrez and the young man, and her face scrunched up.</p>

      <p>“......So it ran all the way here.”</p>

      <p>“J-just how many times do I have to be surprised today, elf bro?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry, I’m surprised, too.”</p>

      <p>She defeated a dinorex, which took them so much effort to defeat, with one hit. Megrez couldn’t even muster a laugh.</p>

      <p>After looking closer, Megrez saw that it was the same heaven-winged girl from the bar. From the fact that she just naturally killed that dinorex earlier, it seemed that the job she took on back then was to kill these dinosaurs.</p>

      <p>When she locked eyes with Megrez, she apologized to them.</p>

      <p>“Ahh......sorry. That dinorex there was one I was hired to kill, but it ran away in the middle of the fight......it seems like I’ve caused you some trouble. I apologize greatly.”</p>

      <p>“A-Ahh, don’t worry about it...... Wait, you had to kill two dinorexes?! Damn, girl, I can’t believe you took that job.”</p>

      <p>“No, I didn’t know they were dinorexes, either. The form just said that there was something ruining the ecosystem of this forest, so I was to investigate the cause and, if possible, kill it. I didn’t expect the cause to be a dinorex couple, but well, I figured it would work out, so I attacked them. ......I never would have expected dinorexes, who are famous for being fearless, to run away from battle. Forgive me.”</p>

      <p><em>What the hell? The dinorex got scared and ran? Just how strong is she? </em>thought both Megrez and the young man, in awe of the black angel in front of them.</p>

      <p>They’d heard that animals were sensitive to the strength of others, but they’d never heard of a dinorex running from an opponent.</p>

      <p><em>Sure, they’d probably run in the face of a dragon, but to run from one of the human races......</em></p>

      <p>Even if there was someone like that, it’d have to be someone on par with the famous Vampire Princess Benetnasch, who was said to be the world’s strongest. At the very least, they’d have no business being an adventurer.</p>

      <p>“Y-you...... What’s your level?”</p>

      <p>“416.”</p>

      <p>Megrez reflexively did a spit take. So did the young man.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t important, but Megrez was level 42. The young man was also probably around there.</p>

      <p>“416?! What the fuck is with that level?! Why are you even an adventurer?!”</p>

      <p>“N-no way...... Even the elder of the forest was only 160......”</p>

      <p>“Like, even getting past level 100 is rare! It’s said that there may be around ten people like that in the world!”</p>

      <p>Being in shock after hearing about her level was just natural.</p>

      <p>For the standards of this world, a trained soldier would be about level 50 or lower, and those promoted to captain would be skilled if they were over level 60. Being in triple digits already made one a hero, and it could be said that those people surpassed human limits.</p>

      <p>No, they, in fact, did surpass human limits. In the triple digits, a person could not only withstand a tail sweep from a dinosaur, they’d actually be able to catch the tail and turn it into a throw. Let alone being over level 300, at that point, the person would surpass any monsters or even the devilfolk.</p>

      <p>“To me, I’m still immature. I’m not nearly at my goal...... No, my starting line. At the very least, I’ll need to be level 1000.”</p>

      <p>“At the very least?! You’d be at the very top! Even the strongest being in the world, Benetnasch, is level 600, and you’re aiming higher?!”</p>

      <p>“Of course. In the first place, this world’s standards are strange. It’s like the world is telling you to be afraid of monsters and devilfolk and just keep running. As if it won’t allow you to do anything else. Well, I’m not satisfied with allowing that unreasonableness to keep going forever.”</p>

      <p>Her statement was a roundabout way of criticizing the goddess.</p>

      <p>The goddess controlled every system in the world, such as the strength of beings living in it. The black angel deemed that strange and declared that she did not like this world that had set humanity as weaklings.</p>

      <p>However, mysteriously, it seemed like she’d be able to fulfill all her goals.</p>

      <p>“By the way, it seems you two are pretty strong yourselves. I never would have thought a dinorex would be killed by some other adventurers.”</p>

      <p>“......Well thanks. It just sounds like gloating coming from you, though.”</p>

      <p>“I’m complimenting you for real, though.” The black angel pouted, unsatisfied, before starting to butcher the dinorex’s skin and bones with a knife.</p>

      <p>The materials yielded by a dinosaur were valuable. The young man also quickly went over to the dinorex he and Megrez defeated and started to take it apart as well. Only Megrez sat and watched over them, green in the face.</p>

      <p>“But you know, I wouldn’t have been able to do it by myself. It’s all thanks to that elf over there.”</p>

      <p>“Hm......the trees were all well cut, I see. It must have been amazing magic.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Oh, that’s right, bro. Why don’t we team up from now on? I think we’ll make good partners.”</p>

      <p>The young man invited Megrez to form an adventuring party. Of course, there was nothing Megrez would like more. Megrez was a back-lining mage, so he wasn’t suited for adventuring solo. On that point, he had no complaints about partying. The young man filled all the checkboxes as a front-liner.</p>

      <p>“How ’bout you, black-winged girl? There’s probably a lot that’s harder for you by yourself.”</p>

      <p>“Hm, not a bad idea. Not bad......but, if you’re going to join me, I will have you raise your levels to an appropriate stage. You’ll need to at least be able to defeat a dinosaur by yourself.”</p>

      <p>“B-be gentle, okay?”</p>

      <p>The young man stopped taking apart his prey, and violently wiped his bloodied hands on his pants. After that, he washed them with some water he brought along and walked up between Megrez and the girl.</p>

      <p>“Well then, let’s shake hands now that we’ve formed a party. I’m Alioth. One day I’m going to be the world’s best swordsman.”</p>

      <p>The young man—Alioth—introduced himself, giving a toothsome smile while announcing his grand ambition. Going along with that, the girl also stood, and after cleaning her own hands, she grabbed his.</p>

      <p>“I’m Lufas. Lufas Maphaahl.”</p>

      <p>Lastly, Megrez rushed to wipe his hands on his pants. In the first place, he never touched the dinosaurs directly, so his hands were still clean, though. Then, he took Lufas’ hand and introduced himself.</p>

      <p>“I’m Megrez. Pleased to meet you.”</p>

      <p>That day, in a small forest, a single adventuring party was formed. They would later continue on to shake the world, breaking thoughts long held as common sense one after the other, but that’s a story for the future.</p>

      <p>Though they would one day part, for the present they were simple youngsters chasing dreams.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>