<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p>......S-so brittle. Way too brittle. A cardboard box is harder than that.</p>

      <p>I pulled out my leg, which was buried in the ground up to the knee, and glanced at the owner.</p>

      <p>......I don’t really care, but isn’t this ground too soft?</p>

      <p>“Owner. There is no need to hold back. Can you not make these things move even a little more realistically?”</p>

      <p>“......Huh? Wha-, huh......? N-no way...... The g-golem was squished in an instant? W-what just happened......?”</p>

      <p>“......Could it be, you didn’t see what happened?”</p>

      <p>I thought that the golem was slow and brittle. But from the way the owner reacted, it appears that I’m wrong.</p>

      <p>Ahh, I see. I am wrong.</p>

      <p>It’s not that the golems were too slow or too brittle. It’s just that once I start concentrating for battle, I’m too strong and too fast. Our perceptions of time were far too different.</p>

      <p>“We see......in other words, that was their all?”</p>

      <p>Those golems were level 5. And level 5’s were newbie adventurers......or in this world, just strong enough to live on their own.</p>

      <p>On the other hand, I’m level 1000. And I’m especially confident in my speed.</p>

      <p>In the end, their fastest just looked slow to me, and the difference in perception of time was enough that it was actually hard to try to get hit on purpose. It was the same in the game, where, if the difference in speed was too much, even just standing there like a log will cause attacks to miss.</p>

      <p>The fight between me and the golem was just like that.</p>

      <p>“This won’t do at all.”</p>

      <p>I lightly kicked the second golem apart. It felt like I was kicking tofu. They fell apart so easily it was actually hard to tell if I defeated them or not.</p>

      <p>—Ahh, this is......this isn’t a fight anymore. It’s just a match of attrition I’m guaranteed to win. This is just a farce that gives me no sense of accomplishment, like accidentally walking over a bug.</p>

      <p>But still, this is a test, so I have to do it.</p>

      <p>I had no idea what, if anything, could be measured by me doing this work that just involved wastefully breaking things, but I still kicked apart the remaining three golems.</p>

      <p>I only moved leisurely and listlessly, like kicking a stone on the side of the road, but even then the golems didn’t even manage to look like they were trying to dodge and broke disappointingly, without any form of resistance.</p>

      <p>Before, I was thinking of this as ‘my first battle in this body,’ but let me correct that now. I still haven’t ‘fought’ in this body at all.</p>

      <p>“T-too quick......too strong...... Y-you, just what......” The owner, in shock, shot me a look filled with fear.</p>

      <p>Oh no, looks like I made a mistake. It’s not good that I garnered this much attention to myself right now...... Oh well, it’s already done. Let’s take this as a lesson and be more careful next time.</p>

      <p>“Wait a second, Lufas, that was too much! Unlike two hundred years ago, power levels are a lot lower, so you’ll just scare people if you don’t hold back more!” Dina ran over and whispered her complaints into my ear.</p>

      <p>Actually, this is the first I’m hearing of levels being a lot lower than two hundred years ago.</p>

      <p>Wouldn’t that be something you tell me earlier, usually?</p>

      <p>“Ahh, sorry about that, Dina. It really does seem that We have lost some of our instincts in these two hundred years. We made a mistake on how much to hold back.”</p>

      <p>“Geez, be more careful next time.”</p>

      <p>I should have used only around 10% of my power, but apparently even that was too much. I guess I should settle it with a flick to the forehead next time for opponents like that. Ah, but I can’t move my arms right now, so that won’t work. ......I guess I just have to move as slow as I can and kick as lightly as possible.</p>

      <p>Still, it’s weird.</p>

      <p>It’s not like I see people moving that slowly normally. But it becomes like that the moment I start thinking of things as a battle. In other words, I’m smoothly transitioning between normal operation and battle mode, but is that really something I can do myself? Could it be......I’m being helped by Lufas’ instincts?</p>

      <p>“So, how is it, owner? I think her abilities are more than enough.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, yeah......you’re right. You’ll be able to take on any job without a problem. Jobs are posted up in the bar so just take what you like.”</p>

      <p>Now that we’d gotten permission from the owner, Dina and I went back inside. And we took a look at the jobs that were posted on the wall, but none of them really stood out to me. To put it bluntly, I didn’t feel like doing too many of these jobs. I wanted one where I could make a lot of money in a single go.</p>

      <p>I wanted to hurry up and get to Svel.</p>

      <p>The best one would be an escort request from here to Svel or something similar. That way we could get to Svel while actually earning money.</p>

      <p>I could just fly there by myself, but if I did that I’d leave Dina behind. But with a carriage, even she could be easily carted around.</p>

      <p>......or that’s what I thought.</p>

      <p>“There’s nothing good.”</p>

      <p>“Nothing.”</p>

      <p>There were escort jobs on carriages, but they all went to Laevateinn. Far from going to Svel, it was in the opposite direction.</p>

      <p>Unfortunately, there weren’t any jobs like what I was hoping for.</p>

      <p>“Ah, Miss Lufas. What about this one?”</p>

      <p>“Hm?” Dina was holding a piece of paper, so I looked at it.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Request: Finding a cat</b>】</p>

      <p>【Difficulty】: ☆☆</p>

      <p>【Reward】: 100 el per found cat</p>

      <p>【The twelve cats that we were keeping disappeared. Please find them!】 <br/><br/></p>

      <p>“It’s 1200 el just for finding twelve cats! It’s a steal!”</p>

      <p>“Ahh, yeah, it certainly is a good deal...” 1200 el for being decent at finding cats......it was true that that was a good deal.</p>

      <p>El was the name of the currency in this world, and, translated to Japanese yen, a single el would be 200 yen. In other words, completing this would net us 240,000 yen.</p>

      <p>They must either really love cats or be nobles with the money to spare. Either way, I’m jealous of how much they have to spend.</p>

      <p>In addition, although I said that one el was the equivalent of 200 yen, that was just in-game fluff. In actuality, it was very much the opposite.</p>

      <p>This was completely natural, as comparing game money to real money would obviously result in real money winning. Between an item a player paid 10,000 el for and one that cost 500 yen, the latter would always be clearly stronger.</p>

      <p>The world is a tough place.</p>

      <p>“Let’s not. We are not good at searching for things. That is the realm of beastmen.”</p>

      <p>“Th-then how about this one?”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Request: Orc Slaying</b>】</p>

      <p>【Difficulty】: ☆☆☆☆</p>

      <p>【Reward】: 1500 el</p>

      <p>【An orc nest was built near our village, and they’re causing problems, doing as they please. Please help us.】<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Oh? This one is pretty nice. Strange that no one has taken it yet.” My voice filled with excitement, seeing the request that Dina had brought me.</p>

      <p>Even if it wasn’t a job, I’d want to hunt orcs. After all, these orcs have a high 3% chance of dropping the HP boosting item “orc meat.”</p>

      <p>Orcs—better known as pork bowls.</p>

      <p>In the game, to players, they existed only to be eaten. They were literally pork.</p>

      <p>Especially for those of us with maxed out levels, they were a safe and easy way of getting HP-up items, and we’d hunt orcs basically every day. It was just daily routine to destroy whole nests. There would even be people camped out by orc spawn points just waiting patiently for more to respawn.</p>

      <p>Because of that, in the game, orcs became a rare monster that was almost never seen in the wild. Any orcs that managed to take even a step out of their respawn points could already be considered heroes to their race.</p>

      <p>Of course, there’d be no way they’d ever be able to attack a human village. They weren’t even allowed to group up; they’d be slaughtered and eaten as soon as they spawned.</p>

      <p>Orcs were a monster that was so worth killing it was actually kind of sad.</p>

      <p>For orcs to be gathered into a whole herd and attack humans...... This request is actually almost moving.</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s because there’s no merit to it.”</p>

      <p>“What? Orc hunting by itself should be a merit, no?”</p>

      <p>“Well, that would be the case for you, but in this age, that’s not true. After all, even a single orc is as strong as an average veteran warrior, so having to exterminate a whole nest would be difficult and require an entire knight brigade. And even then, there’d probably be a lot of casualties. And after taking on all that, you only get 1500 el? No one would take it.”</p>

      <p>“Times really do change, huh? ......Back then, rather than complaining about 1500 el, there’d be floods of people that would pay 15,000 to even be able to take the job.” I sighed in disappointment, exasperated at the difference to the game.</p>

      <p>To me, hunting orcs was nothing but merit. Rather than taking money for it, I was even thinking I’d pay to be able to do it. And since I’d be getting paid on top of getting to hunt, it was as if I not only got the right to eat as much amazing steak as I wanted but was told, “If you eat steak, I’ll give you 30,000 yen.”</p>

      <p>The deal was so good I could only assume that something was up.</p>

      <p>“So this means......it is all right to completely destroy this orc nest?”</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>“Right. Let us take this one. There is no way We can let this opportunity go. We can earn both money and food before going on our journey.”</p>

      <p>“Yaayyy, so it’s back to the ice ages for orcs, huh? I probably shouldn’t be saying this since I brought you the posting myself, but I feel sorry for the orcs.”</p>

      <p>I can get paid, get a lot of meat, and even raise my HP. If I let this go, I’m a failure of a max level player.</p>

      <p>Without a second thought, I took the paper to the owner and told him I’d be taking the job before leaving the inn.</p>

      <p>“Oh, yes, Dina.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, what is it?”</p>

      <p>The village which was supposedly near the orcs’ nest was about half a day away from Ydalir by foot.</p>

      <p>On the way there, I started asking Dina questions to kill time.</p>

      <p>This world had several inconsistencies with my knowledge of it. As one might expect, two hundred years was not a small amount of time, and made a lot of difference.</p>

      <p>“Earlier, you said that power levels now are much lower than two hundred years ago. Tell us exactly how much in a way that’s easy to understand.”</p>

      <p>Two hundred years ago......back when this was the world of the game, I was the strongest player. I was at the top of combined stat rankings, and I was confident I wouldn’t lose easily to anybody.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t like I was far and away ahead of everyone else, though. In fact, players like me were everywhere.</p>

      <p>If I remember right, the total number of players was around eight million...... Out of that number, about 20% of players were at max level, and being max level was the lowest requirement to be considered a high ranking player. Of course, getting to level 1000 took quite a lot of work, but still, it was something you’d eventually get to by hunting every day. Just being level 1000 wasn’t enough to be considered a high ranking player.</p>

      <p>What was truly difficult and important came after that, when you were tested on just how efficiently you could get stat-raising items to get stronger now that your level wasn’t going anywhere. Doing just that and raising your stats stupidly high once you were max level was how players started to get famous as a high level player.</p>

      <p>I figured...... <em>Isn’t it just that people in this world basically don’t use stat raising items at all anymore? </em>In other words, they stop growing once they reach max level, and that was the peak.</p>

      <p>Isn’t that why power levels went down?</p>

      <p>Flying in the face of that, the response Dina gave me greatly undermined my expectations.</p>

      <p>“Uhh, let’s see...... The country that summoned you, Laevateinn, is renowned as the ‘country of swords’ but...... They have a person known as the ‘Sword Saint’ there, someone named Friedrich, who’s put on a pedestal as the best swordsman in the world. I believe he’s level 120.”</p>

      <p>“............120?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, 120.”</p>

      <p>I doubted my own hearing.</p>

      <p><em>Wait just a second, 120?</em></p>

      <p><em>The world’s strongest swordsman is level 120?! That’s way too low!</em></p>

      <p>What a guy, to call himself a Sword Saint.</p>

      <p>There were a lot of beginner players in the game that got full of themselves and gave themselves a nickname or title when they passed level 100, but I always just thought of them as <em>those</em> kinds of people. At the very least, get to 1000 before giving yourselves a name like that or else you’ll humiliate yourself.</p>

      <p>“That’s a joke, right? There is a limit to how low your level can be.”</p>

      <p>“Excuse me, Miss Lufas. But the real joke was how unreal people in that age were. Please think about it; you only have one life. Normally, there wouldn’t be very many monstrously strong people who’d be able to safely get to level 1000 without losing their lives. Even more so, people fought tooth and nail every single day until they got there; they were doing preposterous things like training endlessly without rest...... That era back then was bizarre in and of itself, with how many hero-level people like that were wandering around.”</p>

      <p>Hearing Dina’s reasoning, I was once again made to realize that my perceptions were off.</p>

      <p>I see, so that’s how it is.</p>

      <p>It was true that level 1000 was something you could only reach because it was a game. Even if your character died they just came back, and the player wasn’t hurt at all.</p>

      <p>Getting there was something that was only possible because of that...... For example, if there was a rule that said, ‘If you die, you’ll never be able to log in as the same character again,’ almost no players would get to maxing out their levels.</p>

      <p>Every day, without fail, spend the entire day in a fight to the death with monsters, and continue that for over a year without dying. Just how many people would be able to pull that off in real life?</p>

      <p>If they could, they’d be lunatics. No doubt, they wouldn’t be normal.</p>

      <p>In other words, thinking normally, even level 120 was an amazing feat. The person would be a superhuman that deserved a title.</p>

      <p>I was the one that was mistaken.</p>

      <p>“We see...... Truly, this is quite different from what We know.”</p>

      <p>In this world, I was a lunatic and a monster. I felt like that reality was thrust in front of me, and I started feeling a little empty inside.</p>

      <p>Aisle village.</p>

      <p>It was a small village half a day away from the Trade City Ydalir by foot, and there was nothing special about it. In Dina’s words, ‘it’s a simple village where people live modestly.’</p>

      <p>After leaving a patch of woods that actually wasn’t all that large, there was a small, calm village that had none of the flash of a city. <em>I see. </em>There were several small, wooden houses lined up with fields in front of them.</p>

      <p>Yep, I don’t hate this atmosphere.</p>

      <p>“The house that’s indicated in the job form is...... Ah, that large one over there.” Dina pointed at a conspicuously large house while looking at the piece of paper in her hand.</p>

      <p>Even though I say big, it’s not actually that large compared to anything in a city. It’s just big for this village.</p>

      <p>It was most likely the house of the village chief, and when we got to the house, Dina knocked lightly on the door.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me! We saw your request and accepted it! Is the village chief there?”</p>

      <p>Dina said to leave all the negotiations and planning with the client to her, so, for now, I was just luggage. She said that my manner of speaking really stands out, no matter what.</p>

      <p>Yeah, I knew that, too, but for some reason, there was nothing I could do about it. It was as if this was how I’d been talking for many years. That was how naturally it came out.</p>

      <p>“Ohh! I’ve been waiting so long! Here, here, come on in.” The one who came to the door was a kind-looking, white-haired old man.</p>

      <p>Seeing me, he looked doubtful for a moment, but even so, he must have had his back to the wall, since he didn’t say anything about it and invited us in.</p>

      <p>The inside was obviously in disrepair in some places, and I could see some traces of hasty repairs and reinforcement. The floor creaked loudly; it was like the state of the floor was a direct representation of how the village was doing as a whole.</p>

      <p>“Please, take a seat.”</p>

      <p>I was shown a seat, so I sat down on a really unreliable wooden chair. I was worried that it would break at any moment, but it was holding up for now, somehow. If I were a beastkin or something it’d be over, though. Definitely.</p>

      <p>“Now then, let’s get into it quickly. The request is to exterminate a nest of orcs near the village. That’s correct?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Even if you don’t kill them all, I’ll still pay you if you manage to drive them off. At any rate, if things stay like this we’ll just get eaten by them and...... The young women will be taken, the men will be killed, and even the children’ll be killed, half for fun...... Almost all of our crops have been stolen. We’re at our limit here. Please, punish those damn pigs for us!”</p>

      <p>“Of course!”</p>

      <p>While listening to Dina and the village chief talk, I was actually impressed by just how refreshingly awful orcs were.</p>

      <p>Orcs were, just like the setting in the game, and everywhere else, a race that did awful things almost instinctively, it seemed. I wanted to tell them all that that was exactly why they weren’t included in the seven main races of humanity and were instead treated as monsters. Even vampires were treated as, basically, people, but when it came to those pigs......</p>

      <p>Anyway, since my opponent’s not nice at all, it’s actually going to be much easier to do this, personally. I’m thankful. At the very least, crushing all the orcs won’t hurt my conscience any.</p>

      <p>“Leave it to us. We’ll crush those orcs, nest and all. You’ll see! At least, this person will!” Dina pointed to me with a smug face.</p>

      <p>She was saying brave things, but in the end, she’s just leaving it all to someone else. Well, actually, fighting is my job, though, so I’ll just shut up and nod.</p>

      <p>The village chief was making a face like he wanted to ask if I could actually do it, but there should be no complaints as long as I complete the job.</p>

      <p>“P-please. Please save our village,” the village chief said before bowing deeply.</p>

      <p>After being begged like that, there’s no way we could refuse. We didn’t have any intention to do so in the first place, but now, I’m even more motivated.</p>

      <p>After Dina and I promised to crush the orcs, we left.</p>

      <p>“Now what? Should we just go in swinging?”</p>

      <p>“That’s a fine idea, too, but first, we must prepare. We cannot be sure that orcs will not attack this place while we are gone.”</p>

      <p>Most likely, crushing the nest won’t be a problem. In the end, the difference in our stats is just too much. No matter how much I let my guard down as I fight, there’s most likely no way for me to lose.</p>

      <p>Still, if the orcs come this way while we’re busy getting to the nest, it’s still our loss if the village chief gets killed in the meantime. If the employer dies, there’s no way for us to get paid.</p>

      <p>“So, We are going to make a guardian.”</p>

      <p>“A guardian?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, a simple golem. It won’t be very strong, but it should be more than enough to stop orcs,” I explained to Dina before using a random rock I found to create a stone golem with my Alchemist skills.</p>

      <p>A golem’s strength depended on the creator’s class level, the formula being: [character’s overall level/2 + class level] with any fractions being ignored.</p>

      <p>For example, if a character’s overall level was 20 and their class level was 5, then the golem’s level would be [20/2 + 5], which comes out as level 15. And if their class level was 20, then the golem’s level would be 30 and stronger than the creator.</p>

      <p>In other words, low level players could make golems up to 15 times their level. It could be said that golems were an Alchemist’s main strength during the early game.</p>

      <p>However, even though class levels were limited to 100, overall level could get to 1000. Meaning that the higher leveled you got, the less useful golems became.</p>

      <p>In short, if I were to make a golem, it would be, at best, level 600, given the formula: [1000/2 + 100]. On top of that, the materials are also a factor that sets the golem’s maximum attainable level. With good materials, I can achieve a level 600 golem, but unfortunately, with just a random rock, I’d be lucky to see level 100...... Honestly, it’s not something that’d be useful to me.</p>

      <p>But still, as a guardian for this village, it’ll probably be fine.</p>

      <p>“No no, it’s more than fine. A level 100 golem is worth I don’t know how many millions of el right now, you know?!”</p>

      <p>“That price, for something We just made out of a random rock......”</p>

      <p>For now, I set it as a guardian. Before leaving, I gave it a simple order, that being to render any orcs that come near the village immobile without question.</p>

      <p>We went straight for the orc nest.</p>

      <p>The aim? Orc meat that raises HP.</p>

      <p>We walked to where the orc nest was indicated on the map, trampling wild grass flat beneath our feet.</p>

      <p>I understood where they were immediately. It was indicated on the map, but more than anything, they weren’t hiding at all.</p>

      <p>There were two orcs boldly talking in front of a cave. They seemed to be guards of a sort, but honestly, their wariness level was a straight 0. They were acting boldly, as if they didn’t expect to be harmed in any way. Not even a little.</p>

      <p>“There they are. Agh, they’re so ugly every time I see them...... I bet even the goddess Alovenus regrets these failures.”</p>

      <p>“You have quite the poisonous tongue, don’t you? Apparently, she’s a goddess that loves everything equally, according to the clergy, anyway.”</p>

      <p>“That’s just a lie. They’re pushing their delusions onto her. There’s no doubt, even the goddess has her favorites.”</p>

      <p>While listening to Dina criticizing orcs, I thought about how I was going to kill them all.</p>

      <p>1: Go straight in and kick them to death.</p>

      <p>Honestly, there’s no need to be afraid of them at all. Even if I went straight in without trying to hide, I could probably win easily. But I don’t know how many orcs I might let escape if I do things like this.</p>

      <p>2: Use my skills as an Alchemist to crush the nest itself.</p>

      <p>I think this is the safest route. I can’t use any attack magic, but with Alchemist skills, large-scale attacks aren’t impossible. But doing it like this destroys the nest, so I don’t know how many pieces of orc meat’ll get buried in the rubble, never to be found.</p>

      <p>3: Use my skills to their limits to assassinate everyone before they even get a chance to scream.</p>

      <p>Doing things this way, I won’t have to worry about anyone running away, and there’s no chance of not being able to get all the orc meat that drops. I’m not sure how this would look, a Great Conqueror going this far against just orcs, but the meat comes first.</p>

      <p>I don’t know how many of them are in there, but given the drop rates, if there’re at least fifty I should get at least one or two pieces. And if there’re about one hundred, I should be able to get three. Orc meat raises HP between 100-300 per piece at random, so at the very least, I’ll get 300 HP with three pieces.</p>

      <p>......Kinda eh? Not at all. Repeating this several times definitely stacks up.</p>

      <p>“Now then, let’s get this over with quickly.”</p>

      <p>“Go for it, Miss Lufas!”</p>

      <p>I started creating some items using my Alchemist skills. The material was the dirt itself, and the end product was swords.</p>

      <p>For now, I went with a light thirty swords, and I used the Esper skill “Psycho Throw” to make them float.</p>

      <p>To be honest, I was far better at close combat, and out of my maxed out classes, four of them were specialized for close combat. No, Striders are pretty heavy on close combat, too, so I guess five?</p>

      <p>On the other hand, since I couldn’t use attack magic, I ended up being not that great at long-distance fights. I didn’t even take the Archer class, and I’ve only gone halfway through the Esper class, with it being level 50.</p>

      <p>But still, comboed with the Alchemist class, I could hold my own, somewhat.</p>

      <p>The Alchemist’s item creation skill, just like it said, was able to make items out of materials that were either on hand or just happened to be around. The range of creatable items was wide, from healing items to equipment, and, depending on how materials are used or combined, you could make an almost infinite number of different kinds of equipment.</p>

      <p>This time, I just created normal broadswords, but my class level was 100, so if I wanted to, I couldn’t make a legendary weapon, but I <em>could</em> make something close in ability.</p>

      <p>And Espers were just what it implied, a psychic powers class. Espers could bind people or move things around without having to get near them. “Psycho Throw” was the biggest example of that, and it allowed me to launch my items at enemies.</p>

      <p>I believe there was a nationally famous RPG in the past with skills like “Throw Item” or “Throw Zenny;” just think of it as something like that.</p>

      <p>This skill worked really well comboed with the Alchemist class, and it allowed you to kind of feel like a last boss yourself when you started shooting countless swords at your enemies with your arms crossed.</p>

      <p>All thirty swords flew at the orcs on watch, and they pierced through their heads, chopped through their necks, ran their hearts through, and cut off their arms and legs. They were filled with swords in an instant, and the orcs, which now looked like hedgehogs, didn’t even twitch.</p>

      <p>I walked out of the bushes and extracted the swords with my psychokinesis before starting to take the orcs apart.</p>

      <p>......Huh? Could it be this isn’t a 3% drop chance, but instead something I could just get if I butchered them?</p>

      <p>“Ahh...... That’s no good, Miss Lufas. You ruined the fillet. The orc’s fillet—or the softest part inside it—is the part that increases your vitality, but if you damage it even a little while it’s alive, it loses its effect.”</p>

      <p>“Hm? Really?”</p>

      <p>“Of course. Although, orcs already fight a lot, so a lot of times their fillets are already damaged. It’s said that the chances of the fillet still being undamaged, as well as leaving it that way when fighting, is about 3%. ......Did you forget about all that while you were sealed?”</p>

      <p>After hearing Dina’s explanation, I was impressed.</p>

      <p>I see, that’s why it’s 3%. So, the drop rates in the game that I didn’t really pay any attention to had this sort of reasoning behind them. That’s pretty interesting. And now that I know this, that means that if I do well in defeating it I can raise the chances of getting them depending on my skill.</p>

      <p>“That’s very useful. We shall be more careful from now on.”</p>

      <p>I did something wasteful just now. Turning them into hedgehogs like this, there was no way there’d be any part of them left to salvage. Of course, the fillet wasn’t an exception. Unfortunately, while it seemed these orcs could still be food, they wouldn’t be raising my HP.</p>

      <p>“Also, orcs are very hardy, so I don’t recommend hitting their bodies in the first place. Aim for their neck or head, Miss Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. You’re quite knowledgeable, Dina.”</p>

      <p>A single orc came out of the cave, saying, “It’s time to change watch,” so I used a single sword to quickly lop off its head.</p>

      <p>Dina clapped lightly in response, saying, “Well done.”</p>

      <p>I once again butchered the new orc, and this time, I found a nice and pretty undamaged fillet.</p>

      <p>“Look, Dina. This time, We got one.”</p>

      <p>“As expected! Good job!”</p>

      <p>If it was just ‘me,’ I definitely wouldn’t have been able to look at an R-18 butchering scene directly or even kill another living thing. It’s probably not right to just be thankful for my situation when it’s convenient like this, but right now, I’m glad I have Lufas’ senses.</p>

      <p>Now then, there’s still a mountain of orcs around. For the job, let’s make sure none of them get away.</p>

      <p>“Wha—? Who the hell’re—...... Guaahh!”</p>

      <p>“I-Intru—...... Grraaaggh!”</p>

      <p>“Someone sent from that vi—...... Gyaagghh!”</p>

      <p>“Heh, good job making it this far! I am the strongest of the orcs’ Four Heavenly Kings...... Nnwhaaaggh!”</p>

      <p>“W-wait! Please, spare m—...... Hhgyaaahhhh!”</p>

      <p>I suppose it should’ve been called a massacre. Corpses of orcs trailed behind me everywhere I walked, and orcs that were about to be corpses were arrayed in front of me.</p>

      <p>Thinking this would be a good chance to do it, I was going to try out a bunch of skills, but doing it here wouldn’t tell me anything. I mean, no matter what skill I used, they all died instantly anyway. Like this, I wouldn’t be able to tell just how powerful each skill was.</p>

      <p>“Dina, how is it over there?”</p>

      <p>“This one is......no good. It’s a miss.”</p>

      <p>After extracting each orc’s fillet and checking it to see if it was good, I was taking any usable fillets and keeping them in my bag. Anything else was being unexpectedly cleaned up by Dina.</p>

      <p>Apparently, she could use teleportation magic, and she was moving all the orcs to the tower, since we couldn’t very well carry them.</p>

      <p>Dina said, “Once this is over, I’ll go back to the tower for a bit and make them into examp—......I mean, dried meat.”</p>

      <p>So apparently, that’s how it is. Man, I’m so lucky to have an actual, useful advisor.</p>

      <p>Anyway, there was a little too much of it, even if it was made into dried meat, so apparently, most of it would be sold in markets after being processed. I’d leave all of that to her.</p>

      <p>“This is the deepest part, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p>I kicked open the door and went in.</p>

      <p>The orc near the entrance got up, surprised, but I just stabbed him through the head with a sword I created before moving on, stabbing through the different-colored orc that was panicking and trying to run away further in.</p>

      <p>The only ones that dropped orc meat were regular orcs. So that meant I didn’t have to care about the different-colored one, the orc lord. Countless swords stabbed through him, and he died without even being able to scream.</p>

      <p>“So, that’s all of them, right?”</p>

      <p>“Most likely.”</p>

      <p>After hearing Dina’s reply, I breathed a small sigh of relief. That meant the job was finished......</p>

      <p>I killed quite a lot, but as always, I’m not bothered at all. It’s as if this is just an extension of my daily life; that’s how calm I am. Even if I manage to go back—if I can go back, that is—I don’t know how I’ll be if I stay like this. Not thinking anything of killing, that’s way too scary a thing in modern Japan.</p>

      <p>“Uhhh, the girls who were taken...... Oh, there they are.” Dina looked around and found a cage.</p>

      <p>No, is that really a cage?</p>

      <p>It was true that they were in something made so they couldn’t run away. That was for certain. But there was furniture, they were properly wearing clothes, and there were even gems and flowers and stuff in the cage.</p>

      <p>The women were all sleeping with faces clinched tight in fear, but at the very least, it didn’t seem like anything had happened to them yet. Actually, it looked like they were being properly cared for.</p>

      <p>And that was to be expected. In truth, orcs weren’t violent towards women (and only women); they were a very kind creature in that respect.</p>

      <p>People thought that as soon as they kidnapped a woman off the streets, they’d immediately do them, but it was actually different in this world. Orcs would kidnap women. That much was certain and for a very compelling reason—to reproduce. Somehow, they always made males, no matter what they did. It was a sad flaw of their genes, so they had no other recourse but to mate with women of other races.</p>

      <p>And for that, they only went for human women. Since, out of all the races of humanity, human women were the only ones they could mate with.</p>

      <p>Elves? Orcs wouldn’t even give them the time of day. And?</p>

      <p>But it didn’t just end with orcs taking women and mating. They were, at their roots, barbaric beings that only knew violence since birth, so they couldn’t even raise children properly. That was why they needed the women they took to raise their children properly, and if they forcefully raped or even displeased the women, of course they wouldn’t bother with raising children.</p>

      <p>For orcs, that was a huge problem.</p>

      <p>That was why they always tried to make sure women were happy, no matter what. The women lived better than they did themselves; they were given a lot of food, and they even got offered a veritable mountain of gems and flowers and the like. It’s a lot of work, trying to keep women happy.</p>

      <p>On top of that, they wouldn’t even touch the women if they didn’t have consent, and they’d stake their lives on protecting them, too. Their motives were impure, but the pigs here were relatively gentlemanly.</p>

      <p>Still, to the people who were taken, that didn’t matter one bit. Even if those pig-faces treated them well, all they’d do was live in fear.</p>

      <p>It’s sad, but in the end, they just weren’t compatible with humans.</p>

      <p>“Okay, the women are fine. Let us go back to the village.”</p>

      <p>“I can erase their memories, too. Should I do that?”</p>

      <p>“Is that necessary?”</p>

      <p>“I do feel that it’s better for them not to remember getting kidnapped by pigs.”</p>

      <p>“Hm. How far can you go with it?”</p>

      <p>“If I feel like it, I can implant them with fake memories and personalities.”</p>

      <p>“......You just casually said something really scary there. Well, there’s no reason to go that far. It doesn’t seem like anything was done to them, either.”</p>

      <p>For now, it should be fine to leave the women as they were. It was most likely a scary experience for them, but in the end, they were fine. Still, I checked that nothing was done to them, just in case.</p>

      <p>Of course, I left that checking completely up to Dina.</p>

      <p>I won’t do anything. Right now, I’m certainly a woman, but spiritually, I’m a man, so to put it bluntly, I have no immunity to this stuff. Actually, ever since I became a woman, I stopped being interested in that kind of stuff. Even if I look at a woman, I don’t get those kinds of feelings, and as a former man, I feel that that’s kind of sad.</p>

      <p>......Even I’m a healthy enough man to have some porn stashed away behind a drawer.</p>

      <p>“Okay, I understand. Please wait a little.”</p>

      <p>“All right. Make it as fast as possible.”</p>

      <p>I left checking the women to Dina, while I started to explore the room. There should be some scant fortune or food to be had, which the orcs stole from the village. I should find as much as I can and return it to the village.</p>

      <p>Well, I do feel kind of sorry for the orcs, but I really shouldn’t let this one go. I mean, robbery is robbery. I do feel sorry for them, but that doesn’t excuse anything.</p>

      <p>After leaving the orc nest and making sure Dina and all the others were out as well, I unleashed one of my Alchemist skills at the nest itself. The cave was blameless in all this, but leaving it alone wasn’t a good idea. Other orcs might come, lured by the smell of orcs here, and if that happened, the first thing they’d do is go after the village again.</p>

      <p>So that that didn’t happen, I had to destroy the cave as cleanly as possible.</p>

      <p>“Create: Hrungnir’s Right Arm,” I declared, and at the same time, a huge arm of rock manifested above the cave.</p>

      <p>In size, it was a huge right arm that looked to be larger than 50m in length. Among all the Alchemist’s attack skills, this one was the most reliable in terms of physical attack power and range.</p>

      <p>It mercilessly struck at the orcs’ nest and crushed it flat. It made a huge boom and shook the earth, and even just the aftershocks of the action caused winds to blow.</p>

      <p>Even if there were orcs that managed to escape my notice and hide, they should be dead now.</p>

      <p>“Nice work, Miss Lufas. All the girls that were being held in the orc nest are safe.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, good job.”</p>

      <p>Dina, who returned via teleportation magic, stood behind me as I thanked her for her work.</p>

      <p>No, really, I can’t be thankful enough for her.</p>

      <p>I left all the work of dealing with the orcs, preserving their meat, selling them, and even checking up on the women to her. Even though it was a game and there was nothing to be done about it, I wondered just how the “Lufas” before I became her managed to treat Dina as background.</p>

      <p>She’s so capable it’s actually surprising.</p>

      <p>“Ahh, right. I tried grilling one of these; would you like to try it? You’ve moved around a lot, so I think you might be hungry.”</p>

      <p>“That is......”</p>

      <p>Dina revealed a plate from somewhere and showed it to me. On the plate was a steak that seemed almost grilled to perfection, and the smell alone stirred my appetite.</p>

      <p>“It’s a steak I made using orc meat. It’ll be delicious with rice.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed, We shall have it.” I agreed with no hesitation and sat down on a nearby stump.</p>

      <p>Now that I think about it, I still haven’t eaten anything ever since I was summoned here. So much has happened, so I almost forgot that it hasn’t even been one day since I came to this world.</p>

      <p>I snapped and formed a wooden table before having Dina place the plate in front of me.</p>

      <p>“Oh yes, does it keep its effect even if you cook it?”</p>

      <p>“That’s fine, yes. You must only avoid damaging it while the orc is still alive. It seems that the orc’s fillet, or the softest and best part of its flesh, works to gather its vitality, but if it’s damaged while the orc is alive, it loses its effect and releases all the stored vitality into the rest of the orc. But, if the orc is dead, all the vitality stays inside the fillet.”</p>

      <p>“What kind of mystery being are they...?”</p>

      <p>While Dina was talking, I created a wooden fork and knife before cutting into the steak. It was surprising how soft the meat was when I touched it with the knife. It only raised my expectations before I even got to eat it.</p>

      <p>Then, after a bite— Saying that the meat melts in your mouth is an old and clichéd expression, but now, I see; it’s so soft that’s the only way to describe it.</p>

      <p>The meat’s umami was overwhelming, and I was rendered unable to speak. The salty-sweet sauce on the steak was absolutely irresistible as well. It wonderfully brought out the tastiness of the meat.</p>

      <p>Unable to take it anymore, I scooped up the rice with a spoon and put it in my mouth, and it was actually fun how well the rice paired with the meat. The strong flavor of the meat mixed in with the rice changed the flavor, and they both heightened the other to new levels.</p>

      <p>“Is this sauce homemade?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Did it not suit your tastes?”</p>

      <p>“No, well done.”</p>

      <p>I don’t think I’ll ever get tired of this meat. I prefer beef steaks, but really, you can’t just dismiss pork steaks either. Orcs look pretty awful, but if their meat is this good I feel like I can forgive that.</p>

      <p>“Dina, you’re not eating?”</p>

      <p>“No, I’m fine.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm...”</p>

      <p>Is she being considerate, since I’m here? Or maybe she just really hates orcs? Well, if she says it’s fine then I suppose I don’t really need to force it out of her. Everybody has one or two things they hate.</p>

      <p>I finished up the orc steak, and then checked my stats.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Lufas Maphaahl</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 1000</p>

      <p>【Race】: Heaven-Winged</p>

      <p>【HP】: 335000 → 335300</p>

      <p>【SP】: 44300</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 9200</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 8750</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 10300</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 8300</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 10778</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 9550</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 9280<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Great, my HP actually went up.</p>

      <p>This time, I managed to get another four fillets by completing the job, so at the very least, my HP would go up by another 400.</p>

      <p>My HP was already higher than most players, but I still felt like it could go higher.</p>

      <p>Actually, since there’s no one else competing for orcs here, I can hunt them as much as I like, so if I’m lucky, I think I might be able to break 1 million HP. ......No, I guess that much is impossible. No matter how good it is, I don’t think I’d be able to stand eating that much orc meat. Also, if I actually went that far, even orcs would go extinct, probably. In fact, I’m impressed they haven’t done that already in these two hundred years.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the meal. It truly was good, Dina.”</p>

      <p>“I’m happy you enjoyed it.”</p>

      <p>After I finished the meal, Dina cleaned up the table and utensils before teleporting away. Then, after a few seconds, she came back without any of the luggage. She probably just left it somewhere in the tower.</p>

      <p>......I wish I had teleportation magic. I can’t use magic at all, so I just get really jealous of that stuff.</p>

      <p>“Now, let’s go back, Miss Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s.”</p>

      <p>Ushered on by Dina, I started moving.</p>

      <p>But going back in silence was just sad. I decided to ask Dina about that memory manipulation technique she talked about as a conversation starter.</p>

      <p>“By the way, about that memory manipulation talk from earlier: will it ever come undone once you apply it?”</p>

      <p>“My memory manipulation magic won’t stop working as long as nothing too unusual happens. However, once they’re formed, memories are really resilient...... It’s not unusual for memories to come back thanks to some small thing that happens.”</p>

      <p>“We see. Then, even if you were to erase those women’s memories, they might still remember that they were kidnapped by orcs if their memory was jogged by something?” I muttered, after hearing Dina’s explanation.</p>

      <p>It seemed that even if it was called memory manipulation, it wasn’t perfect. Most likely, it didn’t truly erase memories but instead sealed them deep down. That was why, if something caused them to regain their memories, the person could quickly go back to how they were before.</p>

      <p>“What a convenient, but hard to use, magic.”</p>

      <p>“Exactly.” Dina laughed, looking troubled.</p>

      <p>Memory manipulation, huh? ......Sounds like it’d be good for use in caring for people after traumatic experiences or for removing evidence. There might be a time when I’ll have to rely on that, eventually.</p>

      <p>While continuing our conversation, we carried the unconscious women back to the village. Well, I say carried, but since I couldn’t move my arms at the moment, I was just floating them along with my Esper powers.</p>

      <p>“Ohh, you’re back! And with the girls, too! So, they were all right!”</p>

      <p>When we got back to the village, I spotted the chief running towards us happily. I placed the women down in front of him and took a step back.</p>

      <p>As always, I left all the conversation to Dina.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Apparently, the orcs haven’t laid a hand on them yet.”</p>

      <p>“Ohh, that’s great to hear. There’s nothing that makes me happier than hearing that our girls are safe.”</p>

      <p>Dina told him about the condition of the girls before handing them over. During the few days while they were kidnapped, they just ended up being endlessly wooed by the orcs. But their faces were twisted in fear, and it didn’t seem like any of the orcs managed to capture their hearts.</p>

      <p>In the end, this game is all about faces, you orcs. You all’ve been given an insurmountable handicap from the moment you were born. No matter how gentlemanly you are or how gallantly you act, you’ll never win against some hot guy that’s just standing there.</p>

      <p>The world is filled with unfairness like that.</p>

      <p>“Well then, here is your 1500 el and our thanks.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, this looks right.”</p>

      <p>“Also......uhm, what is that golem that’s been standing there like it’s protecting the village? It somehow looks incredibly powerful, even to these amateurish eyes...”</p>

      <p>“That’s just my master’s kindness. Don’t worry about it, and let it protect your village.”</p>

      <p>While listening to them talk, I started thinking.</p>

      <p>With this, we’ve managed to secure funds and food for a while. I felt like the things I needed to think about myself have increased as well, but that was only natural on someone’s first day.</p>

      <p>For now, let’s just rest for today and set out tomorrow.</p>

      <p>Today was really long.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>If the times change, so do games.</p>

      <p>Ever since <em>Space Invaders</em> came out in 1978, games have endlessly evolved to fit in with the times and their needs.</p>

      <p>Two years later, the first portable game was released in Game&amp;Watch, and a scant three years after that, the NES appeared. Another seven years, and it was time for the SNES. The PlayStation came out four years after that, and from then on, every time gaming advanced a generation, there’d be a new set of consoles.</p>

      <p>And what surprised players every time was the progression of graphics. From the 8-bit NES to the 16-bit SNES. And once we entered the age of PlayStation, CG started to throw its weight around. Every time we went into a new generation, the CG lost its awkward movements and looks, and started to look much more natural and real.</p>

      <p>Once, a nationally famous game company released their first game for the PS2; the kids back then must have been really surprised, like, “Oh man, look how real the CG looks!”</p>

      <p>By the way, kids nowadays’ll look at the same game and say, “Wow, this CG does not hold up.” That’s just how far CG has come and how discerning people’s eyes are now.</p>

      <p>But still, the evolution didn’t stop.</p>

      <p>Graphics and games got better every generation, becoming closer to the real thing. Fictional worlds that could be mistaken for real pictures on the screen, and in that world, fictional people moved about, looking so real people might think that they used real models for it. It hasn’t been realized yet, but the VRMMOs that are the subject of so many novels might actually come to life one day.</p>

      <p>But that was just the stuff of dreams right now. Doing something like moving all your senses into a game was still far too dangerous to do. It might actually happen someday. But that someday was, in fact, ‘some day,’ which means not now.</p>

      <p>—So why is it that I’m currently the character I made in a game world, being shaken around on top of a carriage? If I knew this would happen, I would have made a dude.</p>

      <p>“We can see it now, Miss Lufas. It’s the next city!”</p>

      <p>“Yes, We see it, too. Don’t make such a fuss.” Dina, who was sitting in the next seat, shook me, making the already bad shaking of the carriage even worse.</p>

      <p>The money I earned from killing orcs and the money Dina got from selling their meat somewhere came to 5500 el in total, so we were currently on a carriage traveling to the country of Svel.</p>

      <p>Of course, Dina didn’t sell any of the best meat that raises HP, but just the other parts. (Well, it does seem that she also sold the fillets that had been damaged and lost their effect.) I did wonder just where she sold all that meat, but she does have the ability to teleport. It wouldn’t be surprising, no matter where she sold it.</p>

      <p>Being able to move around so easily is enviable.</p>

      <p>Moreover, it seemed like she was unable to teleport other people along with her. Apparently, in order to teleport someone else with a will, you had to either render them unconscious or have them agree to the teleportation. According to her, as long as there was some sort of sense of rejection or distrust in the target’s heart towards the user, the magic wouldn’t work.</p>

      <p>Ahh, oh right.</p>

      <p>As for my HP, I ate the other pieces of orc fillet, and now my HP is at 336100.</p>

      <p>It’s kind of an ugly number and it does bother me a little, but whatever. I can ignore it.</p>

      <p>“Thanks fer da patronaaage!”</p>

      <p>I paid the driver and got off the carriage. And we started walking towards the gates protecting the capital.</p>

      <p>There were several soldiers standing guard before the gates, and they seemed to be guarding the gate strictly.</p>

      <p>Oh yeah, this place was under attack from one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars right now. Sorry for causing so much trouble.</p>

      <p>“Stop there, you two!”</p>

      <p>Stopped by the guard, we waited for him.</p>

      <p>Yeah, of course we’d get stopped. I mean, I’m wearing a hood and mantle. No matter how you look at it, I’m suspicious.</p>

      <p>“Past this gate is the country of Svel. Show me your entry passes.”</p>

      <p>Entry......passes? Oh no, this is the first time I’m hearing of that.</p>

      <p>There wasn’t anything like that back in the game...... —No wait, there was. Back then, the game was all about armies and countries, so in order to get into other countries, you had to go through your own and gain permission from the other country’s king. Now that I thought of it, that probably was this entry pass thing.</p>

      <p>And right now, unfortunately, I had no such thing.</p>

      <p>But unlike me, who’d made no preparations, Dina responded calmly, taking out several papers from her person before handing them over.</p>

      <p>“Here. These are our entry passes. Please check them.”</p>

      <p>“All right.”</p>

      <p>What the heck is this super-competent advisor? She’s way too prepared!</p>

      <p>She even got mine ready, too. She even winked at me, as if to say, “Don’t worry about it.”</p>

      <p>“Hm, so you’re free merchants without any citizenship? Your names are Dina, and Sfalu. Looks like your papers are real.”</p>

      <p>“There’s been more people around forging papers recently, you know? Well, anyone who’d be tricked by those has pitch-black holes where their eyes should be. Hahahah!”</p>

      <p>Nice job having pitch-black holes.</p>

      <p>I don’t have any sort of ID of my own, so that’s without a doubt a forgery.</p>

      <p>Actually, isn’t my fake name way too simple? Sfalu......that’s straight up just a simple anagram of my name.</p>

      <p>“Hm, you may pass.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much.”</p>

      <p>Having gotten permission, Dina put on a full-faced smile. But as we tried to pass, once again, a voice stopped us.</p>

      <p>“Ah, wait a second. Just in case, you need to take off that mantle and show us your face. Sorry, but we need to make sure that you’re not a monster or a devil under there.”</p>

      <p>Ahh, yeah. Of course this’d happen.</p>

      <p>But, to be honest, I figured this would happen, so there’s not actually much reason to panic.</p>

      <p>It’s true that I was world-famous in a bad way, but people only remembered my black wings. This world didn’t even have pictures or anything, so nobody would remember my face if they didn’t have long life spans and weren’t alive back then.</p>

      <p>To put it simply, if Oda Nobunaga were to put on modern clothes and get a modern hairstyle, nobody would point at him while he’s walking through the streets and go, “That’s Oda Nobunaga!”</p>

      <p>And these guards didn’t have wings or fangs. Their ears weren’t even pointed; they were clearly human. That meant that I should’ve been able to at least show them my face.</p>

      <p>“Ahh, sorry about that. ......Here, is this fine?” I removed my hood and smiled at them.</p>

      <p>I’ll say this now; I’m no narcissist. But I was a guy before, so I’m aware of just how earth-shatteringly beautiful I am right now.</p>

      <p>The ones who know what guys like best are other guys. Like, just what kinds of movements, expressions, and attitudes make a guy’s heart race. I just know how to move to shake up a guy’s heart. It happens a lot in games, where guys who pretend to be girls online are more popular than real girls. This is why.</p>

      <p>There’s no reason not to use this weapon.</p>

      <p>“Forgive us, guard. If We don’t hide our face there will be no end of trouble in the streets.”</p>

      <p>“Y-yeah......that’s true.”</p>

      <p>“So? We want to go already, so may We pass now?”</p>

      <p>Personally, I wouldn’t want to make a bad impression on a beautiful girl. Even if I was to never meet her again, if someone like me were to say, “I don’t want to get near that guard, he stinks,” I’d get pretty depressed.</p>

      <p>Of course, there were differences between people, and, depending on the situation, he might even be a really brazen guy who’d say something like, “Come now, woman, don’t be cold like that.” But any healthy, upstanding man would have only one answer here.</p>

      <p>“O-of course! Please, go ahead!”</p>

      <p>Yep, as I expected.</p>

      <p>I once again donned my hood, and this time, we stepped over the border into the country.</p>

      <p>Right before us lay water, water, and more water.</p>

      <p>The lake that looked to be an entire ocean unto itself filled my vision, only broken by the single bridge that stretched from the gate all the way into the capital.</p>

      <p>This country didn’t exist back when I was playing the game.</p>

      <p>It’s a country without much history, since it’s only been two hundred years since it was founded, and the founder used to be one of the seven people who put Lufas......or in other words, me, up as the villain of the world and led the people to defeat me. He was the “Wise King,” Megrez.</p>

      <p>According to Dina, he was currently in hiding but still alive, and even now, he was living in these walls, it seemed.</p>

      <p>I thought while we walked.</p>

      <p>Megrez was there back when I was playing the game. We went hunting together, and we’d also partied like idiots. Even that battle wasn’t because we stopped being friends; it was just a story thing to liven up the game that we all acted out...... Basically, it was just a play. I just happened to have the evil boss role, and he just happened to side with the protagonist.</p>

      <p>Then we all had a great party and built up a story around it. ......Yeah, we did fight, but we were friends who shared joy playing the same game.</p>

      <p>But which one is the Megrez who’s living here now, in this world? Is he the same as I am? The player from another world? Or is he someone named Megrez who has nothing to do with <em>me</em> me? If that’s the case, just what happened to the past where we hunted together and talked and all that?</p>

      <p>“Sword King” Alioth.</p>

      <p>“Beast King” Dubhe.</p>

      <p>“Blacksmith King” Mizar.</p>

      <p>“Adventure King” Phecda.</p>

      <p>“Wise King” Megrez.</p>

      <p>“Sky King” Merak.</p>

      <p>And the “Vampire Princess” Benetnasch.</p>

      <p>My friends whom I once had fun with. The seven high ranking players who represented their races and livened up the game along with me.</p>

      <p>I need to meet them.</p>

      <p>Four of them have already died, it seems, but the three in the latter half are still alive.</p>

      <p>I need to know. Are there others experiencing strange circumstances like I am? ......Or am I alone?</p>

      <p>“......So this is the country that Megrez built...”</p>

      <p>I raised my head.</p>

      <p>If I were to use one phrase to describe the city that jumped into my sight, it would be ‘City of Water,’ I guess.</p>

      <p>This entrance gate seemed to have been the subject of someone’s desire for a magnum opus, and thanks to it being taller than everything else in the capital, it had a great vantage point over everything. Added to that, ever since I’ve been in this body my sight’s gotten a lot better, and right now, I could see clearly into all corners of this country.</p>

      <p>There was a castle in the center and a lake surrounding it. There were four bridges extending in cardinal directions from the castle to the main city. The city itself was also split into north, south, east, and west areas, with a bridge for each one. Rather than a man-made river in a city, it was more like a huge city, and bridges were built on top of an expanse of water by force. A total of five pieces of land, including the center, stood on top of clear water, with eight bridges connecting them. What an odd capital.</p>

      <p>......Ah, it’s nine bridges if you count the one for the entrance.</p>

      <p>The water glittered under the sunlight, and artificially planted trees and woods swayed in the wind.</p>

      <p>Also, once I started to concentrate closely on what I was seeing, I noticed that everywhere I looked was lit with a strange light. Was that......what’s referred to as raw magic power? Thick clouds of raw magic power suffusing the air were referred to as mana in the game.</p>

      <p>The light that was probably mana imposed its presence everywhere it reached, and the effect was overwhelming.</p>

      <p>As expected of the country of the Wise King. You’re showing off some pretty cool things there.</p>

      <p>“The great magic country, Svel. This country, which was founded by one of the Seven Heroes, the elven Wise King Megrez, is special for its extremely dense mana. They’ve poured their efforts into teaching magic and other academics, and aspiring scholars and mages from all over the world gather here. But due to their dislike of the dense mana, the heaven-winged almost never visit. ......Miss Lufas, are you feeling all right?”</p>

      <p>“There’s no problem. We don’t know about others, but to us, this is actually quite a new and fresh feeling. It’s nice,” I said to Dina as I looked around at the mana.</p>

      <p>At the moment, I wasn’t feeling any discomfort. I did remember that the game lore said that the heaven-winged hated mana, the power of demons, but right now, I didn’t feel anything of the sort.</p>

      <p>Or maybe the heaven-winged’s hatred of it was, unexpectedly, mostly emotional? If that’s the case, then I get why I’m fine, since I don’t really have any opinion on the stuff.</p>

      <p>“Now then, as for our plans from now on......where should we go first?”</p>

      <p>“Of course, we will be going to meet Megrez. We have a lot to ask him.”</p>

      <p>“Straight on, huh? But Megrez is most likely inside that castle. You couldn’t be planning to just barge in, could you?”</p>

      <p>I shook my head in response to Dina’s question.</p>

      <p>If I were to go boldly punching my way in like that when the monster I raised was raising hell, too, I’d just be adding to the chaos. No matter what I do, whether it’s sneaking in or waiting for him to leave the castle, it’d be better to avoid causing chaos as much as possible.</p>

      <p>Then, the first step should probably be some light information gathering, shouldn’t it?</p>

      <p>“No, We will be doing things peacefully. We don’t enjoy causing unnecessary fuss,” I told Dina before climbing down the stairs leading off the bridge, aiming to get to know the city first.</p>

      <p>Dina said that this place is popular for its academics. Then, I should be able to read more detailed books on history somewhere. I know far too little about the two hundred years that’ve passed. They’re a blank for me. First, I need to fill that hole in my knowledge. For that, this country could be called convenient for how useful it is.</p>

      <p>Let’s see......let’s find a library first.</p>

      <p>With that in mind, I talked to someone on the street.</p>

      <p>“The library? Is this you guys’ first time here? The library’s in the east area.”</p>

      <p>I talked to a muscly human man who looked both frank and sociable. He was bald, too, with fat eyebrows and sharp-looking eyes. There was a scar on his cheek and a sword at his hip. And his armor was full of nicks and scratches, while his posture screamed ‘Mercenary.’</p>

      <p>The reason I deemed him ‘frank and sociable,’ even with all that, was because of his charming and lively smile. It was bright enough to completely cancel out the effect of his looks. That’s how strong his expression was. He was just that kind of guy.</p>

      <p>“The east area...... Which means......”</p>

      <p>“This is the south area, so you need to cross the bridge on the right. The east area’s where all the bigwig scholars and passionate students gather. You could say it’s the center of this country. It’s got all the libraries, schools, and museums and stuff...... Well, basically, if you want to find out or study anything, you should probably go to the east area. That’s all you really need to remember.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>