<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_5">
    <div class="main">
      <p>I sat in an available space in the center and flipped through my selection of books.</p>

      <p>For now, let’s read up on what happened these past two hundred years and compare things.</p>

      <p>With that decided, I looked at and picked out one of the books I had. Let’s see......<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The goddess Alovenus. Presides over the elements of water and metal. She takes the form of a beautiful girl whose appearance suggests the sea with her blue eyes and hair, but there are also accounts that claim that she has golden hair like melted moonlight, so the truth is unknown. She’s recorded as a kind goddess that loves the world she created, but there are also accounts that suggest she despises certain unsightly beings—.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>......Ah, I made a mistake. This isn’t it. This isn’t the one I want right now.</p>

      <p>I set the book aside and opened the book I actually wanted to read.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>—Lufas Maphaahl.</p>

      <p>She was a heaven-winged that appeared suddenly two hundred years ago, and she unified the world in the blink of an eye.</p>

      <p>While possessing taboo wings of pitch black, she was more beautiful than anyone. Even the heaven-winged, who place heavy emphasis on wing color for beauty, had to admit this, according to Merak of the Seven Heroes.</p>

      <p>She was strong, just endlessly, relentlessly strong. People, monsters, and even devilfolk were just small fry to her. Even now, the reason she conquered the world is shrouded in mystery.</p>

      <p>However, according to the people who knew her......Lufas Maphaahl may have been an invader, but she wasn’t a tyrant. She used force to unite the world but did not rule through tyranny.</p>

      <p>Noblesse oblige. The higher class has an obligation to those lower than them. Being a ruler comes with responsibilities. According to an elf that knew her at the time, this was her favorite saying.</p>

      <p>Even if you invade using force, once they’re under your rule and are your citizens, you have a duty to protect them. You must take responsibility to protect their way of life, protect their futures, and turn the futures of their children as firm as bedrock.</p>

      <p>That was what she said.</p>

      <p>You might say, “Like an invader such as Lufas can talk.”</p>

      <p>Most likely, this was exactly what people who rebelled against her said at the time. However, it was also true that she never burdened her citizens more than was necessary. In fact, more than once or twice she’d deposed tyrants just like that who were making their people suffer, and as a result, saved the country.</p>

      <p>Lufas Maphaahl was no saint. However, was she really a villain, either? ......Now, two hundred years later, there are a lot of scholars who raise doubts about her rare breed of ‘villainy.’</p>

      <p>Why did she set out to conquer the world? That is unknown, even now.</p>

      <p>The only ones who would know, her Twelve Heavenly Stars, are now fearful enemies of humanity, and there is no hope of conversation with them. However, given that she never once acted the tyrant, it might be that she didn’t do so out of personal greed. The truth is unknown.</p>

      <p>The truth remains that we as humanity rejected her, brought her down, and escaped from her rule.</p>

      <p>However, the result of that wasn’t the dawn of humanity but only the happiness of the devilfolk. It wasn’t only humanity that thought of Lufas Maphaahl as a threat. Even the devilfolk truly feared her and were wary. They feared the great power of the Black-Winged Conqueror, the Twelve Stars that followed her, and the heroes that were gathered due to her power, and they waited.</p>

      <p>Once their greatest threat was removed, the devilfolk moved immediately.</p>

      <p>Humans, who lost Lufas, their ruler, and split into fractions, created a chance that the devilfolk didn’t miss as they went on the attack. In response, the Seven Heroes and other warriors of the time rose up against them. However, they no longer had the unity of when they were opposing Lufas, and that fight ended in our loss.</p>

      <p>Sixty percent of the world became the devilfolk’s territory, and humanity’s living space was compressed considerably. And now, humanity only counts 30% of the world as their territory.</p>

      <p>The Seven Heroes are now three, and it wouldn’t be surprising if those three are just barely keeping the world from crumbling around us. It’s only a temporary quiet, a peace on thin ice. It would no longer be surprising if our world were destroyed at any moment.</p>

      <p>And what’s more, we haven’t found a way to break out of this situation, either.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>—The world’s totally losing?!</p>

      <p>I finished reading, dumbfounded over just how badly the world was doing right now.</p>

      <p>No, I knew that the devil king was still around and that humanity was desperate enough to try to call a hero. But still, I was making light of the situation somewhere in my heart. I only thought of it like, ‘Well, if I leave them alone, the Hero’ll appear at some point and sort everything out, probably.’</p>

      <p>I mean, this country is really pretty, and at first glance, it’s the picture of peace. Normally, no one would assume the world was doing this badly. This is the first I’m hearing of humanity only living in 30% of the world.</p>

      <p>No, well, I did kind of suspect it. Like, it did come to mind that countries are pretty small and squeezed together and stuff. I mean, this country, Svel, is smaller than Hokkaido, too. Not only that, but this is a major country founded by one of the Seven Heroes, so I did faintly wonder just how small the world was.</p>

      <p>But in the game, entire countries were just out there on the map as icons. And even though they were countries, they were basically just large cities, which was a pretty common thing, so......I just didn’t pay it that much attention. I was just like, ‘I guess this is how things are.’</p>

      <p>Yep, I was naive. This world’s in danger.</p>

      <p>But now that I think about it, I guess this situation was inevitable. The devilfolk still have their devil king, as well as several of my Twelve Heavenly Stars. On the other hand, humanity lost me and the Twelve Heavenly Stars; and probably none of the high level fighters are around, either. All our levels in general are much lower, and four of the Seven Heroes are gone thanks to life spans.</p>

      <p>......Of course we’d be on the ropes. In fact, it’s nothing but a miracle that we’re still holding on.</p>

      <p>Man, I’m gonna have to hurry up and retrieve the Stars that went to the devilfolk’s side or things’ll be bad, won’t they? From what I heard, they turned traitor due to their anger at the heroes defeating me, so I should be able to convince them to come back if I talk to them...... Probably, definitely, most likely. I’m just barely able to be optimistic.</p>

      <p>This’d just be a fun event in a game, but this world is super serious right now, and things’re getting even worse......</p>

      <p>Even though I don’t care at all that I was defeated, the winners are all regretful. They’ve been driven far enough into a corner to be writing history books like this even...... It’s all just......</p>

      <p>......Like, just......</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>There existed a single castle.</p>

      <p>However, inside the castle it was crowded with monsters with no lord in sight. The throne was left empty, as if it was waiting for someone to return, and it was kept polished.</p>

      <p>Beside that castle, a giant sheep sat quietly. Its name was Aries.</p>

      <p>Aries was the monster that held the title of “Ram,” one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars that once served the Black-Winged Conqueror.</p>

      <p>—The sheep was dreaming. A nostalgic dream of the past.</p>

      <p>Aries was weak. He was born weak and lived only to be hunted. He was prey and designated so by fate. He was born like that.</p>

      <p>Aries was a rainbow sheep. A legendary monster said to be born only once every five hundred years who grew wool that shone with the colors of the rainbow. More precious than any endangered species, a rarity among rarities.</p>

      <p>Every strand of wool was equivalent to gold, and it couldn’t be beat as an alchemical agent. If woven into clothing it would turn into something heavenly that surpassed any armor and yet remained lighter than cotton, and it was the highest quality catalyst for magic and rituals. Just being able to bring down one head’s worth of wool would allow a person and their entire family to live a life of luxury for seven generations.</p>

      <p>Rainbow sheep were the definition of a living treasure.</p>

      <p>However, in other words, they were just a monster that had wool that glowed in rainbow colors. —No, not even a monster. Just a walking gemstone. Prey that only waited to be hunted.</p>

      <p>Rainbow sheep were without any weapons to protect themselves or even the legs to run away from enemies. They didn’t even have the means to deceive their surroundings. In fact, with the rainbow glow of their wool, they actually drew attention from their surroundings. From people, devilfolk, and even their fellow monsters.</p>

      <p>A rainbow sheep’s surroundings were filled with enemies. All living things were their natural enemies.</p>

      <p>That was Aries, a pitiful specimen of prey to be hunted.</p>

      <p>If the goddess Alovenus, who created this world, also intentionally created rainbow sheep, could there be any crueler punishment? Just what meaning did this creature have?</p>

      <p>All it could do was fear its enemies, hide, run, and eventually be reaped. Just what kind of meaning did such a life hold? Every day was a dance with death. Not even a moment existed where a rainbow sheep could truly rest.</p>

      <p>The rainbow sheep feared its eventual demise and continued to weep.</p>

      <p>—That was exactly why that meeting was a miracle to him.</p>

      <p>Long hair like fire, fluttering in the breeze. A pair of eyes that burned crimson. Looks that were perfection personified and pitch-black wings that symbolized god’s abandonment.</p>

      <p>Aries remembered that meeting even now. There was no way he could forget. Even if he were to be destroyed and his soul reincarnated several times over, he would never forget.</p>

      <p>His salvation, its origin, was all concentrated in that one moment.</p>

      <p>“Oh? A rainbow sheep? I’m in luck to find one here.”</p>

      <p>It was back when his great master was still immature and still referred to herself as “I” instead of “We.” However, she was already showing glimpses of her future as a ruler.</p>

      <p>Aries, who was running away from everything as usual, met her.</p>

      <p><em>—I’ll be eaten.</em></p>

      <p>The first thing Aries felt when he saw her was the overwhelming presence of a predator. He couldn’t run, and he couldn’t win. No matter what, he’d be killed and eaten. That was the future Aries saw.</p>

      <p>Compared to her as the Great Conqueror, Lufas at that moment was, of course, immature, but even so, to Aries she was an unmistakable disaster. She was already too strong for any modern swordsman to even lay a scratch on her.</p>

      <p>“What......? You’re trembling? You won’t fight back or even run...... You, do you wish to be killed without doing anything?”</p>

      <p>Lufas approached Aries, who neither ran nor put up any resistance.</p>

      <p>Aries was frustrated.</p>

      <p><em>Why am I so weak?</em></p>

      <p><em>Why am I so miserable?</em></p>

      <p>The weak had always been eaten by the strong. Unreasonably, the weak would end as simple food. Even now, Aries’ legs had given out, and he wasn’t able to run. He was only able to wait for death.</p>

      <p><em>This is too sad! ......It’s just...way too sad......</em></p>

      <p>“......Are you...crying?”</p>

      <p>Having been told so, Aries finally noticed the droplets staining his cheeks. He was crying. He pitied himself, scorned himself, and used his voice that wasn’t even a voice to scream out the world’s absurdity.</p>

      <p>But still, the predators never cared.</p>

      <p>However, she didn’t kill Aries. Instead, she asked the weakling with its head hung low:</p>

      <p>“What value do tears have? Is there some sort of self-satisfaction in lamenting how pitiful and unfortunate you are? How laughable—if you’re going to lament your fleeting body, then try striking back at your opponent even once. Instead of hanging your head, try lifting your face and glaring murderously. Instead of weeping, use that mouth of yours to bite into your enemy’s neck. Instead of grieving over what was taken, steal it back! At the very least, that’s how I’ve always lived. And how I’ll keep living.”</p>

      <p><em>What right do you have to say that?! </em>Aries thought.</p>

      <p><em>She gets to say that because she’s strong.</em></p>

      <p><em>She gets to say that because she has the strength to not be stolen from.</em></p>

      <p><em>What right does she have to say that? She can’t even understand my pain!</em></p>

      <p>“Now, what will you do? Will you just sit there and be killed by me? Will you try to escape or put up some sort of resistance? If you say that you’re a beast lower than some loser mongrel—then fine, I will kill you here and now.”</p>

      <p>Aries clenched his teeth.</p>

      <p>He thought, <em>I don’t want to be killed by someone like this.</em></p>

      <p><em>I don’t want to die while being made fun of by this person! </em>he thought.</p>

      <p>Betting his entire existence on not wanting to die like this, he roared from his heart, louder than ever before.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, that’s right! I don’t want to die!</em></p>

      <p><em>I don’t want to die miserably like this!</em></p>

      <p>Aries, who took back his previously forgotten thirst for life, made his first ‘attack’ ever. Baring his unreliable teeth, which couldn’t even be called fangs, Aries bit into Lufas’ arm! He was convinced. Surely, he would die right afterwards. He would be killed by this scary one with black wings, angry that she was wounded like this.</p>

      <p>However, that prediction never came true. Lufas made no move to attack Aries, who was biting into her arm. Then, in a voice that was strange in how kind it was, she said:</p>

      <p>“......That’s right. Be like that. So, you can do it if you try.”</p>

      <p>Aries unintentionally loosened his jaw.</p>

      <p>She was no longer— No, she didn’t have any desire to fight in the first place. Aries just got scared on his own and sensed hostility out of his own imagination. When he realized that, Aries released the girl’s arm from his jaws.</p>

      <p>“That’s the correct choice, sheep. If you’re living, roar and bite. No matter if you choose to run or fight, struggle with all your might. Don’t become fodder just waiting to be eaten.”</p>

      <p>That was when Aries finally realized. She was strong but also the same as him. The heaven-winged prized whiteness above all else. There was no way those black wings wouldn’t stand out. There was no way she wouldn’t be shouldering something unreasonable. Something like unwarranted prejudice or slander. She probably experienced mountains of that, or something similar.</p>

      <p>However, she didn’t feel ashamed; she didn’t pity herself. She struggled with all her might; she fought, and she was still here. She boldly laughed as someone strong and was standing right there.</p>

      <p><em>Ahh, I want to be like that, </em>Aries thought.</p>

      <p>Aries shed tears as he cried out, “I want to be like her!”</p>

      <p>She—his great master—responded:</p>

      <p>“Then come with me. I am still immature myself...... I don’t yet have the power to crush the unfairness of our world between my teeth. So then...... Then I’ll show you. I will become strong. I will turn into an even bigger tyrant than anyone else and dye this world in my rule.”</p>

      <p>—Become strong, Aries. Along with me.</p>

      <p>Aries grabbed the hand that was offered along with those words.</p>

      <p>That was the story of the meeting between Aries of the Twelve Heavenly Stars and the Black-Winged Conqueror. It was a precious memory that would never fade, no matter how much time passed.</p>

      <p><em>I won’t forget. I’ll never forget.</em></p>

      <p><em>No matter what happens, I will not forget.</em></p>

      <p><em>Not this memory.</em></p>

      <p>Aries would absolutely never forget his only savior.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>While reading, I thought of one thing. And that was a sense of doubt over Aries, who was currently attempting to invade this country, and how unlike him that was.</p>

      <p>Aries was a rainbow sheep......a harmless monster that enjoyed peace and hated fighting. So why was he attempting an invasion?</p>

      <p>No, I already know why. It’s because I......Lufas was defeated by the Seven Heroes.</p>

      <p>But was he really someone who could lead and take revenge like this?</p>

      <p>In the game, tamed monsters only followed around behind their Tamer and never spoke. That’s why players had no choice but to imagine things based off of the monster’s race and background or delude themselves into thinking one monster’s personality varied compared to another’s.</p>

      <p>I wonder......just what kind of personality does he have? I can’t know what kind of person he is just by looking from the other side of the screen. I should be his master, but I don’t know anything about him.</p>

      <p>Just when was it that I first met Aries, anyway?</p>

      <p>That was back when I still wasn’t max level...... Right, it should’ve been around when I’d maxed out my Warrior and Grappler levels and just started leveling Tamer. Around then, I was wondering what kind of monster I should tame for my first one, I think.</p>

      <p>Monsters used by Tamers had a wider range of use than an Alchemist’s golems and were more useful, too. Unlike golems, their levels could rise, and they could use stat-boosting items. They could heal, too, and they’d revive from 0 health if you healed them. They did have a level limit, but raise a strong monster and they’d be useful through the endgame.</p>

      <p>At the time, I should have been thinking of taming something cool and strong first, like a dragon. The one I accidentally encountered was the exact opposite—a weak sheep.</p>

      <p>Of course, I knew about them. Even in the game, only one ever existed at a time. It was a super-extra-rare monster that the devs probably put in as a bit of a joke. Ever since the game started, no one had ever actually seen one, and I’d seen fake info posted on message boards more than once.</p>

      <p>I......decided on a whim to tame it, a monster that I’d accidentally found.</p>

      <p>For some reason, it didn’t run away, and when it finally attacked, it was so weak that I was actually pretty worried at first. But still, it was my first monster. Of course I’d get attached.</p>

      <p>At any rate, I leveled him like my life depended on it and ended up using a lot of stat-boosting items, too. Luckily, thanks to one of his skills, he produced one rainbow wool every day, which sold for a lot. Using that as funds, I gave him a bunch of stat-boost drinks. I bought all of the items that could teach tamed monsters skills that I could find and used them.</p>

      <p><em>If he’s a weak monster, then I’ll just make him the strongest! </em>I might have been a bit stubborn about that idea. As a result, it became as if Aries’ weakness before had been just a lie, and even after I got to level 1000, he never stopped being useful.</p>

      <p>Well, I did almost lose my motivation to keep that up when the boss-class monsters I’d tamed afterwards got stronger than Aries without any items whatsoever, though.</p>

      <p>Now that I think about it, it could be said that Aries is the one who’s known me the longest. I still hadn’t teamed up with Megrez and the others back then, and I hadn’t started my country either. Just what kind of thoughts did he......Aries have over these two hundred years?</p>

      <p>Was it rage? Or grief?</p>

      <p>Either way, it seemed that he thought I was precious enough to try to avenge me.</p>

      <p>That’s great, but it’s also exactly why I need to stop him. If Megrez and Aries were to fight, one of them would die. Purely from strength in battle, Megrez should win since he was a high level player comparable to me, but Aries should have some sort of plan. I can only think that the temporary feeling of peace here is because Aries is plotting something.</p>

      <p>And right now, I’m the only one in a position to stop him.</p>

      <p>“......That crying sheep, huh...?” I felt a strange muttering leave my mouth.</p>

      <p>Crying sheep? ......I don’t remember anything like that. That sentence, which I muttered incredibly naturally, was about something that I had no memory of, even if I did say it myself.</p>

      <p>......No, that’s wrong.</p>

      <p>I do know. I remember.</p>

      <p>This body still remembers the past that’s been etched in the back of my brain. The image of a small sheep that cried out that it wanted to become stronger is branded into me.</p>

      <p>I see. I don’t know him, but the bit of Lufas’ memory that’s still left in this body does.</p>

      <p>Then there’s no need to hesitate. Lufas’ will aligns with mine. I’ll kick that idiot, who’s let his blood rush to his head, to the curb, and I can just extend my hand to him again afterward. I can tell him to come with me. To come with us. Just like back then, I can pick him up once more.</p>

      <p>It’s fine; I won’t forget.</p>

      <p>As if I would forget you.</p>

      <p><em>As if We would forget you.</em></p>

      <p><em>We shall never forget, even if our memory were to be sent to the ends of oblivion, even if our body were to be filled with a different personality.</em></p>

      <p>So, please......don’t cry anymore, Aries.</p>

      <p>Classifying the denizens of this world roughly, but appropriately, it’s possible to come up with four different categories. Those categories are: Humanity, Monsters, Devilfolk, and everything else.</p>

      <p>First, Humanity consists of seven main races: humans, the heaven-winged, dwarves, elves, halflings, vampires, and beastmen. The conditions for being ‘human’ are......well, they’re subjective.</p>

      <p>If you require humans to be bipedal, then orcs and goblins fit, but they’re treated as monsters since they don’t understand speech. No, well, they are intelligent enough to speak, but somehow it’s way too hard to communicate with them. It’s probably a difference of values.</p>

      <p>Next is monsters. This category is for special living things other than Humanity that have transformed and evolved due to mana.</p>

      <p>This world’s monsters aren’t spawned by the devil king, and they don’t just randomly spawn. It’s said that all monsters used to live in this world as normal animals. So the changed versions of those are monsters.</p>

      <p>To be honest, elves, dwarves, halflings, and beastmen seem to be former humans that have been transformed by mana, but we don’t call them monsters. That part is pretty vague and half-assed.</p>

      <p>The devilfolk are......well, I’m not actually sure. Even in the game they had an astounding lack of backstory.</p>

      <p>One of the most convincing theories is that they’re a secret eighth race of humanity that’s been changed by mana, I guess. They’re probably not all that different from vampires. Also, they’re different from monsters, even if they’re both probably mutated from mana.</p>

      <p>Of course, there’re devilfolk who bring monsters around with them, but they’re just using Tamer skills, so it’s the same as us. However, even though it’s a game thing, they were able to do some cheater-ass shit like use more than one monster at once......</p>

      <p>Isn’t it way too unfair when one of them is clearly leading a huge army of over one hundred monsters, but in the system, all the monsters are counted as one body? I mean, what the hell? The monster’s name even says shit like “Goblin x 100.” Hey, is it one or one hundred monsters? You tell me! If that’s legal for you, then I’m gonna bring out all of my strongest monsters under the name “Twelve Heavenly Stars,” dammit.</p>

      <p>......Ah, shit, no. There was a golem in the Twelve Heavenly Stars.</p>

      <p>Lastly are those that fall under the category of everything else. For this, well, it’s as it says on the tin. It’s anything living that doesn’t fall under any of the above three. Like animals and fish and bugs and stuff. It’s kind of way too rough, but it wasn’t that important in the game, so it just ended up that way.</p>

      <p>And it’s also true that there’s not really much to explain about this. There are some differences in shape and stuff to their earth equivalents, but there’s no point in talking about each one individually. In the first place, they’re just background elements to liven up the place.</p>

      <p>Now then, out of these categories, Aries is a monster.</p>

      <p>Well, I managed to tame him using Monster Tamer skills, so of course, he’s a monster, but to be honest, Monster Tamer skills are pretty haphazard, too. To put it bluntly, as long as it shows up as an enemy, even if it looks human...... For example, you can even treat vampires and dark elves as ‘monsters’ and tame them. The worst players would exclusively tame bandits and pirates and the like and call themselves “Human Tamers” instead of Monster Tamers.</p>

      <p>So, with that in mind, Aries is very properly a monster. He lacks impact as one, but since he has a really easy indicator in his rainbow-colored wool, he’s really easy to identify. He’s easy to spot.</p>

      <p>I also already know where he is. So the question is, should I go in boldly and bring him back?</p>

      <p>I returned the book I just finished to its shelf and looked over at Dina. She was already into the eighth volume of the series and looked completely absorbed.</p>

      <p>What the hell? You read way too fast!</p>

      <p>“Huh? You’re already done?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. We’ve gotten all We want to. Let’s go.”</p>

      <p>“Go? ......Where?”</p>

      <p>“To the castle that Aries is in. Guide us, Dina.”</p>

      <p>Dina got up, and the both of us left the library. Our destination was, of course, the nearby castle that Aries was staying in.</p>

      <p>At first, I had wanted to prioritize Megrez, but at the moment, I couldn’t think of a way to get into the Nobles district. If I really wanted to get in there were ways to do it, but none of them were peaceful. So instead, it’d probably be more efficient to go stop Aries first before taking my time to think of other methods.</p>

      <p>“Okay. Aries’ castle is right—”</p>

      <p>Prodded on by me, Dina started to tell me where Aries was. But her words suddenly cut off.</p>

      <p>The ground shook, and Dina collapsed.</p>

      <p>“Hup.”</p>

      <p>I caught Dina before immediately releasing her and returning my wings and arms inside my mantle. I was saved by the fact that it happened in an instant, so no one noticed, as well as the fact that everyone had bigger priorities now.</p>

      <p>The ground shook intensely. The buildings, which weren’t as earthquake-proof as those in Japan, noticeably creaked and groaned, causing people to scream in terror.</p>

      <p><em>An earthquake......? It’s pretty strong.</em></p>

      <p>It’s a level 4? Maybe 5 on the shindo seismic scale.</p>

      <p>“Hm, vertical shaking?”</p>

      <p>“You’re really calm, aren’t you, Miss Lufas?”</p>

      <p>“We are used to earthquakes.”</p>

      <p>Earthquakes of this level were daily routine for Japanese people. It didn’t seem to be the same for people of this world, however, as they were clearly terrified. They reacted like foreigners who came to play in Japan and just experienced their first earthquake instead.</p>

      <p>Seeing that, a sudden doubt crossed my mind.</p>

      <p>“Dina, how often does this country get earthquakes?”</p>

      <p>“It rarely happens, if ever.”</p>

      <p>“......Hm...”</p>

      <p>Rarely if ever, huh? So, my doubts remain.</p>

      <p>Of course, it’s still possible that this was just a rare, natural earthquake. However, I had an inkling of what it could be if that wasn’t the case.</p>

      <p>Aries had a skill to cause earthquakes.</p>

      <p>No, I should say I was <em>made </em>to remember the possibility.</p>

      <p>Like I’d said before, a tamed monster’s levels were adjusted so they could never exceed the player’s for game balance. (However, it wasn’t impossible to forcefully achieve this anyway with stat-boosting items.) So that level adjustment was one thing, but there was actually one more annoying thing: the management of skills.</p>

      <p>Players could obtain skills infinitely, but tamed monsters had a limit to how many skills they could have. That was their level/50. That was the number of skills a Tamer’s monsters were allowed. And the skills a monster could learn were widely categorized into two types: one a monster learned by leveling up, and one a monster learned through using an item that taught them a skill.</p>

      <p>Originally, Aries was a monster that wasn’t suited for combat. In other words, all his battle-oriented skills were given to him by me. That’s why I knew better than anyone what Aries’ skills were.</p>

      <p>Aries’ theme for his skills is......that’s right! “Obstruction” and “Percent Damage.”</p>

      <p>The solution I came up with to have Aries have a role even with his low stats was to give him many skills that obstructed the enemy, which didn’t rely on stats. And out of those, the one that Aries always used the most was “Earthquake.” It intentionally causes an earthquake in the area and lowers all affected character’s AGI stats, and it also has a certain chance to apply stun. It’s an ability that’s basically there for harassment.</p>

      <p>I’m a heaven-winged, so I can fly, which means I’m not affected at all by the skill. Which means it’s got extremely good compatibility with me.</p>

      <p>“It might just be chance...... However, if it’s not, then that means Aries is here.”</p>

      <p>“You’re most likely right, Miss Lufas. I can feel the mana being disrupted over there......in the Trade district.”</p>

      <p>“Where Gantz is?”</p>

      <p>So she can even sense mana being disturbed? I couldn’t stop the edges of my mouth from twisting upwards seeing my subordinate’s sheer versatility before I looked towards the Trade district.</p>

      <p>That old man Gantz should be there. We’d only spent a scant ten or so minutes together, but he was a nice guy. I should probably hurry, then.</p>

      <p>“Miss Lufas, let’s hurry and get on the monorail to the Trade district!”</p>

      <p>“No, that’s too slow. Also, the monorail might be stopped right now.”</p>

      <p>“Then...?”</p>

      <p>“We will be taking a slightly more forceful option.”</p>

      <p>Right now I can’t take off my mantle. However, like this, I can’t fly. So what should I do? It’s easy. I just need something else to be my wings instead.</p>

      <p>“The materials...... Yes, that’ll do.”</p>

      <p>I spotted a collapsed building at the edge of my vision. It must have been really weak to earthquakes, since something of that level already caused it to crumble into brittle pieces. I sent my will towards that building and activated my Alchemy.</p>

      <p>I do somewhat feel like a thief, but it doesn’t seem so bad if I think of it like removing rubble from a construction site.</p>

      <p>I completed a simple vehicle that both Dina and I could ride on. To be more specific, it was just a huge triangular base. By itself, it would be nowhere near a vehicle; that’s how cheap it was.</p>

      <p>“Get on. We shall fly.”</p>

      <p>“Um, it looks like we’ll fall instead.”</p>

      <p>“Then grab on to our back.”</p>

      <p>I quickly got on the thing, and Dina followed on after me, clinging to my back. Once I’d confirmed that she was safe, I activated my ESP.</p>

      <p>Use Psycho Throw on this base! The transformed piece of rubble, with us on top of it, was treated as a single weapon and flung through the air all at once! Now then, please, let us make it......</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>The ground shook. As did the mana.</p>

      <p><em>—Something’s coming! Something incredible.</em></p>

      <p><em>Someone terrible is coming this way!</em> That was something Gantz understood not through reason but through the instinct he had cultivated over all his battles up until now.</p>

      <p>“Orders! All mercenaries on standby are to arm themselves and gather at the front border ASAP! I repeat! All mercenaries, gather at the front border immediately!”</p>

      <p>The messenger soldier ran around shouting orders, causing the Trade district to buzz with noise.</p>

      <p>Due to necessity, the Trade district was positioned to be the most in danger of being attacked. Naturally, mercenaries and soldiers were constantly posted around the area, and they’d always stopped any attacks. However, the fact that they were calling those that were off duty as well meant the situation was serious.</p>

      <p>The mercenaries hurried to gather together, and the gate guards were forming up before the border. Going along with the flow, Gantz equipped himself and ran out of the entrance to the Trade district.</p>

      <p>“Boss Gantz! What’s goin’ on?!”</p>

      <p>“As if I’d know!”</p>

      <p>Gantz met up with another fellow mercenary on the way by the name of Johnny, and while they ran, Johnny asked Gantz what was going on, but Gantz didn’t know either. However, his instincts as a warrior were warning him.</p>

      <p>It starts today......a fight bigger than anything before. A fight to protect this country!</p>

      <p>“But this atmosphere......you get it, right? It makes my skin tingle......! It’s here......! The final battle that’s been on the way for so long!”</p>

      <p>“So that means......Aries is attacking?!”</p>

      <p>‘On the way.’</p>

      <p>Everyone was predicting this would happen eventually. The war with Aries had reached a stalemate, but that wouldn’t last forever. At some point, Aries was going to attack again with everything he had, for sure. Everyone understood that and feared it.</p>

      <p>And that moment that was ‘on the way’ was here!</p>

      <p>“Captain!”</p>

      <p>“Ohh! You’re here, Gantz!”</p>

      <p>By the time they’d reached the border, the border patrol had already finished getting into formation.</p>

      <p>Gantz found the large man that served as his captain and ran over to meet him. Although they were in different positions as a soldier serving his nation and a mercenary hired for money, they were still both comrades protecting the same place. The two recognized and trusted each other.</p>

      <p>“What’s the enemy’s size?!”</p>

      <p>In response to Gantz’s question, the captain silently handed over a pair of binoculars. That probably meant that it’d be faster for Gantz to see for himself.</p>

      <p>Looking through the binoculars, Gantz laid eyes on a nightmare that he would rather have never seen, covering everything in his vision.</p>

      <p>The army approaching the border was an avalanche of monsters, monsters, and more monsters. The huge army that consisted of who knew how many bodies pushed ever closer with no sense of order or discipline.</p>

      <p>“......Wow, looks like the enemy’s being serious today.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. The question is, ‘Why now?’ ......Just what happened to set this off? Or did he just suddenly feel like it?”</p>

      <p>“As if I’d know. It probably just took this long to gather that many of them, right? More importantly, what do we do? Are you seriously telling me we’re going to have to keep that at bay by ourselves until the main army arrives from the castle?” Gantz said sarcastically, resting his favorite axe on his shoulder.</p>

      <p>Right now, the guards at the gates numbered a total of five hundred men. And with two hundred mercenaries, that made for a total of seven hundred fighters. There was a limit to how lopsided a fight could get. There just weren’t enough of them.</p>

      <p>There was still a chance of them being able to resist if the main army were here, but it was more likely that they’d all be killed before buying enough time for the army to arrive.</p>

      <p>“It’s crazy but we don’t have any other choice. They’ve already gone out of their way to make a greeting and give us time to get ready. So we have to answer in kind.”</p>

      <p>“So that earthquake just then really was a declaration of war. Those bastards, playing all cool.”</p>

      <p><em>There was no need for them to warn us of their attack with an earthquake.</em></p>

      <p><em>The best time to use an earthquake would be just before the attack, to crush any advance or counterattack we could try. But instead, Aries caused an earthquake long in advance and gave us time to ready ourselves. He went out of his way to send a message, saying, “I’m going to attack now.”</em></p>

      <p><em>“I’ll invade and conquer, but I won’t start a war without announcing it first. I won’t attack by surprise.” </em></p>

      <p><em>......Wasn’t that one of the rules that the now departed Lufas Maphaahl set for herself?</em></p>

      <p><em>You cocky bastard, taking after your master in the weirdest ways.</em> Gantz thought as he spat onto the ground.</p>

      <p>“But thanks to that, we managed to make some preparations. All magicians, forward! Kill as many of them as you can before they come close!”</p>

      <p>Following the captain’s orders, robed magicians stepped forward.</p>

      <p>This was Svel, the country of magicians and scholars. The country ranked first in the world in the number of magicians within its borders. The magic barrage unleashed by them wouldn’t allow the monsters to pass easily.</p>

      <p>“FIIIRRRREEEE!!!!”</p>

      <p>A wave of magic was fired in time with the order.</p>

      <p>That order became the signal for the great war for the country of Svel to begin.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go!! We’re going to hold on until the army comes, no matter what!”</p>

      <p>The captain’s orders reverberated throughout the air, and all the soldiers drew their swords. The mercenaries also drew their respective weapons, and they all kicked off the ground.</p>

      <p>The number of enemies was large and unknown. The long-ranged sweeping fire of magic should have lessened their numbers, but the original number was so large that it was actually hard to tell if it made a difference.</p>

      <p>“OOOOAAAAHHHH!!!” Gantz howled and bisected an approaching monster with his gigantic battle axe.</p>

      <p>A great warrior that anybody making their living as a mercenary should have heard of at least once. That was Gantz. Although he didn’t quite reach the level of the vaunted sword saint, his skills still ranked at the top of the world. He could bury any half-baked monster with a single strike and would cleave straight through shields and armor to kill the enemy within.</p>

      <p>“Come at me, you monsters! I’ll slice you all in two!”</p>

      <p>A second strike. Gantz sliced a howling wolf, a wolf-shaped monster, in two as it jumped at him.</p>

      <p>A third strike. Gantz cut down a living armor, an empty but moving suit of armor, as it tried to attack him from behind.</p>

      <p>A fourth strike. Gantz struck down a bird monster that tried to descend on his head with the haft of his axe before slicing it apart while it was on the ground.</p>

      <p>“OOAAAAGGGHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>Slice! Cut! Slice!</p>

      <p>Even after putting down every monster that came at him one after the other and being bathed in their blood, Gantz didn’t rest. In the blink of an eye a small mountain of corpses piled up around him, and that pile only grew bigger.</p>

      <p>“W-wow! So that’s Gantz, the man hailed as the strongest mercenary......”</p>

      <p>“What unreasonable strength......”</p>

      <p>The other soldiers around him reacted in wonder and amazement. That was just how strong Gantz was and just how isolated he was from everyone else.</p>

      <p>However, no matter how strong he was, Gantz was still human. There was a limit to how many monsters he could take on at once, and no matter how many he killed, with the number of monsters present, he wasn’t anywhere near strong enough to push them all back. There was no doubt that Gantz fought furiously. However, that was almost meaningless in front of the sheer mass of monsters that was thrown at them.</p>

      <p>“GWOAAARRGGHH!”</p>

      <p>“—! Johnny!”</p>

      <p>One of Gantz’s friends screamed as he died.</p>

      <p>Gantz looked over and saw that his friend Johnny’s throat was ripped out by a leopard monster before his body was swallowed up by a wave of monsters in the next instant and disappeared.</p>

      <p>War is merciless. Life is reaped equally, whether one knows a person or not. Even a friend who was just recently laughing with you can be changed into a corpse. Gantz had experienced that countless times; it was a fact that he knew well. However, no matter how many times it happened, he never forgot the rage that followed.</p>

      <p>“YOU BASTARDS! HOW DARE YOU!”</p>

      <p>Gantz swept away all the monsters swarming Johnny’s body with his axe. However, he was already too late.</p>

      <p>The little bit of Johnny that Gantz saw after driving off the monsters was no longer in the shape of a human. What was left was also quickly trampled on by other monsters, and it would surely continue to be trampled all the way until the end of the battle, at which point it would just be some sort of mass of color painting the battlefield.</p>

      <p>“Gyaaahh!”</p>

      <p>“Hiiiiiggh!?!”</p>

      <p>Everywhere, soldiers and mercenaries alike were screaming their last, and the numbers of Svel’s defenders were dwindling. The enemy should have been losing fighters as well, but it was impossible to tell just how many. Even now, monsters were swarming around, and it was still impossible to tell just how many of them there were.</p>

      <p>“Tch!”</p>

      <p>A human-sized praying mantis, an Anveterin, sunk its sickle into Gantz’s shoulder. Although he immediately struck back and beheaded it, it hurt too much to take. Of course, it was so in the sense of pain, but also—and more importantly—in the sense of loss in fighting ability.</p>

      <p>His arm would still move, but it was clearly weaker than before. In a battle that would continue for who knew how long, a wound like that was basically a death sentence.</p>

      <p>“Dammit! Is the army not here yet?!” Gantz complained while swinging his axe, cutting down monsters that jumped at him.</p>

      <p><em>How many more minutes? How many more minutes do we have to hold on? Five? Ten? Or even more than that?</em> Impatience swirled in Gantz’s chest, and his movements started to lack their usual brilliance.</p>

      <p>Along with the passage of time, Gantz’s number of wounds grew, and his stamina continued to chip away.</p>

      <p>This was the weakness of the country of magic. It had abundant mana, as well as abundant mages and sorcerers. However, magic had an opposite...... In other words, the country had almost no acolytes or priests who used the power of heaven, or heaven-arts. Especially the heaven-winged, who were most proficient in said arts, hated mana, and wouldn’t come near. It could be said to be a fatal flaw.</p>

      <p>Basically, Svel lacked the means to recover and heal during battle. It wasn’t as if there were no practitioners. However, the number of users was clearly lacking. For this specific battle, the insufficiency was too big to ignore.</p>

      <p>“Guargh!!”</p>

      <p>Another hit. This time, Gantz took a wound in the leg. With that, almost all of his mobility was gone. Taking that into account along with his exhaustion, Gantz was already at less than half fighting power compared to how he was in his best condition.</p>

      <p>Fear and resignation started to creep into Gantz’s heart and take over.</p>

      <p><em>Is this it......? Am I going to die here......?</em> In his mind, Gantz pictured the faces of his dead wife and the precious daughter she left behind. Unlike him, who only knew how to swing around a weapon, she was smart, and clever, and his pride.</p>

      <p><em>Right now, she’s surely doing her best at her studies in the Academics district. </em>Gantz thought about her and banished his resignation from his heart.</p>

      <p><em>Not yet! I can’t die yet!</em></p>

      <p>In a flash, huge spears of water crashed into the monsters.</p>

      <p>“—?! W-what the hell?!”</p>

      <p>Countless blades of water rained from the heavens. And strangely, after hitting the monsters, they went back up into the sky.</p>

      <p>Gantz—no, the entire battlefield followed the blades with their eyes......and saw it.</p>

      <p>The jaw itself, dancing through the sky, was over 100 meters across. Its body, made of water that was chock full of magic, was clear, and it was wriggling like it was covering the whole country of Svel. Its length was unclear. In the first place, it used to be a lake that surrounded the entire country...... Most likely, it should’ve been at least several kilometers.</p>

      <p>That was the giant dragon created by the Wise King Megrez, one of the Seven Heroes who once defeated the Black-Winged Conqueror, using the lake as a medium.</p>

      <p>The artificial guardian deity: Levia.</p>

      <p>The holy beast that protected the country of Svel howled, and the sound was loud enough that the world itself seemed to shake. And in the next instant, hundreds of monsters disappeared into the dragon’s jaws.</p>

      <p>“The g-guardian deity Levia...... Finally, it’s come......!” The captain, covered in wounds, muttered in blank amazement as he watched the giant dragon.</p>

      <p><em>Now, look! Look at this magnificent form! What impressive gallantry! And what a beautiful dragon!</em></p>

      <p><em>This is the pride of Svel! The strongest iron wall of a guardian deity, Levia! It’s invincible! As long as this great guardian is here, even the devil king or the Black-Winged Conqueror would break!</em></p>

      <p>The dragon’s presence was so overwhelming that the defenders believed that.</p>

      <p>“Soldiers, you’ve held on well!”</p>

      <p>The next voice they heard was the cornerstone of this country’s defenses.</p>

      <p>Everyone’s gazes gathered on the speaker with looks of respect. His long, white hair fluttered in the wind. His eyes were sharp like blades and held the glint of great knowledge, and he had the signature doll-like proportional face of an elf. He wore glasses that were rumored to be fake and a white robe that covered his whole body. He was in a wheelchair since his legs stopped working after a battle with the devil king long ago, but even so, he was just as reliable as ever.</p>

      <p>One of the Seven Heroes, the Wise King Megrez.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>