<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_8">
    <div class="main">
      <p>I tried looking over at Dina, but she was just giving me a thumbs up with a satisfied look on her face.</p>

      <p>You......are you actually faster than the Twelve Heavenly Stars? No, but, this is......</p>

      <p>It’s true that Tamers have a skill to humanize monsters. I remember it, too. And I definitely gave Aries a human form.</p>

      <p>—Mizar told me, “Boys that look like girls are all the rage these days,” so I ended up riding on that on a whim to make him look like a girl. Thanks to that, Aries’ human form became something like an avatar trolls used when looking to scam guys out of money in online games, a gender scam. It was a mistake made by the old me. Damn you, Mizar.</p>

      <p>Actually, hasn’t Aries’ personality changed way too much? Just where was all the pressure from before? Or is this how he is normally, and all that before was the strange part?</p>

      <p>For now, let’s peel Aries off and......! Agh! I’ve got snot all over me?!</p>

      <p>“Ahh, geez. Don’t cry, don’t cry. So, you’re still a crybaby even after two hundred years.”</p>

      <p>“Buh-But, but...... U-ugghu......EEEEeeeehhhhhh!!”</p>

      <p>“Aahhhhhhh! Okay, okay! Sorry for making you worry!”</p>

      <p>In the end, I had to continue to comfort Aries to the best of my ability for over twenty minutes until he stopped crying.</p>

      <p>By the way, Dina got bored after about five minutes and disappeared somewhere. And you call yourself my advisor?</p>

      <p>After several tens of minutes, Aries finally stopped crying. He was still sniffling, but as he was we could probably actually have a conversation.</p>

      <p>For now, Aries was safely returned to my possession and wasn’t wild anymore, so I could see his stats. That meant the first thing to do was to check.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Twelve Heavenly Stars: Aries</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 800</p>

      <p>【Race】: Rainbow Sheep</p>

      <p>【Element】: Fire</p>

      <p>【HP】: 75000</p>

      <p>【SP】: 7600</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 4100</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 4000</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 4050</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 4300</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 4170</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 4294</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 4180<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Hm......his stats are slightly higher than what I remember? If I remember right, Aries should have had 68000 HP, but that’s clearly grown. So that means he’s been doing his best in his own way these two hundred years.</p>

      <p>Still, what even stats.</p>

      <p>Well, his stats were so low in the first place, so I was the one that raised them like a jack-of-all-trades but master of none.</p>

      <p>By the way, his stats have been boosted a lot. Without items, all his stats would have been around 1000~1500, since he’s originally a monster for production, not battle. Frankly, the correct way to use him was to not have him participate in battle at all, but keep him in the back to produce wool. I was the weird one for forcing him to fight.</p>

      <p>“Now, have you calmed down, Aries?”</p>

      <p>“Y-yes.”</p>

      <p>The way he looked up at me with a red nose and teary eyes didn’t seem male from literally any angle.</p>

      <p>I didn’t really go for boys that looked like Aries, but Dina, who came back at some point, wasn’t making any effort to hide her obvious smile. She hated orcs, but it looks like this kind of style is right in her strike zone. I feel like I’m getting to know her tastes more and more.</p>

      <p>......It couldn’t be. There’s no way that the only reason she serves me so loyally is because she likes the way I look or something like that, right?</p>

      <p>“We are not good at explaining minor details, so We will keep this brief. We are currently on a journey to return all of the Twelve Heavenly Stars to our fold, and you are the first. Say nothing, and come. We will not allow any objections.”</p>

      <p>“Yes! Happily!”</p>

      <p>At first, I was going to gather them all and return them to the tower, but it really was a long way from here. Or rather, if I sent this kid out alone to go there I’d be scared that he’d get lost. He’s a really great supporter, and it’ll probably be much better to have him come with me. With that in mind, I gave him the command to follow me.</p>

      <p>Well, Aries seemed happy, so in the end, it seemed to be the correct choice.</p>

      <p>“Let’s do our best together again, Miss Lufas! You, too......person I don’t know! Nice to meet you!”</p>

      <p>“—?!” Dina froze stiff in what seemed to be shock.</p>

      <p>Ahh, yeah. Of course that’d happen if you just got called that by someone you knew.</p>

      <p>I also went, “Who’re you?” once, and Aries seems the same way.</p>

      <p>Dina immediately restarted her systems and brought her eyes level with Aries’ before talking with a smile. No, if I looked closely I could see a vein twitching on her forehead.</p>

      <p>“Sir Aries? Do you really not remember me? Really? I’ve been in the tower the whole time, you know?”</p>

      <p>“What? You were?”</p>

      <p>“Come on, try to remember, please. I’ve been by Miss Lufas’ side the entire time in the tower, haven’t I?” Dina said, and Aries got a far off look in his eye like he was remembering something long past.</p>

      <p>After a while of that, he raised his voice. “Ah!”</p>

      <p>“Could it be, that one person with no presence, who always blended into the background?”</p>

      <p>“So cruel?!” Dina suffered another shock before turning to me, looking like she was about to cry.</p>

      <p>No, uhh, yeah. It can’t be helped, Dina. I mean, you really were background in a literal sense. You had no lines, no role, and no abilities. And if you acted the same way in this world, of course no one would remember you.</p>

      <p>“That’s surprising! So you managed to move from there!”</p>

      <p>“Am I some sort of piece of furniture?!”</p>

      <p>“Actually, I’m surprised you can talk!”</p>

      <p>“Miss Lufas! He’s saying such mean things even though he’s got such a cute face?!”</p>

      <p>Sorry, Dina. If you were this capable and noisy two hundred years ago, this wouldn’t have happened in the first place.</p>

      <p>Actually, why did she turn into part of the background in the first place? Could it be that she just used to be a calm sort of person who didn’t show off her own identity? If that’s the case, that would make her another person who changed in these two hundred years...... It might be a little too much for just a ‘change’ though.</p>

      <p>For now, I really do feel sorry for her, so I guess I should throw her a bone.</p>

      <p>“Aries. Dina has supported us with all her might ever since We came back to this world until now. Don’t tease her so.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? No, I wasn’t doing anything of the sort......! I was just saying what I thought......”</p>

      <p>“That’s even worse!”</p>

      <p>Ahh, I see. Aries is honest, for good or bad. Looks like Dina will be feeling some pain for a while.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“—So, We have safely retrieved Aries. On the way, there was some guy...Mars? He said he was a Seven Luminaries or something and was really annoying, so We killed him. Be at ease.”</p>

      <p>“............Just what was all our effort these past several years for......”</p>

      <p>After retrieving Aries, I once again visited the Nobles district to see Megrez.</p>

      <p>I was wondering how I should convince the guards, but it seemed that when we came through before Megrez told them to let me through, so we were allowed in on a ‘face pass.’ (I didn’t reveal my face, though.) It was a happy accident.</p>

      <p>As for Aries, in his original form and his human form, his impression was way too different from that monster sheep, so he was let in without any questions whatsoever. I mean, who would even imagine that over-100-meter class giant sheep could be a boy that looked this feminine?</p>

      <p>I’m the one who edited his looks to be this way, though.</p>

      <p>“What happened to the monsters?”</p>

      <p>“We have added them all to our forces. We have given them the order to not attack people without reason, so as long as your side does not provoke them you should see no troubles.”</p>

      <p>“There should have been several hundred monsters in that castle, but...... I guess even after two hundred years the Great Conqueror’s leadership ability hasn’t declined. How scary.”</p>

      <p>Ah, sorry. It’s probably actually declined greatly. I mean, my insides are completely different. As if I could say that, so for now I just smiled confidently.</p>

      <p>“So, what are you going to do now?”</p>

      <p>“Of course, We will return all the Twelve Heavenly Stars to our side. Next is......”</p>

      <p>Next is......where should I go? I’m not familiar at all with this era’s geography. I’d be able to decide if all the cities were the same as the game, but unfortunately, since my country got destroyed and all the heroes started their own, I had no idea where anything was. And so, I looked over at Dina, trying to draw an explanation out of her.</p>

      <p>“Our next destination is the ‘Grave of the Black-Winged King.’ It’s around 500km away from here. It’s being guarded by one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, Libra of the ‘Scales.’”</p>

      <p>“......From the name, it sounds like our grave.”</p>

      <p>“Not sounds, it actually <em>is</em> your grave, Miss Lufas. It was completed 190 years ago. It’s a pyramid that is also the world’s largest building, at 108 floors total. All the people that were close to you, Lufas, took ten years to build it. At the top floor, all the equipment, weapons, and treasures you used and hoarded while you were alive are stored, and it’s been guarded by Libra, one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, without rest all this time.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? That Libra?”</p>

      <p>One of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, Libra of the “Scales.” She was most likely the single most powerful golem in all of <em>Exgate Online</em>. For her materials base, I used an item that dropped off an official event boss, one that had no duplicate in the world, the “Scales of Selection.” Furthermore, I had Mizar, whose Alchemist level was 200 (he paid for it), build her instead of me to raise her level.</p>

      <p>I’ve said before that a golem’s max level depends on the materials used to build it, and the max level for the “Scales of Selection” was 1000. And, with Mizar’s 200 Alchemist levels, the formula for the golem’s level went: [1000/2 + 200]. In other words, we managed to create a level 700 golem. (Golems are treated as objects, so their ownership is transferable.) On top of that, we used a rare item of limited number, “Orichalcum” (a paid item). Its effect was to, at its creation, raise a golem’s final level by 10~30% at random. Luckily, we got +30% and raised the golem’s level by 210.</p>

      <p>In other words, Libra had a vaunted level of 910 even as a golem, and through the combined efforts of Mizar and I, was something that should truly be called a ‘super golem.’</p>

      <p>Well, she’s still under the ‘can’t be stronger than its owner’ rule, so if I were to give Libra to a weak player she’d still get downgraded. It wasn’t a problem with me and my 1000 levels, though.</p>

      <p>Also, in terms of attacks, Libra is most likely the strongest out of all the Twelve Heavenly Stars...... In fact, if I mess up she could be even stronger than me. And that’s because she straight-up inherited a boss’s unique skill. That boss being the “Goddess’s Scale” who dropped the “Scales of Selection” in the first place.</p>

      <p>Said “Goddess’s Scale” was the guardian of the divine territory that Alovenus occupied (that was the lore setting of the super-difficult dungeon), so it required a corresponding amount of strength from all the players that challenged it. It was a fearful guardian that blew away all weaklings without question. And the name of its deadly skill was “Brachium.” Its effect was to apply a set amount of damage, 99999 to be exact, through all defensive skills and at perfect accuracy.</p>

      <p>Of course, any normally raised character wouldn’t be able to live after taking this attack. Even the heaven-winged or vampires, with their relatively high stats, would only reach around 70000 HP at level 1000, normally. In other words, it was a broken skill that assumed that all opponents were using stat-boosting items, meaning it mercilessly killed all but high level players. It even killed Megrez, who was a specialized backliner and thus had low HP.</p>

      <p>It was a fiendish boss, as if its very existence was saying, “If you can’t overcome this, you don’t deserve to see the goddess.” If I’m remembering right, the basics of the event were to defeat the fiendish guardian, overcome the crazily difficult dungeon, and meet the goddess for a reward.</p>

      <p>So, even as a golem, that fiendish skill was alive and well. Though as one might expect, it got weaker. Unlike the boss, who would shoot it off over and over from the start of the battle, Libra was limited to only once every 24 hours. And even then, it was a fearsome threat. I vividly remember the chills I got, even as a friendly, after seeing Libra kill everyone in the first move by using the “Preemptive Strike” skill at the start of the battle to shoot it off right away.</p>

      <p>The only problem was......the CPU’s thinking must have been bad, since Libra would use it even against small-fry if it was available. Thanks to that, there’d been trouble more than once since she was unable to use it when it was most important.</p>

      <p>Well, the skill clearly broke game balance, and people had complained a lot to the devs about their balancing mistake, so...... I mean, I agreed with their opinion, too. I figured it would get fixed with the next update patch, but in the end, the final battle happened before that, and I ended up here.</p>

      <p>So she’s the guardian, huh......?</p>

      <p>I’m not sure if there’d be any grave robbers, but if there were, I can only offer them my condolences. As it is, in this entire world probably only Levia could break past that skill.</p>

      <p>“I’ve heard the rumors about Libra, too. It seems she’s turned into a killing machine that massacres anyone that approaches the top floor. Apparently there were people that tried talking, but I hear it was like talking to a wall,” Megrez said, looking troubled as he heaved a sigh.</p>

      <p>Personally, I think she’s better since she isn’t on a rampage like Aries was, but I guess Megrez thinks differently.</p>

      <p>“Then, would it not be fine to leave her? Is there a reason you want to rob our grave so badly?”</p>

      <p>“There is; that’s why it’s a problem. People aren’t the only ones that have degraded over these two hundred years. Tools and weapons, and even Alchemists, have all been decaying in quality. In particular, almost all the legendary class magic swords and armors were destroyed in the battle with the devil king, and the only ones left are all in your grave.”</p>

      <p>Legendary class weapons probably meant all the weapons made by players or rare-drop weapons. Particularly, items and weapons from official events were especially valuable since they couldn’t be obtained again.</p>

      <p>“Right now, as we’re being cornered by the devilfolk, those weapons are valuable enough for people to give up an arm and a leg for. I’m not justifying grave robbing, but even so, all the weapons you have stored there could hold the key to a reversal of humanity’s fortunes. ......But, thanks to that golem no one can lay hands on them.”</p>

      <p>Well, of course, thanks to that stupid skill that does 99999 set defense-piercing damage.</p>

      <p>It does have a sort of weakness in that it can’t be used repeatedly, but in this age, one probably already had to risk their own life just to get up there. I seriously doubt anyone would truly be willing to deal with an attack that deals instant-death levels of damage on top of that.</p>

      <p>“Hmmm...... We can’t really bring ourselves to blame Libra on this. It’s true that humanity is in trouble, but from our perspective she has simply been loyally protecting our property until our return. It should be praiseworthy, not something to condemn her over.”</p>

      <p>“I know. But if you can, I’d like it if, after you’ve retrieved Libra, you’d leave just what you don’t think you’ll use behind in your grave. I know this is a completely absurd request, though.”</p>

      <p>“......Well, We don’t mind a request of that level.”</p>

      <p>It’s funny, the owner of a grave who’s currently alive is allowing people to rob it.</p>

      <p>Well, for now, my next destination is set. I need to go and commend Libra for working 190 years without rest.</p>

      <p>I tied up my hair into a ponytail and put on some glasses. Even doing that much changed my impression considerably.</p>

      <p>As for clothes, I changed out the white dress I’d been using up until now for a white tunic and black slacks and wore my usual crimson cloak on top. However, unlike before, I simply wore it, instead of using it to cover my entire body.</p>

      <p>Lastly, Dina wrapped my black wings in some bandages to hide them. When she did, the wings themselves mysteriously disappeared from sight, and it was no longer obvious that I was even a heaven-winged. The bandages were something Megrez had prepared, a camouflage item that he created with Alchemy. Apparently, it was imbued with “Stealth” magic, and anything wrapped in it would blend into the surroundings.</p>

      <p>“It’d be hard to keep moving around looking as you have been, right?” Megrez said before generously gifting me some new clothes and the aforementioned bandages. I was really grateful.</p>

      <p>“Hm... What do you think, Megrez? Does it suit us?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Anything you wear suits you.”</p>

      <p>Thanks to Megrez I didn’t have to do this self-binding play anymore. It was an escape that I couldn’t wish for more.</p>

      <p>Man, honestly I didn’t think he’d go this far for me. To him, I’m a sworn enemy from the past that just suddenly revived, so being enemies should have been normal. But instead, he’s supporting me like this. It’s so nice I’m actually starting to wonder if it’s a trap.</p>

      <p>“Say, Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“Yes?”</p>

      <p>“Do you......not resent us? Back then, you were unmistakably within arm’s reach of your dreams. You were just about to achieve the future you wanted. And we were the ones who betrayed you and ruined it all...... Don’t you...think that’s detestable?”</p>

      <p>I sunk into thought for a small while at Megrez’s question. I didn’t feel any of that hatred or resentment or whatever. Of course I wouldn’t. To me, that fight was just a game, and I wasn’t the one that actually experienced it. So instead of answering the question, I decided to reply in my own way.</p>

      <p>“If the people rose in rebellion, that only meant that We were not fit to be king. If you rose to action because you were unsatisfied with us, then that just meant that We were not worthy of kingship, as We drove you to that. There is not a single reason to resent you all.”</p>

      <p>I checked myself in the mirror, striking several poses from many angles.</p>

      <p>Yeah, this is pretty nice, isn’t it? It’s easy to move in, and more than anything, it doesn’t make me look haughty or arrogant. As always, I wouldn’t be able to avoid attention given my ridiculously good looks, but it’s ten times better than being a suspicious person fully covered in a red mantle.</p>

      <p>Man, I shouldn’t be saying this about myself, but it’s unfair how good I look without even any makeup...... I make an idol after being photoshopped look plain.</p>

      <p>“So stop blaming yourself. Honestly, it hurts to even watch you.”</p>

      <p>Lufas was an invader, and he was one of the heroes that defeated her. That was all that mattered two hundred years ago, and that’s probably how it should be.</p>

      <p>The victors always decide everything. So the moment I lost, I lost the right to say anything, and I don’t want to either. So seeing the winning side all suffering like this is like putting the cart before the horse.</p>

      <p>“You are a hero to the people of this country. Be proud. Like you were two hundred years ago.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll take your advice to heart. ............Thanks.” A slight smile returned to Megrez’s face.</p>

      <p>That way too serious side of his will probably have him worrying even more in the future, but I’d like to think I just made it a little better. In fact, our side is the one that needs to apologize, especially a certain sheep that’s like a walking gender scam and is currently curled up in a corner......</p>

      <p>But Aries threw a fit, saying, “I don’t want to apologize to anybody who betrayed Master!” And as of now, he still hasn’t uttered a single word of apology.</p>

      <p>“Now then, it is about time for us to set off. Levia, who Aries weakened, should be fine now.”</p>

      <p>“You have my thanks. As I am now, I can’t bring back the HP that was lost.”</p>

      <p>It seemed that as long as there was water, the max HP that Levia lost due to Aries’ attack could be recovered. However, even though Megrez could repair Levia, he wasn’t able to alchemize more material to completely recover the lost HP, so I had to do that part.</p>

      <p>Still, being able to recover with just water is really simply convenient. For now, all the problems with Levia should be solved.</p>

      <p>“Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p>“......Nice travels.”</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>Having been encouraged by Megrez, I couldn’t help but smile. And, waving goodbye, we left Megrez’s residence.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>