<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Nobody could move.</p>

      <p>Neither the king on his throne, his soldiers, nor even the court mages.</p>

      <p>Not even the king’s advisor, who’d lived for over two hundred years.</p>

      <p>Everyone saw that figure and was drawn in, absorbed in its presence and yet drowned in utter fear.</p>

      <p>Her fluttering hair was a golden hue that turned into a shade of scarlet, as if someone had put a gradation effect over it. Her eyes, which seemed to see through everything, were a fire-like scarlet. Covering her unblemished white skin was a pure-white dress and a cloak of crimson.</p>

      <p>Her appearance was so beautiful, symmetrical, and flawless it made one realize the difference between them and perfection, going as far as to result in feelings of misery.</p>

      <p>—And peeking out of her cloak was proof of being one of the heaven-winged while at the same time being the taboo of the same race: large, pitch-black wings.</p>

      <p>As if a true king had just returned, people bowed their heads in fear.</p>

      <p>They could not raise their heads. They could not face forward. Knees shaking, they assumed the position of a retainer welcoming their master home, heads stuck to the ground.</p>

      <p>She was the perfect example of a king whose presence commanded the space around them, prompting people to prostrate themselves just by standing there.</p>

      <p>She had the presence and dignity of a supreme ruler, one that would brook no argument, as well as the dress of a leader.</p>

      <p>And in the center of that whirlpool...</p>

      <p>The girl who forced all the people in the castle to prostrate themselves, who gained total control of the place without lifting a finger, smiled silently and thought:</p>

      <p><em>This is bad, some people I don’t know are bowing to me. What is this? A prank? What do I do? Just how did all this happen? Someone, please help me!</em> —It wasn’t anyone else, but her, who was most confused in that situation.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p><em>Why is this happening to me?</em></p>

      <p>That’s probably first in the order of things I should explain.</p>

      <p>But, there’s something I should say before that.</p>

      <p>I am male.</p>

      <p>A perfectly healthy, normal, everyday boy. With that as a premise, I’d like you to listen.</p>

      <p>First......let’s see.</p>

      <p>I was playing a game, just like usual.</p>

      <p>That game being <em>Exgate Online</em>.</p>

      <p><em>Exgate Online</em> was an online game that got released in 2027, and this year was their 6th anniversary.</p>

      <p>Apparently, it was based off of a family-friendly, orthodox RPG set in Mizgarz, a fantasy world of swords and magic, which got turned into a tabletop RPG before having that turned into the online game we have now. Unfortunately, I never had the original console, so I never played the original game.</p>

      <p>......No, well, I had considered buying it. The console was called “Dreamstation,” or “Dreast” for short.</p>

      <p>But the Dreast was a console from twenty years ago; it was really hard to find. There weren’t any antique game shops anywhere near me, either.</p>

      <p>Anyway, it was like <em>that.</em> Since the setting of <em>Exgate Online</em> was so straightforward and orthodox, it was really easy for beginners to get into. People fought using mainly swords and magic, and there were monsters and elves and fairies. Basically, there were a lot of races mixed in among each other.</p>

      <p>You know? You hear that shit so often, right? That’s exactly what orthodox is; it’s still familiar somehow, even after all these years.</p>

      <p>I was a high school student back when I first started this game, and I just started because I kind of felt like it.</p>

      <p>There wasn’t any real reason for it, and it wasn’t like I was invited by a friend, either. It was just a whim......I noticed it by coincidence, and it was free-to-play so I decided to try. That’s all my motivation was. It was simple.</p>

      <p>In the end, I got super into it. All my passion was poured into it.</p>

      <p>At any rate, I went as far as I could to buy time to play, and any time I was free, I was playing.</p>

      <p>By the time I realized, I’d already started buying items with real money, and I ended up getting a part-time job putting stickers on merchandise to make money to spend on the game.</p>

      <p>Why a job that I could do at home? Because if I went out, I wouldn’t be able to play my game.</p>

      <p>I barely even wanted to go to school. And of course, I wasn’t involved in any school clubs—the go-home club, if you will.</p>

      <p>What was lucky for me, and unlucky for the largest portion of players, was that there was a limit to how long you could play each day. It was probably to try to control the growing number of online game addicts, so for now, let’s make that the reason why about ten years ago, they passed a law restricting online play.</p>

      <p>So, of course <em>Exgate Online </em>couldn’t ignore the law and made it so that nobody could play for more than ten hours a day.</p>

      <p>Thanks to that, I was able to log basically the same playtime as other addicts even while going to school and maintained my status as one of the top players.</p>

      <p>At any rate, I put my all into raising my character.</p>

      <p>I leveled up a bunch of jobs to their limit and even tried changing them around.</p>

      <p>The selling point of this game was the extremely extensive character creation. If I remember right, there were over 10,000 “parts” to create from. I don’t actually know them all.</p>

      <p>The fact that you could combine those parts freely to create an essentially infinite amount of avatars led me to like my own character even more, drawing me in further.</p>

      <p>The character I created with that system was “Lufas Maphaahl,” a heaven-winged girl.</p>

      <p>The heaven-winged were one of the playable races in this game, and their characteristics were that they could fly, and, in exchange for high basic stats, they couldn’t learn attack magic at all. They were called “the race of kings” and had an inborn charisma that could force others to follow them.</p>

      <p>That was reflected in-game, too, in the form of a racial skill that immobilized others if the level gap was too high.</p>

      <p>Well, it was completely useless for things like boss fights, though.</p>

      <p>I trained and trained Lufas.</p>

      <p>No matter how much I paid for the item, I didn’t hesitate to equip the best stuff, and I took part in every event that gave good loot.</p>

      <p>Eventually, I started a country—I gathered other players who wanted to join into a combined force, and although at first we were small, we grew and grew.</p>

      <p>One of the selling points of the game was a system called “War.”</p>

      <p>Two factions would bet everything and fight, and the losing country would be absorbed into the winning country. Lufas used this system to its fullest and conquered many different countries.</p>

      <p>Of course, although it’s referred to as conquering, all the wars were started with both parties’ consent.</p>

      <p>Doing so without consent was just thievery. Something like that would just get you exposed immediately and ostracized and hated just as fast.</p>

      <p>There was also one more selling point to this game.</p>

      <p>The “Novel System.”</p>

      <p>It was a system that partnered with the internet’s largest novel-submission site, where the things that players did in-game got turned into official canon in the form of a novel.</p>

      <p>“I started a war for this reason.”</p>

      <p>“We went through this much trouble to finish a quest.”</p>

      <p>Send those things in to the official site, and anything they accepted would get displayed on the official homepage.</p>

      <p>If you paid money, you could get even small events made into a story, so everywhere in <em>Exgate Online</em> was a story, and the players were all the main characters.</p>

      <p>And large, critical events were turned into stories free of charge.</p>

      <p>My character, Lufas, became a semi-official character that all the players knew. She’d destroyed and taken over many enemy states and was the first character since the game started to combine the entire world into a single country and reign over it as the Great Conqueror.</p>

      <p>Lufas Maphaahl, the Black Wings of Terror.</p>

      <p>That’s right, once I managed to take over the world and create an empire.</p>

      <p>As one would expect, I couldn’t take over the official last boss’s, the devil king’s, minions, but everyone other than the free players became citizens under Lufas.</p>

      <p>The above event was treated grandly by the above Novel System, and people started saying a lot of different things about Lufas. If I remember right, they were things like, “You’re a wild last boss,” or “Geez, why don’t you just become the last boss?”</p>

      <p>But then, a problem happened.</p>

      <p>A unified world was, honestly, not fun game-wise.</p>

      <p>It was a waste of a fun mechanic in the War System, and made it harder for new players to make their own new countries.</p>

      <p>So, I consulted with other high-level players, and we agreed on holding a player-created event.</p>

      <p>We contacted a famous novelist on the site and had him create a new “crux of history.”</p>

      <p>The story went like this:</p>

      <p>The world was invaded by the Great Conqueror Lufas and unified through force.</p>

      <p>However, heroes rose up.</p>

      <p>Even while being ruled, they waited for a chance, and along with others who agreed, they stood against the root of evil, Lufas, in rebellion! Oh, great heroes. Such bravery is true nobility!</p>

      <p>Now, drag the Great Conqueror who exploits tyranny to no end down from her throne! —Yeah, I’m straight-up the bad guy.</p>

      <p>Essentially, we split the world into two forces: the Conqueror’s Army led by Lufas, and the Army of Light led by the heroes. Then, we proceeded to leave the official last boss in the dust as we held the biggest battle in the history of the game by ourselves.</p>

      <p>So to spoil the conclusion for you, I lost.</p>

      <p>I mean, basically all the most powerful players were on the other side! As if I could win.</p>

      <p>But I still tried my best.</p>

      <p>By the time I noticed, I was already alone, but I still rampaged as hard as I could.</p>

      <p>I used my racial skill to neutralize all the weak players—around 80% of them—and did my absolute best and managed to take it to a one-on-one fight with their leader.</p>

      <p>......Well, at that point my HP was already dipping past the 20% line, though.</p>

      <p>Yeah, it was over in one hit.</p>

      <p>I made the first move and managed to bring my opponent’s HP down to 0 once, but he used the skill “Huge Comeback,” something totally for main characters, to revive himself and win a miraculous come-from-behind victory. At least, that’s how he played it.</p>

      <p>I mean, he definitely took that last attack on purpose.</p>

      <p>After getting hit by the leader’s—and all the other high-level players’—ultimate moves in a show of complete overkill, I was subjected to a subspace seal (<em>a magic spell that exiles someone or something into subspace</em>, or so the flavor text goes). It even came with the description: <em>Finishing an enemy with this will extend the time it takes for them to revive</em>.</p>

      <p>Please stop! I’m already out of HP! Well, I didn’t like the idea of getting wrecked without even saying anything, so before I was completely gone I even tried to roleplay, saying, “Well done, heroes! You have done a wonderful job surpassing us! If it’s with all of you, you might be able to win, even against that detestable devil king!” ......Yeah, uhhh... I was young.</p>

      <p>Just like that, Lufas lost, and the world was freed from her grasp. —That was how the end of the story went.</p>

      <p>The reactions to it were really good. Enough that people said things like, “Like, this can just be the real ending,” “That was a good last episode,” “Hey, don’t forget about the devil king (lol)!,” “Devil king? Oh yeah, the one that hid until Lufas was dead. Uhhh, what was his name again?,” and “Lol, that’s way too cruel.” It was big enough that it basically sparked an internet party.</p>

      <p>Even though I lost, I still managed to complete a huge event and was satisfied with that. I was even grinning from ear to ear as I looked at the message boards.</p>

      <p>So, when I tried to log in the next day, an unfamiliar character popped up on the screen.</p>

      <p>Her name was the God of All Creation, Alovenus. In the story, she was the one who created the world of Exgate, and to put it bluntly, she was basically the avatar of the devs.</p>

      <p>She was a cheat character that popped up during times like when a player logs in for the first time or during official events, and although she does have her stats set, they’re so ridiculously high no one would ever be able to even think of beating her.</p>

      <p>Like, what the hell? 999,900,000,000 health? You screwing with me? Even bosses don’t go past a million in this game, you know?</p>

      <p>So, the official cheater Alovenus appeared and said this to me:</p>

      <p>“I shall bestow upon you a new role.”</p>

      <p>I took this as some sort of message from the devs.</p>

      <p>Right now, Lufas was treated as a big boss character on the level of the devil king in <em>Exgate Online</em>. Of course, the game company wouldn’t be able to ignore her, especially if the next day I tried to log in again after such a huge event like nothing had happened. ......Yeah, I get it. Even I think it’s kinda uncool.</p>

      <p>I was thinking, like: <em>If I just log in like this, what’ll happen to the story if I just revive like nothing happened?</em> So honestly, this was a godsend.</p>

      <p>That’s why I clicked the “Yes” option in response to the message.</p>

      <p>I had no idea what kind of event it was, but I’d been getting through official events just fine up until now.</p>

      <p><em>So whatever plan they have for me, bring it on, I say!</em></p>

      <p>With that thought in mind—.</p>

      <p>Then, my vision whited out.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>And now, we’re back to the beginning.</p>

      <p>With all these people prostrating themselves around me.</p>

      <p>My chest was feeling especially heavy, and I had a feeling of loss along with a lighter feeling around my crotch.</p>

      <p>I noticed the dress and cloak I was wearing, as well as my long hair on the edge of my sight along with black wings growing out of my back.</p>

      <p>Looking with my vision, which had gotten strangely good, and using a window that was a distance away, I saw an unbelievably beautiful girl reflected back at me. It was like a joke.</p>

      <p>I......became Lufas? Nonono. No way.</p>

      <p>I’m a guy, right? Lufas is a girl, right? She was a beautiful girl character that I made after several hours of scratching my head over her, and for a stupid reason, too, you know? I just thought I’d be more into it looking at a cute girl the entire time rather than at a guy. Like, what’s even the point of becoming her? Now I can’t see her at all!</p>

      <p>“......Hm. Now, We’re quite unable to grasp the entire picture...... Will someone explain this to us?” ......Heyyy!</p>

      <p>I knew that my voice would be different. I was prepared for it.</p>

      <p>But what was up with my speech?</p>

      <p>I tried to say ‘Sorry, I’m not really sure what’s going on, so can someone explain this to me please?’ But instead, something needlessly pompous spilled out of my mouth.</p>

      <p>Isn’t this exactly how I used to RP Lufas when I was playing?</p>

      <p>“What is wrong, children of man? Raise your heads. How long are you planning to lay there? Or is this the natural posture for your people? If that is so, We apologize for our ignorance.” No, that’s not what I meant! This is just roundabout sarcasm!</p>

      <p>This isn’t what I want to say.</p>

      <p>‘What’s wrong? Please get up. If you keep staying like that we’ll get nowhere. Also, this might be rude, but is this just how you all are normally? If that’s the case, I’m sorry, I didn’t know!’ —That was what I was really trying to say.</p>

      <p>But like that it was just really oppressive.</p>

      <p>Oh no, with this habit everything I say gets blown out of proportion. What should I do?</p>

      <p>......Ah, right! That’s what it is, my racial skill, “Pressure!” I probably have it turned on.</p>

      <p>Uhhh, I should be able to turn it on and off...... Turn off, turn off! Come on, my Pressure!</p>

      <p>Ghhh! My Pressure tingles......! “......Ah, is that it? Excuse us, what a thoughtless thing We have done. Of course it would be difficult to talk like this.” Pressure, OFF! I tried to will it off, but unlike in the game, no convenient window popped up, and all these strange old guys stayed with their heads down and wouldn’t move.</p>

      <p>......Hey, I said OFF! You get it right? I want to stop my skill.</p>

      <p>Please, just take a rest, Pressure.</p>

      <p>Ah, no, please turn off, I’m begging you.</p>

      <p>My desperate pleas must have worked, as all the people that had stayed prostrated up until now raised their heads, and started sending terrified looks my way.</p>

      <p>“Oh, ohhh...... Th-this figure is...... No way...... Sh-she was alive......” Some stick of a man with long ears dressed like a priest said while shaking like a leaf.</p>

      <p>How rude. I don’t remember ever dying.</p>

      <p>Ah, but didn’t Lufas just die yesterday?</p>

      <p>“O-Ohhh...... What a mistake we’ve committed...... Something that will never be forgiven......never...... Just why did the ritual for the descent of the hero...... Instead of a hero, we have released the Great Conqueror......”</p>

      <p>“—Hm, We understand now. It seems you all know of us. Then this situation, We shall have you explain it.” It seems like that stick knows me.</p>

      <p>Then things should go a little better if I get him to explain.</p>

      <p>In order to calm him down I put on a smile, and tried to place my words as nicely as possible to convince him I was harmless.</p>

      <p>“Do not be so afraid, child of man. We shall do nothing to you...... Do not worry, and tell us everything.” —But still, can’t I do anything about the way I speak?</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>