<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_7">
    <div class="main">
      <p>—Mars flew through the air in a flash.</p>

      <p>He didn’t even know what happened to him.</p>

      <p>Unable to comprehend just what kind of attack he took, the only thing Mars understood was, ‘I was attacked with incredible power.’</p>

      <p>“......No...way......”</p>

      <p>Blood spilled out of his mouth onto the ground.</p>

      <p><em>Just what happened? Just who is that, to do this to one of the Seven Luminaries with just one hit......? —No, it wasn’t just one!</em></p>

      <p>That was when Mars finally realized. Out of all the over five hundred monsters that jumped at the red mantle and were blown away, not a single one was dead! They were unconscious, but every single one of them was fine.</p>

      <p>That meant that this person had enough leeway to go easy on this many opponents. Strong enough to not kill them, but to instead purposefully miss their weak points with blunted swords and just blow them away!</p>

      <p>“Wh-What the hell......are you......”</p>

      <p>As if to answer his question, black wings ran through his vision at that exact moment.</p>

      <p>There was a single powerfully clenched fist that appeared from within the cloak. And, as a result of her arm moving, a pair of large, pitch-black wings spread out. Long hair that shined gold but flowed like fire. Deep crimson eyes. She was far too beautiful to be the god of death that killed him and too lovely to be called the Great Conqueror.</p>

      <p>That form was unmistakably......</p>

      <p>“......L-Lufas......Lufas Maphaahl......?!”</p>

      <p>The Black-Winged Supreme Ruler, the only one that ever scared the devil king away from completing his conquest. Mars finally realized that he had challenged an opponent he should never have challenged.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>I undid the clasp on my cloak and spread my wings. Instantly, I felt liberated.</p>

      <p>Even now I just can’t get used to the idea of restraining myself with my own wings. I mean, if there was anybody like that, I’d be really creeped out.</p>

      <p>Now then, I just punched this guy as he was loitering around me spouting an insanely long speech, but is this the guy Megrez told me about? The one behind Aries? Honestly, he’s not really strong, so I’m not sure, and if they’re just running their mouth, anybody can do it.</p>

      <p>......Ahh, didn’t he say something about being one of the Seven Luminaries?</p>

      <p>“Seven Luminaries, huh? We are not familiar with that name.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll explain!”</p>

      <p>As if she was just waiting for me to ask a question, Dina suddenly teleported in.</p>

      <p>Yeah, uhhh, you know... I’m really thankful, but has explaining things become your hobby recently or something?</p>

      <p>“The Seven Luminaries is the title for the seven commanders supporting the devilfolk, and it was established eighty years ago. It wouldn’t be too much to say that they’re the strongest among the devilfolk, excepting the devil king himself and his son.”</p>

      <p>“......At this level? From what We see, this one’s only level 300...”</p>

      <p>“That just means the level of the devilfolk has also dropped. It’s true that humanity lost against the devil king, but the devilfolk were bloodied, too. The other side lost almost all their strong fighters. If they hadn’t, this world would have been destroyed long ago.”</p>

      <p>Ahh, I see. That answers one of my questions.</p>

      <p>Before I wondered, ‘How is it we’re maintaining this equilibrium?’ But now that I think about it, it was weird that I assumed the devilfolk were at the same level in the first place.</p>

      <p>With all the high level and mid-level players that were wandering around the world, if a fight occurred that wiped all of them out, of course it’d be strange if the other side wasn’t dealt a huge blow, too. In other words, my prediction of ‘definitely level 1000’ couldn’t be farther off the mark, and the reason that Svel was still standing was simply because its opponents were weak enough for it, too.</p>

      <p>......Hm? Which means...... Could it be that in the world right now, the only ones able to fight me properly are the devil king and the Twelve Heavenly Stars?</p>

      <p>“By the way, Lufas, shouldn’t you go deal them the finishing blow? It doesn’t look like you’ve killed a single monster yet.”</p>

      <p>“Hm? Ahh......about that. Even We don’t feel like killing monsters that are only being used. Our enemy is only the devilfolk,” I said before lightly waving my finger.</p>

      <p>When I did, the countless swords that blew away the monsters and were currently scattered all over the ground disappeared. It’s the opposite of alchemy. Disassembly, I’d call it?</p>

      <p>“What are you going to do about the monsters? Now that they’ve lost their master, they’re going to return to the wild. You can’t guarantee they won’t attack people.”</p>

      <p>“We have thought of that...... ‘Capture!’”</p>

      <p>I activated the skill that was the foundational and most prized skill of Monster Tamers, “Capture.” Its effect was to, with a certain chance of success, capture a monster that was under a certain amount of HP or otherwise rendered unable to move and add it to the player’s forces. The number of targets a player could try to capture at once, as well as its success rate, increased along with the class’s levels, and in my case, I could capture ten at a time.</p>

      <p>With this number, I’d have to repeat the skill over fifty times, but I had something I wanted to try. It was an underhanded trick that wasn’t available in the game but at the same time was used regularly by enemy characters.</p>

      <p>I should be the same as Mars in the fact that I had the Monster Tamer skill to control monsters. Then there was no reason I wouldn’t be able to do what he was able to. This wasn’t the game, so there should be no rule saying, “It breaks balance, so only enemies are able to use it.”</p>

      <p>In other words, I’m going to try to view these monsters not as individuals, but as a group!<br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Mixed Monster Army</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: ■■</p>

      <p>【Race】: ■■</p>

      <p>【HP】: ■■■■</p>

      <p>【SP】: ■■■■</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: ■■■</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: ■■■</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: ■■■</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: ■■■</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: ■■■</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: ■■■</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: ■■■<br/><br/></p>

      <p>......I did manage to do it, but what the hell is this? All the numbers look like they’re bugged. Can it not display properly since all their values as individuals are different?</p>

      <p>Like this it’s basically impossible to understand their actual strength.</p>

      <p>But I definitely managed to capture them. I felt the response when all the fallen monsters here became my followers. After this, I can just give them the instruction to not attack people without reason and have them return to their homes.</p>

      <p>By the way, I have no intentions of bringing them along with me. It stands out way too much to have this many monsters following me.</p>

      <p>“Now then. Now it’s only you—Aries.”</p>

      <p>I turned my gaze to a spot a little ahead of me......where Aries was standing, staring at me. His expression was the picture of complete surprise. It was the face of someone who didn’t believe what they were seeing.</p>

      <p>Well, it’s not like I couldn’t sympathize. A person who’d been dead for two hundred years just suddenly appeared like nothing happened. Anybody’d want to yell, “Just who do you think you are, coming back after all this time?” But I purposefully pretended I didn’t mind and approached Aries.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Aries? Do you not believe your own eyes? Or do you think We are just someone that happens to look similar?”</p>

      <p>“......Uu......Ahh......!”</p>

      <p>Now then, how will Aries react?</p>

      <p>If he calms down, that’s fine. But if he starts yelling ‘You’re a fake!,’ that’ll be a little troublesome.</p>

      <p>Honestly, I’m not great at using my words to convince anyone. No matter how high my INT stat is, that’s just a measure of memory and not a person’s quick-wittedness or ability to express themself. In other words, I have something very near photographic memory, so once I commit something to memory I’ll never forget it, but it’s not like I can think particularly fast or anything.</p>

      <p>“No...way...... Miss Lufas should...be dead......! As if you’ll...trick me now......!”</p>

      <p>“We aren’t tricking you at all, though.”</p>

      <p>Well, it is true that there is some doubt whether I’m actually Lufas, though. But this body is undoubtedly Lufas’, and her will still resides in it. So, that probably means that I am Lufas Maphaahl. I’ve got no basis for it, but there’s something inside me telling me that.</p>

      <p>So, I will say this with full certainty:</p>

      <p>“We are certainly Lufas Maphaahl. We are not simply a doppelganger nor are we in disguise. We are not an illusion, a ghost, or a dream. If you still don’t believe, then— Let’s see, why not try to verify physically?” I said, cracking my knuckles.</p>

      <p>The most certain proof that Lufas is Lufas. That would be strength.</p>

      <p>For the face, the wings, or even the speech pattern, all of it can be copied and imitated. But this strength was something no one could imitate. I wouldn’t let anyone imitate it.</p>

      <p>I wagged my finger, inviting Aries to try his luck.</p>

      <p>“Come at us, Aries. We will test just how much you’ve grown these two hundred years ourself. And at the same time, We will remind you that the one standing before you right now is none other than ourself.”</p>

      <p>“Oh—UUOOOGGGHHHHH!!!” Aries let out a roar that was filled with fighting spirit, but also sounded like a great cheer.</p>

      <p>Just by him shouting, the air shook, conveying his strength as tingling on my skin.</p>

      <p>I’m definitely no battle junkie. I’ve never even properly fought anyone. I don’t want to, either.</p>

      <p>Ahh, but what is this feeling of excitement?</p>

      <p>It’s unmistakable. Right now, I’m definitely excited. The prospect of finally having a proper ‘fight’ after coming to this world has my heart dancing.</p>

      <p>“OOOOOHHH!”</p>

      <p>Aries used his body’s entire weight and rushed at me.</p>

      <p>Normally, the sight of it would scare me and I would cower. But I actually saw it as charming. It was as if a lost puppy was jumping into its owner’s arms after finding them...... I felt something like that from Aries’ actions.</p>

      <p>Then, there was only one action for me to take.</p>

      <p>“Hm, your desire to be coddled hasn’t changed after two hundred years, huh? Then fine, We shall embrace you.”</p>

      <p>I took flight and stuck out a hand. At the same time, that arm made contact with Aries’ head, and I felt some force pushing back at me.</p>

      <p>A sound like an explosion erupted, and my body was carried backwards.</p>

      <p>As one might expect, without any feet on the ground it was hard to brace oneself, but the air was a heaven-winged’s territory. I spread my wings and flew forward.</p>

      <p>Just that stopped Aries in his tracks, and I even started to push him back as I placed both of my hands on his head.</p>

      <p>“How cute.”</p>

      <p>It was funny. I couldn’t help but see this over-100-meter-tall monster sheep as a spoiled puppy or something. Or maybe something like a grown dog that’s still cute no matter what? At any rate, it seems I can’t bring myself to dislike him at all.</p>

      <p>Still, Aries was huge. It probably couldn’t be helped that our skinship would be a little extreme.</p>

      <p>“Here!!”</p>

      <p>Putting some power into my arms, I lifted Aries up. Like someone lifting up their pet and going, ‘look at how high you are!’ I lifted Aries over my head before tossing him away lightly.</p>

      <p>The huge sheep flew through the air. Aries crashed into the ground, causing the largest earthquake today.</p>

      <p>But it’s not over. It won’t end with just this. Right, Aries?</p>

      <p>“What’s next, Aries? No need to hold back. Come at us with all you have.”</p>

      <p>I invited him to continue, and at the same time, Aries roared something that was hard to make into words.</p>

      <p>All the wool on his body stood on end, and Aries became a flame personified that shone rainbow colors. It was Mesarthim, the skill that made Levia suffer so. And it was Aries’ trump card.</p>

      <p>It would be easy to defend against it but...... Hm, why not try taking it?</p>

      <p>“MeeeEEEEHHH!”</p>

      <p>After becoming a burning personification of fire, Aries charged at me, and this time, I used two hands from the get-go. When we made contact, I could feel the heat on my palms, and a heat like the middle of summer assaulted me.</p>

      <p>Hm, I see. Even taking a flame like this, all I feel is the heat of the middle of summer. I just keep affirming how much of a cheater I am. Still, what’s hot is hot. I’m basically taking no damage, but if this keeps going long enough, even I might suffer from heatstroke or something.</p>

      <p>All right then, let’s have him take some distance.</p>

      <p>“Hup.”</p>

      <p>I once again threw Aries, and he crashed into the ground. With that done, it was my turn.</p>

      <p>Aries was still covered in fire, but to me, it was basically like being in the middle of summer. It wasn’t like that much heat would stop me, and I could move normally. In other words, there was no problem at all.</p>

      <p>“Let’s see...... Why don’t We pet you? It’s been a while.”</p>

      <p>I flew above Aries and ‘pet’ his huge head. As a result, Aries’ head slammed into the ground, and the momentum was even enough for him to bounce back up.</p>

      <p>Next, I turned my attention to his jaw and placed my hand there, causing Aries to fly upwards. After that, I grabbed onto Aries and turned us around, petting his stomach.</p>

      <p>Well, I say pet, but with enough power to cause Aries to slam into the ground back-first, cracking the earth.</p>

      <p>“Now, how about it? Do you still not believe us, Aries?” I asked Aries after he picked himself up.</p>

      <p>He replied in a low groan. “U- uuuu- urgh......”</p>

      <p><em>Maybe I need to play with him some more?</em> I thought, but that was when I was hit with a surprise attack.</p>

      <p>Unexpectedly, Aries suddenly became a tiny person and jumped into my chest.</p>

      <p>“WWAAAAAAHHHHHH! I’m so sorryyyyyy, Miss Lufaaasssss!!”</p>

      <p>Aries(?) grabbed onto me, crying, while I was stiff with surprise.</p>

      <p>He was much shorter than me, most likely around 155~160cm tall. His long hair reached down to his waist, and it was colored...... What the hell? The color changes depending on where I’m looking from. Is that a thing? Aries’ limbs were thin, and his body was covered in a white robe.</p>

      <p>No, actually, I get the feeling that when Aries transformed into a human he was naked for a second, but Dina instantly teleported behind Aries and put a robe on him?</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>