<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_6">
    <div class="main">
      <p>The soldiers’ excitement bubbled over at the sight of this lone transcendent figure appearing as if to paint over this entire situation.</p>

      <p>“Ohh! Megrez! Megrez has come!”</p>

      <p>“Great Megrez, the Wise King! And the guardian deity Levia! Ohh, we’re saved!”</p>

      <p>“Hahahaha! Look! The monsters are like trash!”</p>

      <p>The monsters were being chewed apart by Levia one after the other, and their numbers were dwindling in the blink of an eye. It was exactly as if a dragon were fighting some ants.</p>

      <p>Unable to do anything in the face of Levia’s gigantic body, the monsters could only be killed one-sidedly. No. Even if the monsters were able to do something, it still wouldn’t have been much of a threat at this point. There was an insurmountable gap in levels between Levia and the monsters, so even if an attack were to land, it would effectively do nothing.</p>

      <p>However, the people, elated over the appearance of the guardian deity, didn’t notice.</p>

      <p>Levia was the country’s last line of defense, and the fact that it had to act signified just how far their backs were up against the wall.</p>

      <p>No one knew......of the fact that this was their last resort.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>......Wow, I’ve got nothing to do?</p>

      <p>Dina and I somehow managed to make it to the border in time, but the fight was already reaching the climax. At the moment, I was standing on the platform I was making float with my ESP, looking down at the battle that was happening.</p>

      <p>Levia was scary as hell...... That was my honest impression.</p>

      <p>Even considering the fact that the monster army’s quality was low, the water dragon’s actions were overwhelming, to say the least. Just being huge like that was a weapon, and a strength, in itself. The enemy couldn’t hope to shave away at a mass of water that large, and cutting it and piercing it didn’t mean anything, either.</p>

      <p>On top of that, Megrez was constantly healing and casting support magic on Levia, so the gap was only getting bigger. Golems couldn’t be repaired by anything other than the Alchemist’s skill. On the other hand, that also meant that they could be repaired as long as the Alchemist was there. Levia was going on a rampage while having its 180k HP constantly replenished. The sight of that was a masterpiece unto itself.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, looks like you won’t have anything to do, Miss Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed, We can only commend them.”</p>

      <p>On the monsters’ side, even the strongest was only around level 50. Put bluntly, the entire army was just a group of small-fry. Like that, there was no way for anyone to stand up to Levia, who was level 500. Aries must have prized quantity over quality, as all the monsters that made up his army were common in the game. In other words, they were all of races that propagated like rabbits but weren’t individually all that strong.</p>

      <p>Like this, Levia might actually win, even if Aries does show himself. There was a difference in their levels, but Aries’ stats aren’t that great in the first place, while on the other hand, Levia’s got one foot in boss status. It’s got no feet, though. But Levia also had the complete support of its creator, and more than anything, the water dragon had the leverage of their compatibility to each other.</p>

      <p>......Aries’ element is fire, right? And it looks like Megrez’s made preparations for him, too. This might actually be checkmate already.</p>

      <p>Hm, I probably won’t be able to, but I guess I should at least try to check Megrez’s stats.</p>

      <p>The skill “Observing Eye” would only display stats if I was double the target’s level or more. Anything over that and all I’d get was the name and level. And it doesn’t need to be said what happened if we were the same level or he was stronger.</p>

      <p>That’s why I know that I won’t see anything even if I try to turn the skill on Megrez but...... Well, just in case.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Megrez</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 500</p>

      <p>【Race】: Elf</p>

      <p>【Class Levels】</p>

      <p>・Mage: 100</p>

      <p>・Sorcerer: 100</p>

      <p>・Acolyte: 100</p>

      <p>・Seeker: 100</p>

      <p>・Alchemist: 100</p>

      <p>【HP】: 29500</p>

      <p>【SP】: 9400</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 980</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 1250</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 1028</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 5720</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 723</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 4290</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 1311</p>

      <p>【BAD STATUS】 Lower Half Paralyzed</p>

      <p>【BAD STATUS】 Mark of the Vanquished<br/><br/></p>

      <p>......Huh? It totally let me see everything.</p>

      <p>Wait, isn’t Megrez totally weak right now? And he’s got some weird status conditions on him, too. Like, what the hell is the Mark of the Vanquished? I do get the whole lower half paralyzed thing, though.</p>

      <p>“Dina.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, what is it?”</p>

      <p>“It looks like Megrez has some weird thing called ‘Mark of the Vanquished’ on him...... We don’t know of it. What is it?”</p>

      <p>Whenever I’m in trouble, I just ask Dina. That’s the first and easiest method I’ve learned since coming to this world. I’m really thankful for having someone right by me that has all the knowledge that I’ve missed over the last two hundred years.</p>

      <p>If Dina didn’t know anything, that would mean it wasn’t a problem of me missing the last two hundred years, and just knowing that was a relief.</p>

      <p>“Ah, so that condition does exist. That means the rumors were true.”</p>

      <p>“Rumors?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I should have already told you about how the Seven Heroes were defeated by the devil king, but to tell you the truth, there’s been rumors that the heroes were cursed by the devil king after their defeat.”</p>

      <p>Cursed, huh? That must really be annoying.</p>

      <p>“I think I remember hearing from somewhere that it’s the curse’s fault that they can only bring out half their original strength. That’s why, if the curse is real, Levia really is their last line of defense.”</p>

      <p>“......It looks like on top of having his levels halved, he’s lost several classes.”</p>

      <p>“Woah! That’s pretty mean...... Doesn’t that mean he’ll never be able to make a golem of that level again?”</p>

      <p>If Megrez’s weakening was all thanks to that ‘Mark of the Vanquished,’ then it was an incredibly fearsome curse. I shuddered in fear.</p>

      <p>First, the level. Clearly, it’s been halved. On top of that, his stats have also probably been halved. There’s no way in hell Megrez’s INT would ever be lower than mine since he should be specialized in magic and other back line roles.</p>

      <p>And to have half his classes disappear, too? That should be a joke, but it isn’t. He should have had the Esper and Archer classes, among others, but I don’t see them anywhere.</p>

      <p>That Mark of the Vanquished is way too scary......</p>

      <p>“Oh? Miss Lufas. Look there; it seems he’s appeared.”</p>

      <p>“......! Aries?”</p>

      <p>The sense of pressure was so clear I could feel it on my skin. It was the feeling of his presence.</p>

      <p>Having felt that, I looked towards him.</p>

      <p>Even though he was a ways away, his wool stood out with its rainbow colors that changed depending on the angle you were looking from. Along with his huge body that easily cleared 100m in height, he was sporting a downright baleful expression along with a pair of cold, angry eyes.</p>

      <p>The form of this huge sheep monster made the game’s cute chibi characters seem like a lie.</p>

      <p>—Aries, one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars.</p>

      <p>The monster that used to be my follower approached Svel while causing earthquakes.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>The huge sheep shook the earth as it walked.</p>

      <p>The giant dragon raised a cry and tried to intimidate it.</p>

      <p>Both of them were monsters beyond human ken, living proof of the Age of Heroes, and also monsters, that no human today could stand up against. The strongest golem that Megrez created before receiving his curse, Levia. And one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars that used to be under Lufas, Aries the Ram. Those two giants, who could sap someone’s will to fight just by being their opponent, faced off against each other while slowly approaching, creeping closer to each other’s range.</p>

      <p>Gantz and the others could no longer do anything other than watch events unfold.</p>

      <p>“GRRROOOAAAHHHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>“MEEEEEeeeEEEEEEHH!!!”</p>

      <p>They roared. Just that action caused violent winds to break out and froze people on the spot.</p>

      <p>Probably the only ones who didn’t wither in the face of Aries’ roar would be someone of Megrez’s level. And even for him, a drop of sweat could be seen, sparkling as it rolled down his cheek, giving away that he was just barely holding on.</p>

      <p>Megrez was fully aware that he was far from his best condition. Levia was his masterpiece that he made back in his prime. It was actually stronger than Megrez himself right now. That meant that if Levia were to be destroyed, he’d never be able to replace it.</p>

      <p>If that were to happen, even if they got through this battle, it would mean the death of the country anyway, having lost the cornerstone of their defense. Levia was a deterrent that Megrez really didn’t want to move if he could help it. The golem acted as a restraint, giving others the impression that they shouldn’t foolishly attack since they had a guardian deity. That was Levia’s role.</p>

      <p>In other words, losing Levia equaled the loss of the country.</p>

      <p>Megrez had to somehow keep Levia alive and claim victory over that monster.</p>

      <p>“......Go!”</p>

      <p>Victory to those who act first!</p>

      <p>Megrez gave his orders to Levia, and it flew at Aries.</p>

      <p>The two monsters’ elements were water and fire. If they were to clash straight on, Levia would have the advantage.</p>

      <p>Levia’s fangs sunk into Aries, but Aries didn’t seem affected. The wool covering Aries’ body must have interfered, as almost no damage went through.</p>

      <p>“Guarrgh!”</p>

      <p>In return, Aries also bit into Levia.</p>

      <p>But Levia’s body was made of water. Physical attacks held almost no meaning. Levia’s body, torn apart by Aries’ bite, reconnected as if nothing had happened, and the two of them took their distance and went back to glaring at each other.</p>

      <p>“......Mehh,” Aries cried, and his eyes, filled with rage and madness, glinted.</p>

      <p>In a flash, Aries opened his mouth and shot out a line of powerful fire from the opening.</p>

      <p>The target was......Svel! Just now, Aries ignored his opponent, Levia, and tried to destroy Megrez directly.</p>

      <p>The flames, which melted the ground itself along their path, were intercepted by Levia as it put itself in the way.</p>

      <p>Was that attack really because Aries was ignoring Levia? Or was it intended to make Levia put itself in the way? ......Either way, if this went on, Levia would no longer be able to move.</p>

      <p>However, Levia was still Svel’s guardian deity. Even though it doesn’t come near a real god like Alovenus, or even the kin that she spawned, the “true dragons,” Levia was still undoubtedly a witness to the Age of Legends.</p>

      <p>There were seven elements in this world. Of those, Alovenus presided over two, and she spawned five dragons to preside over the other five. Levia was made as a guardian deity imitating those dragons.</p>

      <p>In other words, Levia was nothing but an imitation of those gods, a replica. However, even as a replica, its power was real.</p>

      <p>Levia morphed its ever-changing body, letting loose a wave of water spears.</p>

      <p>Even though Aries managed to evade the sudden attack, Megrez made his move, aiming for that gap.</p>

      <p>“Tidal Wave!!”</p>

      <p>He unleashed a high tier water element spell, one that unleashed a tsunami. In that space that should have been empty, suddenly, it was as if the entire area was an ocean as a giant wave that threatened to engulf even Aries’ huge body appeared.</p>

      <p>Magic was the act of changing the mana in the atmosphere into something else. All it did was fake events and phenomena that would disappear once the magic was over, but while it was happening, the event was definitely real enough. That was why ridiculous things like ‘making a tsunami appear out of thin air’ were possible.</p>

      <p>“Mehh!”</p>

      <p>However, just when the wave seemed about to hit, Aries jumped.</p>

      <p>The jump caved in the earth under Aries and caused a huge shake that even knocked Gantz to the ground as Aries flew up 100 meters into the air.</p>

      <p>“Wha......! It jumped with that huge body?!”</p>

      <p>One of the mercenaries expressed his shock, but Megrez wasn’t moved. He knew......he knew from the onset that Aries would easily get past a trick like that.</p>

      <p>After all, he was one of the Twelve Stars that Lufas herself recognized. Something like common sense was no deterrent to them. They were a group that would easily stomp over even divine providence. That was why they were named the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars.</p>

      <p>However, the next moment, Aries did something that even Megrez couldn’t anticipate.</p>

      <p>Of all things, Aries blasted fire out of the ends of his hooves and accelerated through the air. His target, as before, was Svel! Levia couldn’t dodge since it needed to protect Svel and all the people living there, so it had no choice but to use its body to block Aries’ attack.</p>

      <p>—They clashed.</p>

      <p>Right away, Megrez put up a defense barrier, protecting himself and the city.</p>

      <p>If Megrez was even a little late with that reaction, the two monsters would have crashed into them with all their weight, and everyone in the vicinity would probably have been squished under them. As if to prove that prediction, just the aftershocks of those two huge bodies colliding threatened to destroy the capital. However, a straight clash would see Levia with the advantage. Even though there was a gap in levels, it wasn’t insurmountable with the advantage in elements.</p>

      <p>Or so Megrez thought, but his opinion was quickly proven too optimistic.</p>

      <p>Something occurred within the rainbow wool that covered Aries’ body. The wool stood as if it was being burned— No, it was, in fact, being burned. All the wool around his body burst into rainbow-colored flames, turning Aries into a ball of fire.</p>

      <p>“Mesarthim.”</p>

      <p>It was a skill that turned one’s entire body into fire, allowing them to apply continuous damage to the enemy through simple contact. It was one of the skills once given to Aries by Lufas. A memento of his comrade who was betrayed long ago.</p>

      <p>Seeing the skill bare its fangs, Megrez felt irritated.</p>

      <p>“......How annoying.”</p>

      <p>Megrez immediately turned all his attention to maintaining the barrier and defending the city and his troops. He was forced to do so because if he didn’t, just the waste heat from the skill would cause those around not of a high enough level to evaporate.</p>

      <p>Of course, the capital would burn as well.</p>

      <p>However, that also meant that Megrez could no longer take any other action. If he were to undo his defense, although he might be fine, the people behind him would all die. If he were to let up on the barrier even a little to attack, someone would burn and die.</p>

      <p>Megrez had no other choice.</p>

      <p>“Kssshhaaaahhh!!”</p>

      <p>“MEEEeeeeehh!!!”</p>

      <p>The two giant beasts once again clashed.</p>

      <p>They shook the earth, caused wind to blow, and continued to crash into each other along with their tremendously oppressive presences. Just by moving, the two of them caused the ground to fissure. If one fell, it would cause nearby mountains to crumble, and just the shockwaves would break trees in half.</p>

      <p>Like that, the two continued to crash into each other. However, Levia slowly started to look like it was coming out ahead.</p>

      <p>Their elements were fire and water...... Looking at that relationship alone, Levia was completely on top. Of course, that was exactly why it could fight evenly even with a 300 level difference.</p>

      <p>Levia’s charge blew Aries back, causing him to fly back in an arc and crash into the ground. Once again, the ground fissured. And it shook.</p>

      <p>Right away, Aries got up, but the damage definitely remained.</p>

      <p>It was working. Aries was definitely being worn down.</p>

      <p>“We- We can do it! We can do it, Sir Megrez!”</p>

      <p>“We can win! We’re going to win this fight!”</p>

      <p>“All hail the Wise King! All hail the great guardian deity, Levia!”</p>

      <p>Behind Megrez, the soldiers were all cheering. However, none of them noticed. They were the ones that were really in trouble.</p>

      <p>Megrez frowned, desperately holding back all the insults and complaints he wanted to yell.</p>

      <p><em>......This is bad...... He’s evaporating the very water that makes up Levia’s body! Now I can’t repair it......!</em></p>

      <p>Alchemists could use their skills to repair, or heal, their golems. However, that repair was impossible thanks to the water making up Levia’s body itself being changed. There’s no getting back what’s gone! And on top of that, water made from magic couldn’t be used in alchemy, either.</p>

      <p>Water and fire born from mana weren’t natural. They were just phenomena born from burning the mana in the air or transforming it in some other way, and once the spell was over, the mana returned to how it once was.</p>

      <p>In other words, mana was an all-purpose energy that could become anything in creation. That was what magic engines used as fuel, and it only worked because it burned the mana as energy and discarded it. However, alchemy needed to use at least semipermanent materials, so magic that disappeared immediately had no use. Even if Megrez were to make a water golem out of water made from magic, it would just immediately disappear back into mana.</p>

      <p>At the moment, the fight seemed even.</p>

      <p>However, the one actually with their back to the ropes was the kingdom of Svel. Even if they managed to win this time, if the war were to persist, Levia would only continue to be weakened and become unable to weather the next fight.</p>

      <p>But, even knowing that, there was no other choice but to keep relying on Levia!</p>

      <p><em>......Forgive me...... Levia......!</em> While apologizing in his heart to his masterpiece that had to be used roughly, Megrez once again ordered Levia to charge.</p>

      <p>Will Aries fall first? Or will Levia disappear......?</p>

      <p>With no choice other than to bet on awful odds, at this moment, Megrez was having the most bitter experience out of everyone there.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“What do you think of this fight, Miss Lufas?”</p>

      <p>“......If it’s just this fight, then it’s Levia’s win. However......” I replied with my own prediction to Dina’s question.</p>

      <p>At the moment, Levia had the advantage.</p>

      <p>The relationship of their elements was really big. Unfortunately, I couldn’t see Aries’ HP or SP thanks to his level of 800, but I could tell that he was taking damage. I did give Aries a recovery skill just in case, but most likely, it wasn’t catching up.</p>

      <p>That’s why, if this fight were to continue, Levia would win.</p>

      <p>......However......<br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Guardian Deity Levia</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 500</p>

      <p>【Race】: Artificial Life Form</p>

      <p>【HP】: 103567/103567<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“But in the end, Levia is the one who’ll lose.”</p>

      <p>Levia’s max HP itself was getting shaved away.</p>

      <p>That Aries, what a thing to do. He was evaporating the water that made up Levia’s body to weaken it so that he could have the advantage later. In other words, it wasn’t a strategy to win in the moment, but one that looked forward to battles later on! He was allowing his opponent to win right now in order to certainly take victory later.</p>

      <p>At a glance, Aries looks like he’s in the depths of madness, but......he’s actually pretty calm, isn’t he?</p>

      <p>“I see......in other words...”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Aries never intended to win this fight from the start. He forced Levia to move by making it seem like the final battle and planned to weaken it.”</p>

      <p>I thought it was strange. Even though power levels were supposed to have weakened in these past two hundred years, the monsters were still clearly too weak.</p>

      <p>However, I understood after watching Aries fight. They were expendable bait, ready to be exterminated. They were just there to lure out Levia. It was all Aries’ plan after having decided that it would be impossible to defeat Levia in just one fight.</p>

      <p>“Aries should already be fighting while planning his escape. And neither Megrez nor Levia will chase too far.”</p>

      <p>“They’re the guardians of this country, after all...... They’re pretty smart, so I bet Megrez is thinking, ‘This could be a trap, and more monsters will come while we’re away.’ So there’s no way he’ll give chase.”</p>

      <p>“......That Aries, he’s gotten quite cunning over the years.”</p>

      <p>“You were the one who taught him to fight that way in the first place, Miss Lufas.”</p>

      <p>As Dina pointed out, I was probably the one who taught Aries all those tricks. In truth, I did make him fight real sneaky like that in the game in order to help make up for his low stats. But......even I don’t remember teaching him anything like how to jump in such a huge body. He probably just grew. I don’t know if I should be happy about it or not, though.</p>

      <p>Anyway, it’s finally reached the point where I can’t just sit and watch any longer. I couldn’t expose myself to so many people either, though, so I couldn’t appear in front of Aries as ‘Lufas’ just yet. Or rather, if I did, in the worst case, I’d get attacked by Levia from behind. However, I can force Aries to retreat easily enough.</p>

      <p>“We’re going, Dina. Hang on tight.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? No way. Are you going to jump down from here?”</p>

      <p>“What else is there to do?”</p>

      <p>As soon as I said that, I jumped off. My wings were still stuffed inside my robe, so of course, I wasn’t able to fly, but I wasn’t planning to anyway. I allowed gravity to accelerate me and added ESP on top of that to turn myself into a cannonball.</p>

      <p>My target was Aries, who was clashing with Levia! Specifically, his head!</p>

      <p>“HYOWHAAAAAAAHHHH~?!”</p>

      <p>“We don’t enjoy the idea of kicking a loyal subject, but......apologies, Aries! Unfortunately, We don’t wish for anything like revenge, and We have no recollection of asking you to do this, either! Cool your jets, you fool!”</p>

      <p>Ignoring Dina, who was clinging onto me while screaming, I charged at Aries.</p>

      <p>I didn’t use any skills whatsoever. In the first place, since I had gotten to level 100 in both the Grappler and Champion classes, my barehanded attacks were now permanently damage-boosted. In other words, I had passives. That’s why I didn’t need any half-baked attack skills right now. My physical attacks that I’ve leveled up—in other words, my regular attacks—would work just fine.</p>

      <p>......No, just in case, I should activate the Warrior skill “Blunted-Sword Strike.” It’s a mercy skill that forces the next attack made after the skill is used to never reduce the opponent’s HP to 0. The fun thing about this skill is that even though the skill is named “Blunted-Sword Strike,” it still works with weapons that don’t have a blade or even with one’s bare hands.</p>

      <p>It makes you think, wouldn’t the name “Hold Back” or something be more appropriate?</p>

      <p>“—?!”</p>

      <p>Aries noticed me, but it was already too late. Having accelerated more than enough, my kick connected, burying my foot in Aries’ head, blowing him and his giant over-100-meter-tall body back.</p>

      <p>After crushing several mountains, rolling over several times, and then crushing several more mountains in his way, Aries finally stopped, having been blasted back around a kilometer.</p>

      <p>And I noticed Megrez and the others turn their shocked gazes towards Dina and I as we landed.</p>

      <p>“Looks like you’re having a hard time, Wise King. It must be some sort of fate that We visited at this time...... We shall lend you a hand.”</p>

      <p>“Y-you’re...Dina and Sfalu?!”</p>

      <p>“Ohh, Gantz. It’s great to see you alive.”</p>

      <p>“Hawmowkneefree...”</p>

      <p>“......Dina’s not looking okay back there, you know?”</p>

      <p>For now, I breathed a sigh of relief, having been able to confirm Gantz’s safety up close. I already knew since I was watching from afar, though. He had wounds on his shoulder and leg, but at that level they’d probably heal without a scratch.</p>

      <p>Megrez was......looking at us suspiciously.</p>

      <p>Well, that’s a matter of course, I guess. Someone as suspicious as me wearing a red mantle just suddenly fell out of the sky and kicked away one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars. He almost certainly knows I’m someone from two hundred years ago. But it’s not too much of a problem right now. I already planned to show myself to Megrez anyway, so the important thing was just to not expose myself too much to anyone else.</p>

      <p>“That power...... Just what are you......?”</p>

      <p>“We shall answer that question at a later date, Wise King. However, there are too many eyes upon us now...... We have our own circumstances as well. Understand that We cannot reveal that just yet.”</p>

      <p>“ —?! That way of speaking...... And that voice...... No, it can’t be...... There’s no way......!”</p>

      <p>Oh? Just what I’d expect out of Megrez; he figured it out just from that.</p>

      <p>As for my way of speaking, well, I’d prefer it if you didn’t pay so much attention to that. No matter how much I try to fix it, this pattern just comes out like I’ve been using it for years and years. I’ve given up on doing something about it already. If I concentrate, I can loosen up my speech a little but really only a little.</p>

      <p>Leaving Megrez where he was, I lightly kicked off the ground, closing the distance with Aries. I used a Strider skill to instantly reduce my distance from my opponent to 0, “Blink.” The class comboed really well with Grapplers, so there were a lot of players who took both the Grappler and Strider classes. I was one of those.</p>

      <p>“Ghh, urgh...... Just what are you......!”</p>

      <p>Ah, he spoke. What the hell, Aries? You can totally speak! You’ve only been going “Meehh~” for a while now, so I totally thought you couldn’t speak.</p>

      <p>But man, seeing you like this is as awesome as always. Even though you were smaller than me when we first met, you’ve grown a lot.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, but We can’t answer that question for you now. There are elves among those soldiers...... If We say something We shouldn’t it’ll spread among them immediately. So, I will simply give you a single ‘order’ for now.”</p>

      <p>“—Turn back.”</p>

      <p>I turned back on my Pressure, which I’d kept off this whole time. Of course, it wouldn’t render Aries immobile, but it should go some way to revealing my identity to him. Even if he doesn’t figure it out, it should at least get him to figure out that I’m not someone he can win against with how wounded he is right now.</p>

      <p>“—! Th-this pressure......! It can’t be, you...... No, you’re......?!”</p>

      <p>“Now is not the time to answer that. However, We will say this: We will surely give you the answer you desire.”</p>

      <p>“......!”</p>

      <p>The madness disappeared from Aries’ eyes.</p>

      <p>It seems he did realize my identity. However, from what I can tell, he’s still half in doubt and half wanting to believe.</p>

      <p>He turned his back to me and slowly started to leave while causing the ground to shake. Every once in a while he’d turn back to look at me, which was so like Aries in the past I couldn’t help but laugh.</p>

      <p>......Hm? Aries? The past? Did I just start thinking like Lufas instead of me......? Well, whatever.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>It was a memory from days long past, already in the realm of nostalgia. From before Megrez was hailed as the Wise King. Back when he was still immature and reckless but an adventurer burning with dreams.</p>

      <p>Back then, almost all elves still stayed cooped up in their forests, and it was rare for one to travel the outside world like him. He was a strange one to his race, an oddball, an eccentric. Megrez remembered a lot of those insults being thrown his way. However, he didn’t mind, and more than that, he was enjoying traveling the wide world on his own two feet. He met many people, parted with them, and then met more in the next town.</p>

      <p>Just like that, Megrez traveled around the world.</p>

      <p>It was around then when he met Lufas.</p>

      <p>—Back then, every day was fun.</p>

      <p>“This is what I think: Elves all coop themselves up in their forests too much. They should experience more of what this wide world has to offer. They need to turn their eyes outside.”</p>

      <p>Megrez told his friends his dream as they all sat at the same table in a dingy bar. It definitely wasn’t a good bar, and the alcohol they offered was, likewise, of the same quality. However, everyone was there. Friends that were gone now. Even Lufas, who he cut ties with, was there. Back then, everyone was with him, and they all laughed together.</p>

      <p>“That’s why, someday, I want to make a country where elves can live proudly. Not in the back of some small forest, but in a more gorgeous urban place. I want to prove that elves can make it in a country like that.”</p>

      <p>“Oohh! You sure dream big!”</p>

      <p>“Hahaha! You talk pretty big, too, don’tcha? That’s right! Men have to have big dreams!”</p>

      <p>After that, the Blacksmith King and the Sword King joined in on the laughter, which brought everyone else in, too.</p>

      <p>Next, Lufas stood up and declared proudly with her booze in hand:</p>

      <p>“That’s too naive, Megrez! If your dream is to found a country, then mine is to conquer the world! I’ll make a paradise with my own hands! One where nobody has to be afraid of devilfolk!”</p>

      <p>The table boiled over with excitement in a flash. Her dream, which was too big to even be called a dream, caused everyone to do a spit take.</p>

      <p>In response, Lufas’ face reddened, and her voice started to raise.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What’s so funny?! I’ll tell you now, I’m serious! I’ll make you eat your laughter someday!”</p>

      <p>“GYAAAHAHAHAHA! Conquering the world is too much, even for you! If you really manage it, I’ll eat pasta through my nose!”</p>

      <p>“All right, you said it, Alioth! It’s a deal! No going back; if I conquer the world, you’re definitely eating pasta through your nose! Hey, come on! Don’t you laugh, too, Megrez!”</p>

      <p>It was so fun back then. Everyone talked about their dreams, which were half delusions, something they weren’t even sure they could achieve. They laughed together, and although sometimes they played pranks and fought, they’d always make up and laugh about it.</p>

      <p>But—unfortunately, they had the power to make the boy’s dreams a reality. And once it became real, everything started to go wrong a little at a time.</p>

      <p><em>Just where did it start?</em></p>

      <p><em>I...... We... Just where did we step down the wrong path......</em></p>

      <p><em>Lufas, if it was you, would you know the answer......?</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>The fight with Aries ended, and I was immediately invited to the Nobles district by Megrez.</p>

      <p>Each of the four bridges that led to the center were constantly guarded by over one hundred soldiers, and it didn’t seem like they moved, even during that whole fuss.</p>

      <p>I see. So while the border guards and the mercenaries with Gantz were buying time, they were planning on concentrating their might here to try a counterattack.</p>

      <p>It’s true that this Nobles district is the center of the country with its castle, as well as its heart. It’s the place they can least afford to be destroyed. However, that also meant leaving Gantz and the others who fought so hard to die, so I can’t really praise that behavior. Like this, there would have been no point to the deaths of all those people who sacrificed themselves believing help was coming.</p>

      <p>......Well, I may have my own opinions, but everybody has their own way of doing things. It’s not my place to step in.</p>

      <p>Still, I suppose I should have expected this out of the Nobles district. It’s really pretty. This country itself was pretty well developed and designed. The Nobles district just completed the picture. There was not a single shabby looking house, and everything was basically a mansion. Even the people walking the streets were wearing fancy clothes like they were going to a ball, and they acted elegantly and fearlessly, as if they didn’t even know about the battle at the border.</p>

      <p>Well, on the point of clothing, I don’t really have the grounds to comment. Under my robe is the usual dress, too.</p>

      <p>......Let’s make something more normal to wear with alchemy eventually.</p>

      <p>The castle was also very well designed. It’s hard to explain, but...... Let’s see, it’s like if they took France’s Chambord Castle and just made it a size bigger, I guess. The main coloring was centered around a mixture of blues, and the combination of white and blue was really beautiful.</p>

      <p>As I passed through the castle gates, the soldiers there looked at me dubiously, but I ignored them and followed after Megrez.</p>

      <p>“Ohh, Sir Megrez! I was worried!”</p>

      <p>“I was so worried about what would happen to you when you went out by yourself...... Oh, I’m so glad you’re all right!”</p>

      <p>When we entered the castle proper, a group of well-fed men dressed in uselessly extravagant clothing came to meet Megrez. My instant impression upon seeing them was ‘orcs wearing clothes,’ but I admonished myself for how rude that was. Well, they say obesity is a sign of wealth, so I guess it’s not totally bad. More importantly, it’s wrong to judge people based on their appearances.</p>

      <p>“However, I’m loath to say this, but you should be more aware of yourself, Sir Megrez. You and Levia are irreplaceable treasures to this country.”</p>

      <p>“That’s right. You are several times more precious than anyone in that Trade district.”</p>

      <p>......Ah, crap. I already want to take back what I just thought. These guys sound like they’re worrying about Megrez, but I can’t feel any actual emotion in it. All I can feel is a sense of relief that they themselves were saved. This is basically that kind of thing...... You can translate it to something like, ‘You and Levia, who protect us, are way more important than other people.’</p>

      <p>“Truly, it’s great that you’re safe.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. This means the country is still safe. Hahahah!”</p>

      <p>Those orcs in clothing were saying whatever they liked, but Megrez just ignored them and passed through. Dina and I followed, and eventually, we left through the opposite side of the castle and came to a separate mansion.</p>

      <p>I see, so Megrez doesn’t live in the castle, but in a separate place like this. Certainly, this way it’s much quieter since he won’t be constantly in the middle of all the bustle in the castle.</p>

      <p>......Hm? But then, wouldn’t it have been fine to go around the castle instead of through it?</p>

      <p>“How was it? Awful, right? Those were this country’s elite, meant to protect the people. But all they have in their heads is their own safety and the favor of those above them.”</p>

      <p>“......So you wanted us to see that.”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Since it’s you, I wanted you to see the proof of my mistakes.”</p>

      <p>I want to tell him not to cut through the castle just to show me something like that, but I’ll hold back on that.</p>

      <p>As we entered the mansion, a butler-like person tried to take off my mantle, but I refused. The butler seemed disappointed by that, but still proceeded to hand Megrez a pair of crutches, after which he took the now-empty wheelchair somewhere else.</p>

      <p>Then, I was shown to a noticeably fancier room which seemed to be for receiving guests.</p>

      <p>“We’ve come this far; it should be good enough. There’s no one here other than me and no prying eyes, either. ......Would you show me your face?”</p>

      <p>“All right.”</p>

      <p>Urged on by Megrez, I undid the clasp on my outer cloak, took off the attached hood, and quite literally spread my wings.</p>

      <p>As for the feeling of release and finally being free to move my wings, it’s hard to describe. Actually, I’ve been feeling constrained and squeezed this entire time. I’ll probably cramp up if I don’t let my wings free every once in a while.</p>

      <p>“......It really was you......Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. It’s been a while, Megrez, old friend.”</p>

      <p>Now then, this means one of my objectives has been achieved. Now I just need to know if this guy’s a player like me inside......</p>

      <p>Of course, I’d like it if he’s the same. Someone also from Japan, who for some reason is possessing their avatar and is a comrade in the same position as me.</p>

      <p>But......yeah, it’s different. He’s different.</p>

      <p>I understood already. I was made to understand. If he were the same inside, he wouldn’t be looking at me like that. The feelings showing through Megrez’s eyes......were fear and regret. As if he was trying to apologize to me. They were pitiful eyes, like the sort a child would give to their parent after having done something bad.</p>

      <p>If he was a player, he’d have no reason to fear me. There wasn’t a single reason to regret what he did to me if he was. That fight was started with consent from all sides, and he would know that it wasn’t anything near a betrayal. If he truly was afraid and regretful of that fight, then that meant he was a resident of this world.</p>

      <p>I see...... So you’re the same. You, too, are a resident of this world, Megrez.</p>

      <p>“......So, even you look at us like that...”</p>

      <p>So, I guess I’m still alone in this world, in the end. That’s just a little......no, really disappointing.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“......So, even you look at us like that...”</p>

      <p>That was the lonely, quiet utterance that escaped Lufas’ mouth.</p>

      <p>And Megrez reflexively looked away. His inner fears and regrets were seen through in an instant. And as it was pointed out to him once again, he lost his ability to speak.</p>

      <p>“You are...not the Megrez that We know.”</p>

      <p>“......People change, Lufas. As time passes, they grow stronger or, possibly, weaker. ......I became weak......not just in body but in heart as well.”</p>

      <p><em>Back then, it was different.</em></p>

      <p><em>Two hundred years ago, it was different.</em></p>

      <p><em>Lufas, enthusiastic and vigorous, flew all around the world with our friends and took part in countless reckless adventures.</em></p>

      <p><em>We chased dreams, ideals, and ambitions, living like we were running so fast we were almost falling forward.</em></p>

      <p><em>But the present is different. I’ve grown a lot of shackles now. This heart no longer has the hopes and ideals it used to and now is filled only with resignation and regret.</em></p>

      <p>“Say, Lufas, why is it you only revived now? Was it to come laugh at what we’ve become?”</p>

      <p>“Who knows? If you ask why, We can only answer that it was coincidence. Some fools tried to summon a hero and called us here instead. That’s all.”</p>

      <p>Megrez knew that he himself was afraid of being blamed by Lufas. However, he also, somewhere in his heart, wanted to be blamed.</p>

      <p>Two hundred years ago, Megrez and the others rebelled against Lufas’ rule and defeated her. They believed that was the correct thing to do.</p>

      <p>However, once they’d actually accomplished that, humanity dispersed in a flash, lost all their unity, and were, as a consequence, trampled over by the devilfolk. And the country that Megrez made became led by the kind of individuals who made light of the lives of their people.</p>

      <p>As it was, Megrez couldn’t tell who was right anymore. He had even started to believe that it would have been better for Lufas to have stayed in power. Megrez thought that, in the end, all that he and the others managed to accomplish was to senselessly betray their friend, kill her, and drive the world to the point of despair.</p>

      <p><em>Just what about that makes me a hero? ......Wise king, what a joke.</em></p>

      <p><em>Like this......like this, we’re just war criminals, aren’t we......?</em></p>

      <p>“I saw this country’s library.”</p>

      <p>“............”</p>

      <p>“There sure were a lot of books criticizing the Seven Heroes. It’s unthinkable for a country where its hero is still alive and protecting it. ......Was that your doing?”</p>

      <p>Megrez couldn’t respond. However, sometimes silence speaks more than anything. The fact that Megrez couldn’t respond—that just meant that Lufas’ words were correct.</p>

      <p>“It seems like you, too, have a lot to bear. Rather than praise, you want admonishment. More than respect, it seems you desire contempt.”</p>

      <p>“......That’s...”</p>

      <p>“You can’t stand the envy and respect of everyone around you, no? You’re about to be crushed under your own self-hate, but thanks to your position, you can’t even complain about your regrets, and their reverence has become a blade sharper than anything else......is that right?”</p>

      <p>Once again, Megrez found himself unable to answer. Because Lufas hit the nail spot-on, he couldn’t say anything.</p>

      <p><em>It’s funny.</em></p>

      <p><em>While I, the victor, am filled with regret and fear, she, who lost, is just as bold as she was two hundred years ago.</em></p>

      <p><em>Like this, it’s hard to tell just who won that fight.</em></p>

      <p>“While you may no longer be the adventurer Megrez that We knew, that difficult part of you never changes, it seems. You won; feel proud. You should be more confident knowing that you defeated such a strong enemy. But instead, We find you here, feeling embarrassed of your victory, fearful, and regretful. ......Say, Megrez. If the victor is embarrassed by their victory, just what should the loser do then?” Lufas said, before once again donning her cloak.</p>

      <p>Her pitch-black wings were once again hidden, and her beauty disappeared under the hood.</p>

      <p>Simply not being able to see her expression caused Megrez unease.</p>

      <p><em>She might be exasperated. She might be disappointed.</em></p>

      <p><em>She might even be sneering at me behind that hood because I’m in such a sorry state after winning.</em></p>

      <p>To Megrez, that possibility brought more fear than anything.</p>

      <p>“You have nothing to be embarrassed about. Some people who don’t know anything might claim after the fact that ‘That was a mistake’ or, ‘They should have done this,’ as if their thinking is correct, but in the end, nothing will grow from being concerned about that. Insults like that, made from a completely safe place where they’re guaranteed to be safe from a counterattack, have no worth. You should simply proceed along the path you think correct. ......At the very least, that was the kind of man the Megrez We knew was.”</p>

      <p>What came out of Lufas’ mouth was unexpectedly motivating. Hearing that, Megrez thought:</p>

      <p><em>She surely isn’t ashamed of that fight at all. She doesn’t regret a single thing.</em></p>

      <p><em>As a result, it sparked a rebellion, but she’s surely proud of even that. She’s no different from the woman she was back then, whom I admired and wanted to follow with all my heart.</em></p>

      <p>“......Is that your attempt to comfort me? If it is, I’m grateful.”</p>

      <p>“There is no need for your thanks. We simply gave you a small warning because you were looking far too pathetic,” Lufas said before leaving the room.</p>

      <p><em>I suppose that means she has no more business here.</em></p>

      <p><em>But that’s a matter of course. Right now, she has somewhere she needs to be above all else and something she needs to do.</em></p>

      <p><em>Then right now, what I can do is... Well, it’s certainly not regretting the past. </em>Megrez resolved himself.</p>

      <p>“Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p>“Let me see you to the exit. As I am now, I can still do at least that much.”</p>

      <p>While depending on his crutches, Megrez walked up beside Lufas. Like that, Megrez felt like they’d be able to go back to how things were, at least while they were walking. Megrez reminisced back to when there were no shackles, but instead, days passed where they could simply be adventurers.</p>

      <p>“......There is someone pulling the strings behind Aries.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“Aries is certainly the one invading this country, but there’s someone stoking the fires of his desire for revenge and using him. I don’t believe I need to be telling you this, but......be careful, Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“‘Who do you think you’re speaking to?’ is what We would like to say, but it’s a warning from an old friend. We’ll take it gladly.”</p>

      <p><em>It’s as if we’ve gone back in time, </em>Megrez thought.</p>

      <p>But that was just a hallucination...... There was no going back, and even if there was, he shouldn’t. Their paths had long since separated.</p>

      <p>Lufas waved goodbye lightly and exited the mansion without looking back. Megrez could do nothing but stand there, watching her back disappear into the distance.</p>

      <p>The two of them should have been friends in the past. However, right now, to Lufas, Megrez was no longer the friend that she knew. And to Megrez, Lufas was someone he once betrayed. The distance between them was vast; a huge gap that could never be filled ran between the two.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>After parting from Megrez and leaving the castle, we headed straight for where Aries was, the Gheil Volcano. We were already going to go there anyway if it weren’t for that whole attack, so we were actually following our original plan.</p>

      <p>If left alone, Aries would definitely defeat Levia and destroy Svel, and that’s not a good thing. I wasn’t there for long, but I quite like that country. It’s really got a fantasy feel. So I’m going to have to stop that dumbass sheep myself.</p>

      <p>The distance looked to be about 20km from Svel. It was farther than I expected, but for Aries’ huge body, it probably wasn’t actually that far.</p>

      <p>First off, let’s say a regular sheep is a meter tall. Of course, this is with it standing on all fours, not vertical for some reason. Aries on all fours was over 100 meters tall, so he was 100 times bigger than a normal sheep. So, 20km to Aries was basically as close as 200m.</p>

      <p>Of course, there were differences in speed between a human and a sheep, but in any case, to Aries the distance was only a matter of a few minutes or even tens of seconds, so even 20km away, Svel was by no means safe. If the country were to get complacent because of the distance, it’d be entirely possible for Aries to trample over the entire city in thirty seconds.</p>

      <p>Just being large has accompanying power and speed.</p>

      <p>Normally, you’d think that if someone got bigger they’d get slower, right? For example, if some bug were to become human-sized, it wouldn’t suddenly become really strong or fast, it’d just get crushed under its own weight. A bug’s exoskeleton is unable to support a large amount of weight, and it only works because the bug is so weak. It’s because it’s small that a bug can fly several tens of times its own size in distance and can carry things much heavier than itself. This isn’t just limited to bugs. Every living thing has its own perfect size and physical ability.</p>

      <p>But this is a fantasy world. In this world, things can make no sense, and the unnatural can become natural. Just what kind of power is behind that, I have no idea, and given my education, I wouldn’t understand anyway. It could just be that living things are made of different stuff, right down to the bones.</p>

      <p>However, there is one thing I can say.</p>

      <p>“In this world, common sense doesn’t apply.”</p>

      <p>In reality, Aries is able to move normally with that size, so there’s no choice other than to accept that statement. The contradiction of being able to move far better than a normal sheep on top of that over-100-meter-tall body. It works in this world.</p>

      <p>Also, this distance is no huge deal for me, either.</p>

      <p>“Well then, We’ll be going. You can drop in through teleportation later.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. Good luck.”</p>

      <p>I left Dina in town. Even if I were to leave her behind, she could just use teleportation to meet up again later, and thinking clearly, there wasn’t any need to bring her around with me before, either.</p>

      <p><em>She’s a really convenient person to have around</em>, was my honest impression.</p>

      <p>Well, that’s just fine.</p>

      <p>The problem is the devilfolk behind him, or whatever, but......I can’t really tell anything until I meet that person. If they’re the boss of the devilfolk, they’re definitely level 1000, but if that’s the case, I have no idea why Svel is still standing.</p>

      <p>Could they just be torturing them? Or do they really only have that much power?</p>

      <p>I can’t shake this creepy feeling.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>The Gheil Volcano.</p>

      <p>This mountain, which peaked at a towering 1000 meters above sea level, stood 20km away from Svel. It was an active volcano, but was currently undergoing a long rest period, and hadn’t erupted in several hundred years. At its foot, a single castle fortress stood, playing host to monsters.</p>

      <p>However, Aries was not inside. In the first place, Aries couldn’t fit inside with his huge body. This castle was just there for appearances, and the throne was left empty.</p>

      <p>It was definitely not impossible to get inside for Aries. Aries did have a skill to assume a temporary human form given to him by a Monster Tamer skill. Most likely, it was possible for him to assume that form and sit on the throne in the castle.</p>

      <p>However, he had no intention of doing so. If he were to take human form while being consumed by revenge like he was now, it would certainly look awful. Aries wouldn’t be able to take the form given to him by his master being sullied and twisted like that......so he always moved around as a monster.</p>

      <p>These two hundred years, Aries had never once used his skill to take human form.</p>

      <p>“Aries.”</p>

      <p>Someone called out to Aries, who was lying down next to the castle. It was the voice of a boy who was still young...... Aries didn’t hide his disdain and turned a sharp gaze on him.</p>

      <p>From Aries’ huge perspective, he was so small Aries could just fail to notice him, like an ant...... Mars, whose height didn’t even reach 150 centimeters, smiled happily as Aries properly centered the boy before snorting in derision.</p>

      <p>“What do you want?”</p>

      <p>“Oh? Can’t I talk to you without any particular business?”</p>

      <p>The boy looked like a human in shape, but his skin was clearly a different color. His entire body was covered in blue skin, and the whites of his eyes were actually black. Fangs peeked out of the corners of his mouth, and his presence was definitely inhuman.</p>

      <p>And in truth, the boy wasn’t human at all. He was part of the race of evil that was currently tormenting humanity, the devilfolk. His appearance perfectly aligned with that race’s traits.</p>

      <p>“First, shall I compliment you on a job well done? That just then weakened Levia considerably...... The next time you fight, you’ll probably win.”</p>

      <p>“......Of course. That was my plan.”</p>

      <p>“Then, why are you simply sleeping and doing nothing right now? You’re so close to bringing down Svel, you know? Just what are you waiting for?”</p>

      <p>The young devil boy talked kindly, like a close friend trying to get Aries to confide in him. But the dangerous glint in his eyes held not even a single hint of friendliness nor kindness.</p>

      <p>“No, it didn’t just start now, either. These last couple years, you could have crushed Svel any time you pleased. But you haven’t. Why?”</p>

      <p>“............”</p>

      <p>“You couldn’t be second-guessing yourself. They’re the bastards that betrayed your precious master. Did you forget?”</p>

      <p>“......No, I could never forget.”</p>

      <p>Aries was actually hesitating. That was an indisputable fact.</p>

      <p>He had no qualms about bringing down the Seven Heroes themselves. If they were just some common warriors, he would have killed them long ago.</p>

      <p>However, if they died, their countries would fall, and the devilfolk would be pleased. His master definitely wouldn’t want that. Because she, more than anyone, had desired and aimed to be free of the fear of the devilfolk. There was no way she’d want to destroy an entire country only over revenge.</p>

      <p>Aries already knew from the beginning that his revenge went against his master’s wishes.</p>

      <p>But, even so...... Aries couldn’t forget. Not ever. The warmth of that hand that was offered to him that day. Nor could he forget the anger over the fact that that same hand was stolen from him.</p>

      <p>“I know...... I will definitely kill Megrez. Right now, I’m just waiting for my wounds to heal.”</p>

      <p>“I see. I’m relieved to hear that. Then, you can go already, right?”</p>

      <p>“......Yes. I can go at any time.”</p>

      <p>Aries had his doubts. But the fire of his anger towards Megrez......no, all of the Seven Heroes, would never fade. No matter if it caused the destruction of the world or if it went against his master’s wishes......even so, Aries couldn’t suppress the anger with reason. Just how could he live without clearing away the anger and grief at having his master stolen away?</p>

      <p>Aries let the madness consume him and stood his huge frame up.</p>

      <p>Levia would probably show itself again, but this time, he had confidence that he’d win. As for Megrez himself, although in his prime it was another matter entirely, as he was now, he was entirely killable.</p>

      <p>“Great. Then let’s go attack now. My monster preparations are perfect. Of course, it’s not just a gathering of weaklings like last time. It’s an elite army full of monsters, like over level 80 wyverns. This force’ll even overwhelm the great Sword Saint in only tens of minutes.”</p>

      <p>“......I only see a gathering of weaklings, though.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? How harsh. I guess it’s a matter of course when compared to the Twelve Heavenly Stars. Anything’d look weak.”</p>

      <p>From Aries’ perspective, the monsters that the boy gathered were simply weaklings that would make no difference whether they were there or not.</p>

      <p>Humanity wasn’t the only one that degraded over the last two hundred years. Although, as a result of that fight the devilfolk won, they didn’t come out unscathed, given that it was a fight hard enough to wipe out almost all of the heroes from that era.</p>

      <p>Just like how humanity lost all of their great warriors of the time, the devilfolk also paid a great price, and nearly all the devilfolk that could be called strong, other than the devil king himself, were also wiped out by the heroes. And the most powerful monsters were used by both sides, humanity and the devilfolk, so their numbers were reduced as well, with some species even being completely wiped out.</p>

      <p>The devilfolk won, but that fight was almost completely even. It was a fight where either side could have won, and the winner was simply the side whose casualties were the least severe...... That was exactly why it was unforgivable.</p>

      <p>If Aries’ master had been there, humanity would have won. It would have been a massacre. Humanity would have cleaned this world of the devilfolk, and Lufas would have built a world free of their fear.</p>

      <p>And who was it that wasted all that potential? Just who were the fools that caused this current situation? Those people, who were nothing more than war criminals, were hailed as heroes and, even now, lived carefree, and Aries just couldn’t stand that.</p>

      <p>That’s why he would kill them. He had no doubts about that decision.</p>

      <p>They probably had their own version of justice, but it didn’t matter a wink to Aries.</p>

      <p>His only real worry was...... Aries just couldn’t stop thinking the person in the red mantle that appeared back then was his master. And that filled Aries with a strange sense of hope as well as fear.</p>

      <p>“Heheheh...... Finally, Svel will fall. I hope you’re pleased, great devil king. Now, once again, one of the foolish heroes who dared to stand against you will disappear.”</p>

      <p>This devilfolk boy, who was one of the devil king’s loyal seven commanders given the title of the “Seven Luminaries” by the devil king himself, was named Mars, and he was currently chuckling to himself with a fascinating smile on his face.</p>

      <p>After this battle, he would have taken down one of the Seven Heroes and be able to present his great king with the human’s head. Once that happened, he’d surpass the other six and be recognized as the king’s aide.</p>

      <p>It’d been two hundred years since the Age of Heroes...... Almost all of the elites from back then had gone, and the upper ranks of the devilfolk had been almost completely replaced.</p>

      <p>The Seven Luminaries were also something that only formed due to that trend as a new rank of commander, but all of them lacked actual achievements. However, if Mars were to win this fight, he’d have such an achievement under his belt and should be able to win the king’s trust.</p>

      <p>Back when Mars tried to attack Svel himself, he got burned.</p>

      <p>Putting Megrez aside, that guardian deity Levia was far too troublesome. It had a nearly bottomless amount of health due to it being made out of an entire huge lake, and it wasn’t affected by physical attacks. On top of that, Megrez could heal it indefinitely.</p>

      <p>Mars had a lot of trouble finding a way to defeat it, but luck was on his side.</p>

      <p>When Mars found Aries sitting here at the foot of the Gheil Volcano right by Svel, acting as if the soul just flew right out of him, he even thanked a goddess he didn’t believe in for that wonderful chance meeting.</p>

      <p>Mars took months and years to convince Aries, who was full of doubt and hesitation, drive him to madness, and blow up his desire for revenge. It was pretty hard to get him to attack Svel.</p>

      <p>However, today, all that effort would pay off.</p>

      <p><em>I’m about to use one of the Twelve Stars, who once sided with humanity, to drive them further into despair...... What a pleasant feeling!</em></p>

      <p><em>Now show me, rainbow sheep. Give me the despair and fear of humans.</em></p>

      <p>“The only thing I’m worried about is that one in the red cloak...... Even though you’d let your guard down, that person still blew you away, Aries. They’re no weakling......”</p>

      <p>Mars was thinking, <em>Of course, if Aries got serious he’d never lose to such a person</em>.</p>

      <p>However, if that person, Levia, and Megrez were to fight all at once, even Aries would have a hard time. There was still the monster army, but it would be a hard sell to convince anyone that would close the gap.</p>

      <p>“......I don’t really like it, but in the worst case, I might have to join the battle myself.”</p>

      <p>Mars crossed his arms and looked over at the crowds of monsters formed up past the castle.</p>

      <p><em>The situation favors us.</em></p>

      <p><em>As long as I don’t let my guard down, we won’t lose.</em></p>

      <p>Mars could just imagine Megrez’s face twisted in despair. He could even almost see the jealous faces of the other Seven Luminaries.</p>

      <p><em>The flow is coming our way. This is definitely the pattern where we win.</em></p>

      <p>With that thought, Mars smiled—.</p>

      <p>—And right after, a giant group of monsters was blown away all at once, and the smile froze on Mars’ face.</p>

      <p>“......?! Wh-What the hell?!”</p>

      <p>Leaning out of a window of the castle, Mars stared out into the distance.</p>

      <p><em>What the hell? What just happened? No way, did Megrez come out himself to attack?</em></p>

      <p>Using the excellent vision given to all devilfolk, Mars focused on the monsters being blown away before him, and he saw it. A person wearing a deep crimson cloak, walking this way.</p>

      <p>“That’s......!”</p>

      <p>It was the uncertain element that kicked away Aries the other day.</p>

      <p>Seeing the person stand against them once again, Mars clenched his teeth, but he immediately turned around and thought that this was his chance at victory.</p>

      <p><em>Yes, this is a chance. If we can eliminate that person now, that stops any chance of them teaming up with Megrez and Levia later.</em></p>

      <p><em>In the worst case, it can just be me, Aries, and a couple high level monsters who take down Svel.</em></p>

      <p><em>So what’s important is to go kill that red mantle right now, no matter how many I have to sacrifice!</em></p>

      <p>“Don’t falter! It’s just one person!”</p>

      <p>The monsters howled in response to Mars’ encouragement, and they all charged at once at the single figure.</p>

      <p>No matter how strong the person was, they were alone. There was no way to push back this many with quality alone, and it was impossible to control the battlefield with just a single unit.</p>

      <p>However, Mars’ expectations were easily overturned.</p>

      <p>In an instant, several tens—no, several hundreds—of blades manifested around the figure, launching themselves all at once and blasting the monsters apart one after the other.</p>

      <p>Ten, twenty, thirty......</p>

      <p>Monster corpses continued to pile up, but not even one got close.</p>

      <p>A hundred, a hundred-fifty, two hundred......</p>

      <p>Even now, nothing managed to close the distance. There was no sign of the enemy stopping their attack.</p>

      <p>Three hundred, four hundred, five hundred......</p>

      <p>Mars could see the army given to him by the devil king himself disappearing. They were being trampled.</p>

      <p>“......What is that......?”</p>

      <p><em>Way too strong.</em></p>

      <p><em>That mysterious person is way too strong! It’s as if one of the great warriors from two hundred years ago is right here! Like one of them came back from the dead.</em></p>

      <p><em>Is it another one of the Seven Heroes? No......the Sky King hates mana and wouldn’t be anywhere near here, and the Vampire Princess isn’t the sort to suddenly help elves out.</em></p>

      <p><em>It’s not one of the Seven Heroes......but what fearsome strength.</em></p>

      <p>Mars decided that, as it was, the monsters would only continue to die with nothing to show for it, so he made the army fall back.</p>

      <p>In exchange, he went out to face the red mantle himself.</p>

      <p>“......A devilfolk, huh?”</p>

      <p>“That’s right. And just what are you? I didn’t think there was anyone left in this world that strong,” Mars said, readying a short sword in each hand.</p>

      <p>A sword of fire in his right.</p>

      <p>And a sword of ice in his left.</p>

      <p>Seal their movements with cold, and burn them to death with fire. And the sudden change in temperatures will render anything brittle, allowing them to be shattered like glass.</p>

      <p>“But, it’s all over now that I’m here. Too bad, but your life is forfeit now that you’ve made enemies of the devilfolk. You should curse your own foolishness that you came all the way out here with only your half-assed strength!”</p>

      <p>Mars ran.</p>

      <p>The ability to put on an instant burst of speed thanks to his lightness gave him the top speed of a hawk, making it hard to even see him.</p>

      <p>Mars ran while leaving several afterimages behind and, at the same time, cooled his opponent to stop their movements. That combo was the cornerstone of his invincibility, and up until now, there was only one person to ever break through it. It was a technique that would definitely bring victory if used. That was—.</p>

      <p>“Look closely in wonder! This is the secret technique of one of the Seven Luminaries, the Devil of Ice and Fire, Mars! The Ice-Prison Hellfire Instantaneous Phantasmal Devil Sword! These twin swords are my symbol! My limbs! And my secret art! Look at this sword of purgatory in my right hand! Its blade cuts through all flesh, and its fire will burn through even your soul! Look at this frozen sword in my left hand! The swordsmanship that comes from it won’t let anyone escape! The sheer cold it emits turns everyone’s hopes to dust! Now, with both swords combined, all my enemies are as trash! Now, look and be captured by my special technique! This is the strike of condemnation from a beautiful and sinister god of death that will take your life! Your freedom is stolen and your defenses shattered; I bet you can see your death coming. That is the death god of fire that mercilessly burns all! But there’s nothing to grieve about. Your suffering will only be for a moment. That is my mercy. In fact, you’ll probably be grateful to me at the moment of your death. You’ll say, ‘Ah, thank you for freeing me of this suffering!’ Think of being struck down by me as the highest honor, and fall to eternal darkness! The lid of hell has been opened just for you! See it. Now is the time for your punishment! The feast of devils; it’s your life’s curtain call! Burn, my right! Freeze, my left! Let yourself be kindly embraced by the fires of dark—”</p>

      <p>“Shut up.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>