<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Haha...... Flying through the sky like this feels nice. Now then, where should We go first?” It was actually more troubling to decide where to go if one could go anywhere.</p>

      <p>For now, this country was out. That elf bro might have put out an order to everyone to arrest me, and if that was the case it’d be annoying to deal with.</p>

      <p>I just want to have a leisurely trip around the world.</p>

      <p>“......Hm? Ohh, that’s...... We see, so it still stands.” While I was wondering what to do, something appeared on the edge of my vision. That something was a black tower, climbing high into the heavens.</p>

      <p>I knew that building that was like the picture of a rude gesture challenging the heavens. I could never forget it. After all, that was the building I built with my friends, a symbol of our power.</p>

      <p>The sky tower “Maphaahl.”</p>

      <p>It was my base, made by me......no, by all of us.</p>

      <p>“It seems our first destination is decided.” I changed directions and flapped my wings.</p>

      <p>The distance to the tower I could see in the distance was unclear. Most likely, it was pretty far away, but that was no problem for me as I was now.</p>

      <p>After all, I have these wings to fly with.</p>

      <p>“Hah!” I flew as hard as I could towards the tower.</p>

      <p>It was a perfect chance to test just how far this body would go, and, most importantly, I wanted to try flying for real.</p>

      <p>The scenery blew past me at a tremendous rate, and the wind caressed my cheeks. This was just my feeling, and I wasn’t sure if I was right, but it felt like the scenery was passing me by faster than if I was riding a bullet train. And on top of that, I could pick out little details in the distance with my sight.</p>

      <p>I could easily dodge any birds in my way, and it was easy to change directions while keeping my speed.</p>

      <p>Ahh, it feels so nice.</p>

      <p>It’s uplifting my heart.</p>

      <p>Flying was such a simple thing. I never expected it would make me feel this free and be this wonderful! However, all good things must come to an end.</p>

      <p>After only a couple minutes of flying, I reached the tower and had to suddenly put on the brakes. The wind blew violently, and the atmosphere shook. It was only logical that a corresponding amount of wind would follow if something slightly larger than a human were to fly at that speed before suddenly putting on the brakes.</p>

      <p>A weak opponent might be blown away with just the force of that wind.</p>

      <p>Next, I climbed.</p>

      <p>Past the clouds and yet still higher, I aimed for the top of the tower, made so that only a fraction of the most powerful heaven-winged would be able to reach it with their flight.</p>

      <p>According to a fairy tale, Icarus, who flew too close to heaven with his wax wings, had them melted and fell to the earth. However, my wings were not wax. Something like the light of the sun would never melt them.</p>

      <p>I didn’t know how many thousands of meters above the ground the top of the tower was, but after reaching it, I looked for the sole entrance built there.</p>

      <p>There were only two ways to enter the top floor: to come in from the sky, or climb up from the inside.</p>

      <p>It was a troublesome little tower, if I did say so myself.</p>

      <p>While reminiscing in my mind, I entered the tower and entered the area where only the leader was allowed.</p>

      <p>In <em>Exgate Online</em>, players who created countries, or in other words armies, were allowed their own base. Most bases were castles, but there was no real need for them to be castles. They weren’t popular, but temples or shrines or, in extreme cases, cafes for some reason could become bases.</p>

      <p>It made me think: <em>I’m not sure how I feel about the center of a country being a cafe</em>, but since it was allowed within the system there was no complaining about it.</p>

      <p>Out of all those multitudes of options, I chose the tower.</p>

      <p>Players were free to design their bases how they wished, so I got really into it. I customized the tower even more every time our forces grew bigger, and I even incorporated the ideas of players with better aesthetic sense than me, so I managed to make this “Maphaahl Tower” the single best piece of architecture in all of Mizgarz.</p>

      <p>“......It’s grown old and worn. But We still see the resemblance.” Two hundred years had passed since this tower was in use, so it was quite worn and dirty. Even so, I could still see the shadows and traces of what the tower used to be.</p>

      <p>The first thing I did was introduce my butt to the deep crimson throne, which, even after being broken, still looked imposing in the room.</p>

      <p>The broken window was once occupied with stained glass.</p>

      <p>Red, blue, green, gold, brown, orange, and silver. It represented the circle of seven elements that existed in this world: Fire, Water, Wood, Metal, Earth, Sun, and Moon. The glass, which even had the colors labeled, was now broken, however, with only traces of it remaining.</p>

      <p>Elements in games were usually represented by the usual four: Fire, Water, Wind, and Earth, but <em>Exgate Online</em>’s elements were made with the seven days of the week as reference. In order of weakness to each other, it went: Water &gt; Fire &gt; Metal &gt; Wood &gt; Earth &gt; Water, and the player was able to choose their character’s element in the character creator.</p>

      <p>Of course, this affected the character’s magical abilities, so it was important for people planning to play magic users.</p>

      <p>As for healing magic......in this world it was called “heavenarts,” and was treated as completely different from magic so even the heaven-winged race could use it, but the character’s element also played a big part in it. Messing up and making a fire-aligned acolyte, when fire basically didn’t have any heaven-arts in it at all, would make for a sad character.</p>

      <p>However, failing like that was also one of the fun parts of this game.</p>

      <p>Running my fingers along the cracked walls, I reminisced on fun times.</p>

      <p>Everyone was there back then. Everyone who followed me talked about just how huge they would make our army, and we had fun with other conversations about pointless things or made promises to hunt together. We partied together like idiots way into the night, and drank like we were bathing in alcohol............</p>

      <p>—......No, wait a second. Why am I remembering it like I was there?</p>

      <p>Thinking carefully, the Lufas in the game was the one drinking booze. It wasn’t me. I was sitting in front of my computer.</p>

      <p>In the first place, I was thinking of it like it happened a long time ago. But it was only a few days ago that my army split in two. It was way too early to think of it like a nostalgic memory.</p>

      <p>This won’t do; could it be my memories are mingling in with Lufas’?</p>

      <p>This was a mixing between games and reality.</p>

      <p>Well, given how things are going that’s exactly how it was, though.</p>

      <p>Also—.</p>

      <p>“How strange. This should be our first time seeing this, but We feel it to be nostalgic. We feel relaxed in this place.” There was a sense of nostalgia welling up in my chest. It was strange, like I’d come back home after being gone for a long time.</p>

      <p>Is something wrong with me? Or am I really starting to merge with Lufas herself? At the moment, I couldn’t tell.</p>

      <p>“......Hm?” Suddenly, I heard a sound.</p>

      <p>In this place, where I should’ve been alone, someone other than me made a sound.</p>

      <p>Without turning my head, I looked towards where the sound originated from, and saw an unknown girl.</p>

      <p>Her pale blue hair like the sea seemed unreal in its color, and her eyes were also a marine blue. She was wearing simple, white clothes, and her skin was fine and white like fresh snow. Her face was amazingly well formed.</p>

      <p><em>......I don’t know this face.</em></p>

      <p>At the very least, she wasn’t a member of my army, whom I allowed up here on the highest floor.</p>

      <p>Who is she? Why is she here? “—Mistress Lufas! You’re Mistress Lufas Maphaahl, aren’t you?!” The unknown girl shouted and ran over to me, before gripping my hand.</p>

      <p>She looked truly happy from her face to her smile, and I got that she was celebrating my return.</p>

      <p>But sadly, I didn’t know her.</p>

      <p>“You...... Who are you?”</p>

      <p>“S-So mean! Did you forget me?! I’m your loyal advisor, Dina! For these two hundred long years, I’ve always, always been waiting for your return here, you know?!”</p>

      <p>Dina? Advisor? What is this girl talking about? I had members of my army who acted as advisors, but none of them went by the name Dina, and I didn’t have an actual advisor. Least of all a girl named Dina......</p>

      <p>—......</p>

      <p>—No, there was.</p>

      <p>Right, I remember now.</p>

      <p>Back when I first made our base, I placed a lot of objects around to decorate the place, and I think one of those was a girl NPC.</p>

      <p>That’s right, characters were included in the objects you could place around your base. They just walked around randomly and had no meaning and were complete background characters, but I definitely placed one here.</p>

      <p>I did it for a pretty meaningless reason, that being that it felt kind of lonely being in a base without any mob characters, so I ended up forgetting about her. I think I remembered getting high on myself back in the beginning and gave her a weird background like “Lufas’ Advisor.”</p>

      <p>But she wasn’t capable of combat, and to be honest she was basically a decoration that happened to move around and was shaped like a person, so I didn’t bother to remember her. So at some point, she really did start to become part of the background.</p>

      <p>So, that girl who I completely forgot gained a will and has been waiting this entire time? Even if I didn’t remember, she did? So she’d been loyally waiting here the entire time, fulfilling her role of advisor? “Ahh, yes......We remember now. Forgive us, Dina. Something was wrong with us, to forget one such as you.” This wasn’t a game.</p>

      <p>I felt like the truth, which I’d been taking for granted all this time, was suddenly thrust in front of me.</p>

      <p>Even if I didn’t care or forgot, this world had other lives that would be affected by it.</p>

      <p>In the game, forgetting something slight like a decoration would pass with just a, “Oh I forgot about it. Oh well.” But that won’t fly now that they’re alive, with their own thoughts and sense of self.</p>

      <p>“Good work. Well done protecting this place while We were away, Dina.”</p>

      <p>“Y-your praise is too much!”</p>

      <p>I must never think of her as a ‘human-shaped decoration’ ever again. I must always see her as an individual, a person.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me, Mistress Lufas. Just how did you manage to revive yourself?”</p>

      <p>“Ahh, that? They tried to summon a hero......Excuse us, We don’t know the name of the country. For now, the king of a country to the west made an error and returned us from subspace. Thanks to that, as you can see, We are free to move as We wish.”</p>

      <p>“West......that means the country of Laevateinn. Their movements have been hinting at a hero summoning for a while now, so that’s what it was......” According to Dina, that country’s been trying their best to summon a hero for a while now.</p>

      <p>Thanks for the hard work.</p>

      <p>And, well, sorry. That I was the one to come out.</p>

      <p>“Indeed, and so We are currently dull to the ways of this age. I have heard that that devil king is still alive and well, though.”</p>

      <p>“That’s right! Those heroes that defeated you, Lufas, those fools ended up splitting apart with their own countries before getting beaten to pieces by the devil king! They’re so useless!”</p>

      <p>Ahh, yeah. Sorry, Dina. Splitting up the army was established beforehand. Actually, that entire event was made for our army to split up......</p>

      <p>Well, as expected, the monolith that was Lufas’ army crumbled, and after that many different players formed their own forces as they liked, aiming to be my successor. So that was how the world split apart, huh?</p>

      <p>After all, fighting with the devil king was fighting with the official last boss.</p>

      <p>Unlike me, where there was no prize even for beating me, beating the devil king had a clear prize to it. That was, rare items and drops. Of course, it’d be hard to get people to unite for that. In fact, there’d probably been vicious people getting in the way of others so they could get to the prize first.</p>

      <p>But that’s really just in terms of the game.</p>

      <p>In this world, where the game was real, they split apart for some unknown reason, and no one knew why they lost.</p>

      <p>No, in the first place, just how much of the game’s settings were applied here? Was stuff that got cemented into the history of the game, like fighting the devil king, reflected here? Or did this place have its own history? ......The more I thought about it, the less I figured I knew. In the first place, it was weird that game settings even applied.</p>

      <p>Just what kind of relationship do this world and the game <em>Exgate Online </em>have? They definitely aren’t just different worlds that happen to be similar.</p>

      <p>“......Mistress Lufas?”</p>

      <p>“Ahh, sorry. We were just thinking. Dina, if possible, could you tell us about what has happened since We left this world?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, of course! If I can be of service to you, Lufas, please ask me whatever you wish!” Dina replied to me with a smile as clear as a cloudless sky.</p>

      <p>W-what a nice girl......this girl might become my oasis in this place.</p>

      <p>For now, I’ve gotten something I need to protect.</p>

      <p>It’s a simple thing. Cute girls are the world’s treasure.</p>

      <p>It’s only natural for a man to want to protect them.</p>

      <p>“Then, starting from those awful, hateful heroes that defeated you: after the battle they were hailed as the Seven Heroes, and they each formed their own country. Of those, four of them are already dead of old age, but three of them have long life spans, so they’re still alive.”</p>

      <p>No doubt the Seven Heroes were the other famous high level players from <em>Exgate Online</em>. Each of them mastered their classes, or specialized in a gimmick, and we went hunting or boss-killing several times together. They were former comrades.</p>

      <p>......I wonder how they are. Are they like me, where on the inside they’re players? Or not? Of course, I’d like them to be the former, but I won’t be able to tell unless I see them in person.</p>

      <p>For now, let’s set meeting them again as one of my objectives while I travel around this world.</p>

      <p>“All of the Twelve Heavenly Stars are alive and well. However, they’ve all scattered and spread after you were defeated, and right now, I only know where six of them are. Out of those, two of them have sided with the devil king as revenge against humankind for having beaten you.”</p>

      <p>The Twelve Heavenly Stars...... Their official title was The Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, and they were NPCs or companion monsters.</p>

      <p>One of the classes I’d mastered was ‘Monster Tamer,’ which gave me a skill to tame any monsters I’d defeated with a certain chance of success. Of course, once they became friendly their stats and data were changed from when they were wild. But for a Monster Tamer, who had almost no ability to fight themselves, taming strong monsters was a matter of life and death.</p>

      <p>And I was......very lucky.</p>

      <p>I’d gotten boss monsters that only appeared in events and rare monsters that basically never spawned at all. I managed to tame extremely rare high level monsters, and because of that I got full of myself and named the twelve strongest of them generals under Lufas, giving them the title of ‘Twelve Heavenly Stars.’</p>

      <p>For big bosses, it’s cooler to have strong subordinates with titles like ‘The Four Divine Kings.’</p>

      <p>There was a time when I thought like that.</p>

      <p>Anyway, please try not to pry into that stuff. It was a mistake of my youth.</p>

      <p>......Well, to be honest, there are also things other than monsters mixed in, but that doesn’t matter right now.</p>

      <p>“The devil king, huh......? My my, even if this was brought on by our own worthlessness, they’ve done something quite shameful, haven’t they? We will have to fix this promptly.”</p>

      <p>And one more goal for the trip. That is, to round up all the Twelve Heavenly Stars, and take responsibility and stop them if they’re doing something stupid.</p>

      <p>Man, to be honest, it’s actually causing me stomach problems just thinking about how monsters I’ve tamed and raised are causing trouble. I’m gonna have to stop them, even if I have to beat them up a little, won’t I?</p>

      <p>“Hm......Dina, for the three heroes that are still alive as well as the Twelve Heavenly Stars that you know of, are you able to put their locations on a map?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, certainly.”</p>

      <p>For now, I’m going to see whether or not the heroes are the same as I am. And if the Twelve Heavenly Stars are doing something stupid, I’ll stop them and return them to the tower. Let’s make this the goal of my travels for now.</p>

      <p>......Ahh, right.</p>

      <p>And I need money, too. It’s going to be really important to earn some money, since I’ve got nothing at the moment. I’m gonna have to find some way to make money, fast.</p>

      <p>“It’s done. I’ve drawn their locations on this map, please take a look.”</p>

      <p>“Hm.”</p>

      <p>I took the paper from Dina and looked at the map. Looking at the heroes first, the closest one to this tower was in the country of Svel, 1400km to the north. That was the location of the elven hero, Megrez. And right next to Svel, at the base of a nearby volcano, was one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars: the Ram, Aries. He’d built a fort and was currently repeating attempts to invade the country.</p>

      <p>......What the hell is that sheep doing?</p>

      <p>Anyway, this is probably best as our first destination.</p>

      <p>I’ll get an ulcer if I don’t stop that dumbass sheep.</p>

      <p>Oh man, prospects are grim, aren’t they? But it’s true there’s a part of me that thinks this’ll be interesting.</p>

      <p>Now then, let’s start by earning some money to travel with, why don’t we?</p>

      <p>There was a town named Trade City Ydalir. It was to the east of the country of Laevateinn, and was an independent city that didn’t belong to any country. It was perfectly placed, right in the middle of all the most influential countries, and, thanks to that, lots of merchants and travelers gathered within its walls, making it a city where money rained from the skies. Adventurers weren’t an exception to this, and, to be honest, this city was where all new characters spawned.</p>

      <p>This world was two hundred years after the game I knew, but it seemed that Ydalir never changed, at least in its liveliness. I was just a little relieved that a place I knew still existed.</p>

      <p>Yeah, I feel like I can get pretty familiar with this place.</p>

      <p>“......Dina, it is very hard to move.”</p>

      <p>“Please bear with it. You’re famous. You don’t want to draw too much attention, right?”</p>

      <p>I was wandering around the familiar city with a cloak hiding my entire body in a style that could only be described as that of a suspicious person with the dubiousness factor in full force. I wrapped my wings, which were in the way, around my body and had the cloak worn over that so as to forcefully hide my identity. The idea was proposed by Dina. On top of that, the cloak that I was wearing—the one that I came back to this world with—was conveniently equipped with a hood.</p>

      <p>Yeah, uh, it’s true that this hides my identity. But you know, looking like this just makes me seem even more suspicious and draws more attention. And my wings are getting in the way of my body, so I basically can’t move my arms at all.</p>

      <p>What the hell is this? Some kind of new kink?</p>

      <p>“Now then, Mistress Lufas. You said you wanted to earn money for your travels first, but honestly speaking, this is going to be really difficult. After all, your face is too well-known, so it’ll be hard to find work. There really aren’t any people that would consider hiring the Black-Winged Tyrant.”</p>

      <p>“......That was two hundred years ago. There should not be that many that still remember our face; this world does not even have photographs.”</p>

      <p>“That’s far too naive, Miss Lufas! This trade city is a place where many countries and people gather. Among those are elves, with their extremely long life spans. People like that still remember you clearly.”</p>

      <p>I nodded in understanding in response to Dina’s statement.</p>

      <p>Now that she mentions it, there were races like that in this world. Or rather, I myself am like that, a cheater creature with a huge life span, most of which is considered the prime of my life.</p>

      <p>In the first place, the heaven-winged are said to be a race derived from angels, who were god’s messengers. I don’t know if it’s because of that, but our lives are long, with the average life span being a ridiculous 1500 years. The fact that I still look the same after two hundred years is because of that.</p>

      <p>By the way, in flavor Lufas was 275 years old when she was beaten, so now I’m 475. In human years, I was 14 when I was sealed, and now I’m 24. ......On the outside, I look like a 15-17 year old girl, though.</p>

      <p>“Especially those black wings. Even those who don’t know about you know what black wings mean. It’s the worst, forbidden color to the heaven-winged, after all.”</p>

      <p>“Having black wings is still within the realm of normal, no? In fact, they should be considered rather plain.”</p>

      <p>I’ll repeat, the heaven-winged are said to be descendants of angels. Even the race themselves believe this, and because of that they pride themselves on clean, pure-white wings.</p>

      <p>It was even said that pure-white wings were proof of being heaven-winged, and among said race attractiveness is actually decided based on the color of a person’s wings rather than their face or body. In fact, courting between men and women starts with showing each other their wings.</p>

      <p>Speaking honestly, even a complete fatass uggo with acne all over and the fattest lips with smelly breath and wearing an anime girl t-shirt would be considered a hot guy if he had pure-white wings. But on the opposite side, even somebody with a perfect body and face would be considered ugly if their wings weren’t white enough.</p>

      <p>My pitch-black wings immediately place me out of the question. They completely blow away any consideration of my other features; I’d just be treated as a monster.</p>

      <p>In human terms......let’s see. It’s like if someone had green skin, no eyebrows, and antennae or feelers coming out of their forehead. Something like that.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t even a matter of looks anymore; they won’t even look at you as a member of the same race. Of course, I knew that already, and made Lufas with black wings with full knowledge.</p>

      <p>The reason was simple. “Isn’t it cool to have forbidden wings?” ......That was it.</p>

      <p>Of course, there was a mountain of other players who felt the same way, and pitch-black wings weren’t uncommon at all in the game. In fact, black wings were actually downright decent compared to some other designs such as golden wings, or a set where each wing was a different color. The worst ones even had each feather a different color. And once you consider all that......well, black wings just weren’t that conspicuous anymore.</p>

      <p><em>If I stand out badly, then what if there was one with rainbow-colored wings here?</em> That’s what I start thinking.</p>

      <p>“It’s not normal at all! I’m begging you, realize how special you are already!”</p>

      <p>“Ahhh, okay okay. We understand, so don’t yell.” Dina got mad, so I shrugged.</p>

      <p>Oh man, so I guess, unlike in the game, black wings are really that different, huh? This is probably going to get pretty inconvenient.</p>

      <p>“Geez...... Then, getting back on topic, there is just one job that will hire even you without questions.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. That would be adventuring—or in other words, selling your life, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. That won’t require any sort of standing. As long as you have your body, anybody can become one.”</p>

      <p>Adventurers, people who sold their life for bargain-bin prices. You didn’t need anything special to start being one. Neither money nor status mattered, and even villains or slaves could get jobs.</p>

      <p>In exchange, there was absolutely no guarantee of safety. If something were to happen, even if you were to lose your arms or legs or even die, neither your employers nor the organization would take any responsibility.</p>

      <p>And on top of that, you’d be considered the lowest in social castes. It was a job for homeless people with nowhere to go or jobless people with nothing to do. A job for the weakest in society, for the people who don’t even know if they’ll be able to eat tomorrow. Those people all started with dreams of making it big in one stroke before meeting their ends instead and dying like dogs.</p>

      <p>Adventuring was just that kind of job.</p>

      <p>In the game it was easy to do since you’d just revive right afterwards, and such a dark background was just that, background. In fact, almost all players started off making money by being an adventurer, and the number of adventurers easily exceeded tens or even hundreds of thousands.</p>

      <p>What about being the lowest caste of society, you say? ......Well, NPCs will curse you out a little. So what? But this is reality. Dying is the end, and cruel situations that don’t occur in the game will probably happen here.</p>

      <p>......Will I be fine? This body is Lufas Maphaahl’s, so I don’t think I’ll die, even if I play around a little. But will I be able to stand the sight of blood myself? Will I, who can’t even look at a cat or crow that’s been run over, be able to fight? To be honest, I’m nothing but worried.</p>

      <p>“We’re here.”</p>

      <p>Urged on by Dina, I entered the building.</p>

      <p>It was a slightly dirty bar, and the entire building was made of wood. The first floor was a cafeteria, and there were several tables installed. There were people sitting here and there who I could tell were clearly thugs just from a glance at their ugly mugs.</p>

      <p>When we entered, all the men focused their beast-like gazes on Dina. They were probably wary of the suspicious intruder right next to her (me), so no one approached us, though.</p>

      <p>“Hm, this air that is the very definition of a cesspool... How nostalgic.”</p>

      <p>“Now that you mention it, you were an adventurer before founding your country, weren’t you, Lufas?”</p>

      <p>—Hm? Didn’t I say something weird just now, as if it was natural? Nostalgic...... No, well, it’s true this is probably nostalgic...</p>

      <p>As I said before, most players started off as adventurers. I wasn’t an exception, and I fulfilled several quests in my time.</p>

      <p>But......right, ‘I’ve’ never been to this bar. But I still feel like it’s nostalgic.</p>

      <p>Oh no, as I thought, my memories and Lufas’ memories are mixing together a little.</p>

      <p>“Welcome. What’ll it be? Or do you want a room?”</p>

      <p>“We want an adventuring job.”</p>

      <p>“......You for real, girl?” The owner of the place, an inhospitable-looking bald guy, looked at Dina in doubt.</p>

      <p>She was clearly thin and didn’t look the least bit suited for violence. It’s true that if she said that she’d be an adventurer, the first thing you’d do is doubt her sanity. But Dina cheerfully laughed in the face of that reaction and said it was fine.</p>

      <p>“I’m not the one who will be taking the job, this person will.”</p>

      <p>“Hmmm, this red mantle over here? ......Well, that’s probably fine. Then for now, come to the back, why don’t you? I want to see how good you are.”</p>

      <p>Adventurers were people who could die at any moment. Still, if everyone died without completing the job, the one who gave them the job in the first place would have their reputation plummet. Once rumors started going around saying things like, “Don’t post any requests you have at that inn there, you won’t get anyone good,” you’d stop getting any business. That’s why the agent tested your ability like this.</p>

      <p>......Or, that’s what Dina whispered into my ear.</p>

      <p>When I came to the back of the inn like I was told to do, the owner was there with several stone statues. Each of the statues looked the same: a nice guy with a beard.</p>

      <p>That’s a stone golem made by an Alchemist, right?</p>

      <p>Alchemist was a class that allowed you to spend materials to make a lot of different gear and tools, of which golems were one. They were NPCs that could fight on their own and were reliable friends to those who traveled solo. Their strength depended on the materials used and the skill level of the maker, and they’d turn out exactly the same given the same conditions.</p>

      <p>There was also no way to recover their HP outside of an Alchemist’s “Repair” skill, and once the golem was destroyed, it was over for that golem.</p>

      <p>On top of that, there was a problem where the AI picked its targets on its own, so it could end up attacking something you didn’t want to attack. They were convenient, but not something to be used frequently until higher levels.</p>

      <p>I also made a lot of golems to inflate my armies during that final battle, but I remembered them being torn apart like paper by the other high level players.</p>

      <p>“I’ll have you fight these golems here. I’ll be judging your skills based on how many you beat and how long it takes.”</p>

      <p>“Hm, that sounds fine,” I replied and took a step forward.</p>

      <p>On top of it being hard to move because of the cloak, my wings were wrapped over my arms, so I couldn’t use them. To be honest, it was quite the handicap, but......well, it’s probably fine.</p>

      <p>In the worst case, I can just let my level difference speak for me and use Pressure, but most likely, I should be able to get through with just kicks.</p>

      <p>“You ready?”</p>

      <p>“You may start any time.”</p>

      <p>“Right. Then I’ll turn them on,” the owner said, and the golems’ eyes lit up.</p>

      <p>At the same time, I activated a Ranger skill, “Observing Eye.” It was a simple but convenient skill that allowed me to see the opponent’s level and remaining HP. And if the level difference was large enough, I could also see their stats.</p>

      <p>The golems’ stats were revealed, and they were:<br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Stone Golem</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 5</p>

      <p>【Race】: Artificial Life Form</p>

      <p>【HP】: 68</p>

      <p>【SP】: 0</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 73</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 36</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 80</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 5</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 27</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 5</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 40<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Hm, well it’s a small fry, just like it looks.</p>

      <p>With this level, even adventurers just starting the game can easily beat it after leveling for about thirty minutes. It’s not hard to get stronger than it in even just one battle if a high level player is helping you fight a strong monster.</p>

      <p>And there’s five of them...... It does seem like there’s no point to these golems other than helping measure one’s ability.</p>

      <p>In fact, it’d probably be better to quit the game if you lose to these.</p>

      <p>......Ahh, I should check my stats too, just in case.</p>

      <p>To be honest, the level difference is so high it’s hard to tell how far I should hold back.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Lufas Maphaahl</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 1000</p>

      <p>【Race】: Heaven-Winged</p>

      <p>【Class Levels】</p>

      <p>・Warrior: 100</p>

      <p>・Swordmaster: 100</p>

      <p>・Grappler: 100</p>

      <p>・Champion: 100</p>

      <p>・Monster Tamer: 100</p>

      <p>・Alchemist: 100</p>

      <p>・Ranger: 100</p>

      <p>・Strider: 100</p>

      <p>・Acolyte: 100</p>

      <p>・Priest: 50</p>

      <p>・Esper: 50</p>

      <p>【HP】: 335000</p>

      <p>【SP】: 17430</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 9200</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 8750</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 10300</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 8300</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 10778</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 9550</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 9280</p>

      <p>【Equipment】:</p>

      <p>【Head】: —</p>

      <p>【Right arm】: —</p>

      <p>【Left arm】: —</p>

      <p>【Body】: Queen of Heaven’s Dress</p>

      <p>・Status condition nullification</p>

      <p>・HP regeneration</p>

      <p>【Legs】: Swift Horse Boots</p>

      <p>・Field movement speed up</p>

      <p>【Other】: Cloak of Seven Days</p>

      <p>・Halve all elemental damage<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Yeah, this is just bullying the weak at this point.</p>

      <p>By the way, you’re not imagining that my stats are weird.</p>

      <p>Levels themselves are maxed out at 1000, but stats have no limit. In other words, you can raise your stats as high as you want with doping items. They’re all rare items, but outside of a small portion of them, they’re not that impossible to get. Especially the HP stat item. Thanks to that one being relatively easy to get, my HP is pretty high.</p>

      <p>I digress, but for heaven-winged, without doping items but with the same class levels, at level 1000 they’d be at around 70,000 HP. Now that you know that, you should be able to tell just how far I boosted my HP.</p>

      <p>Of course, it’s not quite at the level of bosses you’d be expected to fight at max level, but I know it’s higher than most bosses you’ll find out in the world. Being called “The Wild Last Boss” definitely wasn’t for show.</p>

      <p>While we’re on the subject, I’ll explain about “Levels” and “Class Levels” too. “Levels” are just what it says on the tin. They’re a stat that’s already a given in RPGs, and they’re raised by fighting to gain a certain amount of experience. The max level is 1000, and it’s impossible to go further than that. Even boss characters adhere to this absolute rule of Exgate.</p>

      <p>Next are “Class Levels.” These indicate the levels in a class you’ve acquired, and classes go up to 100. Raising class levels happens at the same time as regular levels. The class you have at the moment you level up is the one that’s raised, and it affects the stats you get for leveling up, so it’s pretty important.</p>

      <p>For example, if you want to play a front line character, but you spend all your time in rear line character classes, before long your stats will be far and away from being suited to being on the front line. That kind of situation is quite possible.</p>

      <p>I feel like that part of the game is a lot like a tabletop RPG. You can really tell that the previous game of the line was a TRPG.</p>

      <p>And once you reach the maximum level of 100 in a class, you’ll get a message saying, “Your class level is 100. Please change classes.” And from then on, until you change classes, you won’t gain any levels no matter how much you fight.</p>

      <p>There’s two ways around that.</p>

      <p>The first is to do as the message says and change classes. By repeating this, the player will eventually get to level 1000, and with ten classes under their belt, their character will be complete.</p>

      <p>Of course, there’s no need to follow the same class until level 100. For example, I’ve only raised my Priest and Esper levels to 50 each, forcing my number of classes to 11.</p>

      <p>The other method is to pay for it. By paying real money, you can raise a class’s max level to 200 and can keep leveling that class as is. However, in exchange, there’ll be basically no new skills to learn. Most skills for a class are learned by level 100, so basically the only merit of continuing in the same class is stat gains.</p>

      <p>For example, staying as a Swordmaster or a Grappler for the whole 200 levels will get your attack and HP stats higher than most other front liners, which is the biggest reason to pay. Also, some skills scale with class level, so there are a lot of people that pay to get to 200 because of that.</p>

      <p>Other than that, let’s see......some classes will unlock a secret class or skill by getting it to level 200, it seems, but most of them haven’t been discovered. People say that, most likely, you won’t find that stuff unless you level your character pretty stupidly.</p>

      <p>Anyway, that doesn’t matter right now. For now, it’s time for my first fight since I found myself in this body. I see no reason for this fight to be any trouble, but for now let’s try some stuff out.</p>

      <p>One of the golems swung its arm at me.</p>

      <p>—I was at max wariness, wondering what kind of attack would be coming, but I lost a lot of my tension seeing the speed of the attack.</p>

      <p>—It’s slow. No, it’s way too slow.</p>

      <p>What the hell? Is this like a lucky hero’s lucky punch from a certain manga that came out a while back? This is exactly what people mean when they say time stops. With how slow things are, I feel like time is stopped, and I can do anything.</p>

      <p>What’s with these sluggish, unmotivated movements? ......Am I being underestimated?</p>

      <p>“What dull golems.”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t stop myself from voicing my displeasure, and with a light jump I got on top of the golem. Then, with about 10% of my power, I stomped on it.</p>

      <p>When it died, the golem was crushed flat like it was made of paper and completely lost its previous form.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>