<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_4">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Dina and I nodded in understanding.</p>

      <p>Apparently, each of this country’s separated areas had its own dedicated purpose. Now that I know that, I really want to just explore. After I get everything I need out of the library, it’ll probably be fun to take a lap around this place once.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, this was helpful. Then we’ll be going this way.”</p>

      <p>“Hey hey, just wait a second, girls. Are you really going to go there on foot? The day’ll be over by then.”</p>

      <p>Just as we were about to walk off again, the man stopped us. Then, he took a map out of his pocket and started talking.</p>

      <p>“This country’s pretty damn big. Each area’s like 500km by itself. And if you put it all together with the castle area in the center and all the bridges, this entire city’s over 2500km. Trying to go everywhere by foot’ll kill all your time, you know.”</p>

      <p>“Then, how do you all get around?”</p>

      <p>“We use the monorail. Follow me. I’ll show you to the terminal.”</p>

      <p>A monorail, huh? This is getting really modern all of a sudden.</p>

      <p>I mean, it’s not like this world doesn’t have its science, and it’s even got magic. So I guess it’s not surprising that there’s one or two convenient vehicles around. I bet the monorail moves on magic or something.</p>

      <p>“Oh, whoops, I forgot to introduce myself. I’m Gantz. I’m a mercenary who’s working as a border guard for this country. I’m off today, though.”</p>

      <p>“I’m Dina, a free merchant. This person wearing a red mantle exuding suspiciousness at full force is my employer, Sfalu.”</p>

      <p>Without a word, I stepped on Dina’s foot. Dina shouted in pain, but I ignored her.</p>

      <p>What kind of person introduces another with “exuding suspiciousness at full force?” I mean, it’s completely true, but you’re the one that told me to dress like this in the first place!</p>

      <p>“You’ve got quite the getup, haven’t you? Well, you’ve probably got your own problems, so I won’t pry.”</p>

      <p>“......Thank you.”</p>

      <p>I’m glad that he won’t pry.</p>

      <p>I said my thanks and followed Gantz as he started walking.</p>

      <p>“Um, I’d like to ask you some questions about this place; is that OK?”</p>

      <p>“Sure, ask away.” Gantz agreed right away to Dina’s request.</p>

      <p>He was a really good guy to be this kind to us even though we had just met. My first impression of him really wasn’t wrong, it seemed.</p>

      <p>“First, this country’s split into five areas. As for how they’re split, first, the southern area, where the entrance is, is the ‘Trade district.’ For those who just entered this country, it’s made to be the first place you enter. Anyway, this place has everything. There’s a lot of stores competing with each other, after all. But these last few years, Aries of the Twelve Heavenly Stars keeps attacking, so this place is a little less crowded than it should be.”</p>

      <p>......My head’s starting to hurt.</p>

      <p>I’m getting real complicated feelings towards the actions of a subordinate I haven’t even seen yet.</p>

      <p>For now, I’m gonna kick you once in the head when I meet you, Aries. Be ready. Of course, I won’t be holding back at all. Don’t worry. If memory serves, Aries should be at the max level for a tamed monster of mine, 800, so he shouldn’t die even if I kick him for real.</p>

      <p>Going off topic, a Monster Tamer’s monster’s levels were made so that they could never exceed their master’s. For example, even if a monster was level 1000 in the wild, when tamed, if the Tamer’s level was 500, their level would be reduced below that. The formula was the Tamer’s total level/2 + [Class level x 3]. So for me, the max level would be 500 + 300, or 800.</p>

      <p>Also, if, for example, the formula exceeded the Tamer’s level, (like if the Tamer’s total level was 100 and their class level was also 100, making the theoretical level 350), the Tamer’s total level was set as the limit instead, so it was impossible for a tamed monster to be stronger than its Tamer.</p>

      <p>In other words, with the formula, it was only possible to have monsters be the same level as the Tamer up to level 600, and that was assuming the Tamer’s class level was maxed out. And at level 700 and over they completely started to be eclipsed by the Tamer, so at that level it was actually better to just party up with some players at the same level.</p>

      <p>Not only that, but Tamers could only bring one monster with them at a time. Even if the Tamer had over 100 monsters tamed, they could only bring them out one at a time. Of course, that was because it’d break game balance if players were allowed to go around with tons of monsters stronger than them, and solo play would run rampant.</p>

      <p>MMOs are based around team play. Naturally, by paying for it, players could solve this problem and start toting level 1000 monsters. Well, in the end it’d still just be a two-person party, so it wouldn’t change the fact that it was still better to party up with other players.</p>

      <p>“The eastern area is the ‘Academics district.’ I’ve told you about this already, so I’m just gonna skip this part. Next is the western area, the ‘Industrial district.’ Starting with the monorail I just told you about, all the magic engines that power vehicles and other tools are produced there. Of course, we’re not as good as ‘Blutgang,’ said to be the country of craftsmen, though. That place is famous for having most of them there.”</p>

      <p>“......Magic engines, Blutgang...... We’ve never heard of either of these.”</p>

      <p>I listened to him talk while I whispered questions to Dina, who was beside me.</p>

      <p>I knew of neither of those names. At the very least, they weren’t around when I was playing the game.</p>

      <p>Dina whispered back:</p>

      <p>“Magic engines were invented by Megrez twenty years ago. They’re a system that uses mana as fuel. It’s much cheaper and more efficient than the traditional coal, so it’s really hot right now. However, it’s almost unusable by the heaven-winged, so at the moment, coal is still more prevalent.”</p>

      <p>So it’s that, right? It’s just oil.</p>

      <p>I don’t know just how much mana is around in the world, but I wonder if we’ll run out of mana if we keep using it like this. Or is mana something that’s basically infinite...... I’m clueless on this subject.</p>

      <p>Well anyway, I can’t use mana myself, so I guess I just don’t care.</p>

      <p>“Blutgang is a country founded by one of the Seven Heroes, the Blacksmith King Mizar. It’s called the country of craftsmen, and a lot of the dwarves, amongst other races, take residence in that country. Most of the world’s industrial goods are manufactured there and exported.”</p>

      <p>“We see.”</p>

      <p>Industry...... I know even less about jobs like that where you make things.</p>

      <p>I muttered an appropriate reply and, once again, concentrated on what Gantz was saying.</p>

      <p>“The northern area is the ‘Residential district.’ Almost all living quarters are concentrated there. It’s the farthest away from the gates, so right now, it’s the second safest area.”</p>

      <p>“Second safest? Would it not be the safest since it’s the farthest away?”</p>

      <p>“Well, of course that’s because it’s not guaranteed that monsters will behave themselves and come from the front door. Even though this place is a natural fortress surrounded by a lake on all sides, it’s not guaranteed that monsters won’t come charging in from behind us. Actually, monsters that can fly or swim have, in fact, gone around and invaded from another area.”</p>

      <p>Having heard that, I replied, “We see.”</p>

      <p>True, there’s no need to be polite and come in through the front door only to be forced to deal with the border guards. In fact, it’d be more natural not to do so.</p>

      <p>Gantz must have figured out my confusion. So he offered a follow up.</p>

      <p>“Well, doing that takes an extraordinary amount of work. The lake surrounding this place is actually a water golem created by Sir Megrez. That’s why if anyone tries to force themselves through the water, they’ll just find themselves a victim of its jaws. Isn’t it awesome? It’s a golem that’s a whole lake big enough to surround this country, you know? It’s totally a guardian deity that protects this whole country.”</p>

      <p>I honestly was impressed by that fact. I was also a level 100 Alchemist, but I’d never thought of a golem that would be an entire lake.</p>

      <p>I see, so stuff like that’s totally possible because this isn’t a game anymore. In the game, there was no way anything that’d change the map itself would work. But this was reality. That meant that, as long as the materials were there, you could totally do what you wanted with your surrounding land.</p>

      <p>......Let’s try something out if I ever get the chance.</p>

      <p>But still, a water golem, huh? Megrez made something pretty cool here.</p>

      <p>Heavily mana-infused water makes for pretty good material. If he made a golem out of that, it wouldn’t be surprising if it’s level 500.</p>

      <p>......Let’s see, I guess I should check its stats, just in case. I thought and turned on my “Observing Eye.”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Guardian Deity Levia</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 500</p>

      <p>【Race】: Artificial Life Form</p>

      <p>【HP】: 180000</p>

      <p>【SP】: 0</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 2750</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 800</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 3400</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 650</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 1028</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 722</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 2300<br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Gantz</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 82</p>

      <p>【Race】: Human</p>

      <p>【Class Levels】:</p>

      <p>・Warrior: 82</p>

      <p>【HP】: 6860</p>

      <p>【SP】: 476</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 303</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 263</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 368</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 99</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 245</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 72</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 208<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Hm, so its level is 500, just like I expected.</p>

      <p>For a world where a sword saint is level 120, it’s more than powerful enough. More than anything, its HP pool is massive, probably because all the water is part of it.</p>

      <p>I mean, what the hell? 180k at level 500? Is that a bug?</p>

      <p>For golems that can’t use stat-boosting items, it’s an overwhelming number. Normally, a level 500 golem using mana water would have around 50k HP. Golems made out of water get a little extra HP, but only a little. To be able to drag that up to 180k, I can only compliment the Wise King on his ability. This thing’s already almost a boss.</p>

      <p>On the other hand, Gantz is, well, a normal early-game warrior.</p>

      <p>No, wait, since the Sword Saint’s level 120, is he actually really strong by the standards of this age? As always, I can’t seem to get a good handle on the general level of this world...... Well, he shouldn’t be weak, at least. Probably.</p>

      <p>While I had all that running around in my head, Gantz continued to talk.</p>

      <p>“Lastly, there’s the ‘Nobles district’ in the center. This is the area where only people of a certain status may live, like royalty or nobles, and it has basically no connection to us. If you try to sneak in like an idiot you’ll get caught right away, so be careful.”</p>

      <p>So the center, where Megrez probably is, is a place for the privileged, huh? That means it’ll be real difficult to get in legally.</p>

      <p>Oh well, I can think about this later.</p>

      <p>“All right, we’re here. This is the terminal.”</p>

      <p>The place we were led to was very different from modern Japanese stations. That was only natural, though. With it looking like a metal coffin, I got the feeling that the station was built literally just to let people onto the monorail. There were no escalators or elevators, and though there was a fence to stop people from falling in, there was no yellow line. The inside wasn’t especially nice, and there weren’t any ads, and of course, there weren’t any electronic screens to display when the next arrival would be. It was literally a bare metal coffin, only there for people to get on and off the monorail.</p>

      <p>And the center of it all, the monorail was also a metal coffin. It was just a square box with windows and sofas. There were no patterns or paintings or any decoration.</p>

      <p>I guess I would say that we would be riding in a metal coffin inside a metal coffin.</p>

      <p>“Now then, I’m going to leave you here. All right, see you again if the fates will it!”</p>

      <p>“Yes, thank you very much, Gantz.”</p>

      <p>“You were helpful. We give you our thanks.”</p>

      <p>As expected, Gantz wasn’t coming with us all the way to the Academics district, so he said goodbye to us, and we did the same. It was more than enough for someone we didn’t know to come this far with us.</p>

      <p>I gave my thanks to the kind mercenary that didn’t mind our appearances and got on the monorail.</p>

      <p>Now then, first up is the Academics district. For now, I’ll bone up on everything I don’t know.</p>

      <p>The monorail started moving, but it wasn’t really something to get excited over. To the passengers, it didn’t make much of a difference whether it was being powered by electricity or magic. It was only different enough for me to think that it was a little fast.</p>

      <p>But when it came to the scenery outside the window, things were different. The lake was so huge it could be mistaken for an ocean. And the city was built on top of that, with lots of buildings all lined up. It greatly aroused my curiosity and made my heart dance.</p>

      <p>I wasn’t sure how old my body was, but with my eyesight I could pick out people going about their lives from inside the monorail, and I was staring out the window at them, feeling almost like a child.</p>

      <p>And when we got off the monorail the atmosphere changed. The crowd was now full of intelligent-looking, slender people. It was actually worrying how skinny everyone was, and it made me want to tell all the people walking past that they needed more exercise.</p>

      <p>But my eyes were especially drawn to the beautiful ones with long ears—elves. For elves, I seem to remember them being forest people that basically never left the woods, but times probably changed in two hundred years.</p>

      <p>I could see elves walking down the street normally, talking and being friendly with humans. In fact, I could even see middle-aged humans and elven girls walking around like lovers when I looked closer. Humans and elves had far different lifespans. So I bet that, which just looks criminal, is probably actually fine, and the elf is actually older.</p>

      <p>In other words, he gets to have an eternally beautiful lover. Go explode.</p>

      <p>I found a library right away. Fitting for an academic district, it stood out. I was lucky that it was built so close to the station. The library itself was also taller than other buildings, shaped almost like a tower.</p>

      <p>I went through the doors and entered the building. Inside, a woman who seemed like the librarian looked at me suspiciously but didn’t say anything.</p>

      <p>The library is open to the public. So I guess that means I’m fine as long as I don’t cause any problems?</p>

      <p>The inside of the library was a circular hall. There were desks lined up in the center with shelves surrounding them. Of course, the shelves didn’t completely enclose the desks; there were aisles and passageways left so it didn’t feel too constricting.</p>

      <p>I immediately made for the history section and started looking at the titles lined up on the shelves.<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>The Genesis of Mizgarz ~Just How Did the Goddess Alovenus Create Our World?~</em></p>

      <p><em>History of Mizgarz Part 1: The Secret of the Birth of the Seven Races</em></p>

      <p><em>The Wars of Mizgarz - From the Appearance of the Devilfolk until Now</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>......I can ignore this section.</p>

      <p>This doesn’t have anything on what happened in the last two hundred years, and it probably doesn’t change much from the lore that I know of.</p>

      <p>What I want to know happens from when I was defeated by the Seven Heroes to now. Those two hundred years.<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>The Black-Winged Tyrant: Lufas Maphaahl’s Life and Rule</em></p>

      <p><em>Great Persons of History: Lufas Maphaahl</em></p>

      <p><em>Was Lufas Maphaahl Really Evil? A Historical Inquiry</em></p>

      <p><em>Lufas Maphaahl: The Only Ruler to Have Ever United the World</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>So this section is all books about me, huh? This might be perfect to find out how the world thinks of me.</p>

      <p>I took the <em>Great Persons of History</em> and the <em>Historical Inquiry</em> books for the moment and moved on. As always, I couldn’t move my arms, but ESP’s really convenient. If I knew things were gonna turn out like this, I would have gotten my Esper levels to 100, not just 50...... But in the game Espers were kinda meh at fighting... ESP being convenient for moving things around was only fluff in the game, too.<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>The Seven Heroes: The Heroes that Defeated the Black-Winged Tyrant</em></p>

      <p><em>The Glory and Foolishness of the Seven Heroes</em></p>

      <p><em>Great Persons of History: Alioth</em></p>

      <p><em>Great Persons of History: Dubhe</em></p>

      <p><em>Great Persons of History: Mizar</em></p>

      <p><em>Great Persons of History: Phecda</em></p>

      <p><em>The Peak of Humanity and Its Fall. Did Humanity Make a Mistake?!</em></p>

      <p><em>Kill the Seven Heroes! Humanity’s Biggest Mistake According to Historian William</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>This section was for the Seven Heroes, and it seemed what I wanted to know was here, too.</p>

      <p>The fact that Megrez isn’t among this Great Persons series is......well, it’s probably because he’s still alive. He’s not dead, so he can’t be a great person of the past.</p>

      <p>Still, what’s surprising is that there’re more books here that clearly criticize the Seven Heroes than I thought there’d be.</p>

      <p>Is this okay? This country’s founded by one of the Seven Heroes. Even though he’s not the king right now, that doesn’t change the fact that he’s a legendary hero to this country. I wouldn’t be surprised if the authors of these books were deemed guilty of lèse-majesté...</p>

      <p>“Heheh, were you surprised? You’re not actually that hated, Miss Lufas!”</p>

      <p>“......It truly is strange. We should be the villain that forcefully conquered the world...”</p>

      <p>“Well, there are books like that as well, but as time passes the fear leaves, too. And right now, people are starting to think that allowing you to stay would have seen us fighting amongst ourselves less, and we wouldn’t have to fear the devilfolk, either. And most importantly, you weren’t really all that awful as a tyrant.”</p>

      <p>Dina’s words still left me half in doubt.</p>

      <p>I can somehow imagine how people feel towards me. I’m probably being treated like Napoleon or Oda Nobunaga. Looking at history, it’s clear that Oda Nobunaga did some pretty awful stuff and put fear in people. But modern Japan was full of people that thought he was ‘cool,’ and not only are there fans of Oda Nobunaga, he’s even being picked as the protagonist of mangas and novels.</p>

      <p>Nobody that was actually there and experienced the fear of him would say that, probably, but in the end, they’re in the past. It’s a viewpoint only achievable because you can look at him like a character in a story. Most likely, the authors of these books are human, not elves or something similar.</p>

      <p>“Well, for now, let’s just read it. We will probably be here for a while. What will you do, Dina?”</p>

      <p>“Of course, I’ll accompany you. I have books I want to read, too.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? What books?”</p>

      <p>“This! <em>Mobile Warrior Gunboy Volume 1 ~Gunboy Dies on Earth~</em>”</p>

      <p>A novel? I almost reflexively fired a retort, but it wasn’t my fault. I mean, what’s up with that novel? It’s volume one, but the protagonist’s already dead in the title. The meaning of it’s so impenetrable I’m actually getting interested.</p>

      <p>“By the way, I recommend the second volume, <em>Sorrow! Killed in Action</em>, and the third volume, <em>Chance Meetings of Death</em>.”</p>

      <p>“He dies every time?!”</p>

      <p>The urge to read it ran through me, but I stood fast.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>