<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: For You Who’ll See No Recompense</h1>

      <p>Early the next morning, Snow came to wake me up. Seeing us siblings sleeping in the same bed, she smiled. It was a mysterious little smile. Was she shocked? Envious? Reminiscing? All three at once? In any case, that might have been the first time I’d ever seen her smile.</p>

      <p>After she was done bidding Maria a good morning, she wasted no time taking me out of there. It seemed as though she would tell me all about my guild work quite early in the day.</p>

      <p>She took me to the office prepared for the guildmaster, where she full-on drummed into me the fundamentals of the organization. The morning of day one was spent solely on boning up; my work as guildmaster began in earnest, starting around noon.</p>

      <p>Ten or so members gathered at the training grounds to check on the plans for the day. At first, Palinchron took the wheel, but then it fell to me to issue the orders regarding the Epic Seeker’s business that day. I, of course, tried to decline, but Palinchron said that if I did it with Snow’s help, it’d be a piece of cake. Then he immediately left, leaving the guildmaster (i.e., me), my submaster Snow, and the assembled guild members.</p>

      <p>Snow and I tried to think of the most efficient way to run the guild using the cards we’d been dealt. Otherwise, we wouldn’t be doing right by the members in attendance. And then, after a lot of thought, we hit upon a solution.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>A mountain of papers, reports, applications, and the like towered in front of me. My quill was dancing frenetically across the documents. I affirmed the flow of guild resources, improved the management of funds, and reviewed the stationing of our personnel. And to do that, I updated the required papers in turn.</p>

      <p>While I was at my desk doing all this paperwork, I simultaneously gave out instructions for the fieldwork. My overpowered, downright unfair dimensional magic allowed me to grasp the situation out in the field even while I was at our home base. Moreover, at my current level, my INT stat was now among the highest of all humanity, enabling me to do both tasks at the same time.</p>

      <p>“Kanami, the orders for Tayly’s party,” muttered Snow quietly. She was right beside me, providing support.</p>

      <p>In response, I organized the information that <em>Dimension</em> had picked up for me, zeroing in on the real-time feed I was getting of Ms. Tayly’s party chasing after a robber several kilometers to HQ’s north-northeast.</p>

      <p>“Yep, I see ’em. Let’s see...Ms. Tayly should turn at the next left and stand by at the third bend in the road. I’d appreciate it if the other members keep pursuing the target. It’ll take twenty—no, seventeen seconds for the target to run right into Ms. Tayly. Tell her to intercept the robber with her magic but to be careful too. Then the target’ll be outflanked in a pincer attack.”</p>

      <p>“Okay. I’ll tell them.” Snow disinterestedly spoke into the magic gem in her hand, relaying what I’d said. Through the gem, she was now in contact with Ms. Tayly and her party, who were kilometers away from us. My hand didn’t stop writing, continuing to put the paperwork in order even as I listened to verify the accuracy of her message to them. Needless to say, I also checked to see if the party had successfully captured the robber, never pausing from doing the paperwork in the meantime.</p>

      <p><em>Dimension</em> informed me of what was happening. The robber was taken aback when they found Ms. Tayly standing right in front of them, and the others came to cut off any avenue of escape before summarily arresting the offender.</p>

      <p>“How’d it go?” asked Snow.</p>

      <p>“Went without a hitch. The target was kept in place by Ms. Tayly’s magic, and then the members had them surrounded. Capture complete. With that, Ms. Tayly’s party is done with their commission. It ended faster than I thought.”</p>

      <p>“Of course it did. There’s no way the robber had any idea there could be somebody who had a grasp of the entire town.”</p>

      <p>“But isn’t Palinchron able to do something similar?”</p>

      <p>“If you’re talking about Palinchron’s Spellrite, you’re wrong. It’s hampered by all sorts of harsh restrictions. Besides, it’s not as accurate as your magic is. It can’t do all <em>this</em>.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>I’d heard that Palinchron was one of the most prominent users of detection magic on the continent, but it seemed that my dimensional magic was more precise and accurate than his abilities allowed for.</p>

      <p>“I won’t mince words,” said Snow, “this is crazy. Palinchron wanted us to do this?”</p>

      <p>“Looks like it. Apparently, after hearing about what you and I can do, he came up with this combo. I’m glad it went well. Through this, I can do something guildmastery in form, if not in substance.”</p>

      <p>“No, I’d say this makes you many times more competent than your average guildmaster. I have to hand it to you, Master...”</p>

      <p>“Snow, please stop calling me that. I dunno why, but being called that by a girl like you gets to me. Could you call me by my name instead?”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Uh-huh. Roger that.”</p>

      <p>When she saw that it really did bother me, she nodded. On the whole, she was rather meek and pliable. She could even be called weak-willed.</p>

      <p>“Ah, another robber,” I said. <em>Dimension</em> caught a crime in progress at the edge of its area of effect.</p>

      <p>Another pause (as was common with her). “Urgh. Again?”</p>

      <p>“Mr. Vohlzark and his people are nearby, so tell them to handle it. Let’s score some brownie points.”</p>

      <p>“That sounds like work.”</p>

      <p>“C’mon, Snow, we may be on the clock, but we’ve gotta catch the robber for the sake of the people who call Laoravia home too.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Look, if it’s a pain, it’s a pain. And it’s not something anybody’s commissioned the guild for, so...”</p>

      <p>While she was rather meek, she was also <em>extremely</em> work-shy. She didn’t like putting her all into anything, she hated getting tired, and she slacked off whenever possible—to a downright absurd extent.</p>

      <p>“A pain? All you have to do is repeat what I said, don’t you?”</p>

      <p>“I thought a job where all I have to do is parrot stuff would be easy street, but it’s surprisingly tiresome.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, don’t forget that I’m the one doing all the filing that you’re supposed to be doing. I’m happy to stop helping you, you know?”</p>

      <p>“You’re killing me here.”</p>

      <p>“Just tell them already.”</p>

      <p>Leveraging the fact that I was shouldering some of her work, I got Snow to start speaking into her gem, albeit with a look of resignation. Mr. Vohlzark was walking through town when he heard her message, and he replied.</p>

      <p>I took <em>Dimension</em> and turned it into <em>Layered Dimension</em>, focusing it on the immediate area around him so that I could pick up on the movements of his lips and the vibrations of his voice. From what he was saying, he had the energy to take down the brigand. Looking at their stats, I knew I had nothing to worry about. The thief was low-level and Mr. Vohlzark had enough HP. A direct confrontation shouldn’t be a problem.</p>

      <p>“Good, he said he’ll do it. Now then, tell him to head toward the market at Lot 67. When he’s close enough, I’ll give him more detailed navigation. Incidentally, the target’s Level 5 and there’s nothing to take note of, so ask him to arrest the brigand head-on.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll tell him.” She repeated my instructions.</p>

      <p>Having received my orders through the magic gem, the hulk of a man zipped toward the criminal, getting closer and closer. I kept track of the movements of both pursuer and target through <em>Dimension</em>, the gap between them closing like two chess pieces on the game board. Before long, the two bumped into each other and the brigand was apprehended. It couldn’t have been clearer who was stronger between them, and the battle ended in a flash. Mr. Vohlzark took the rogue to the store they had victimized, and the proprietor burst into tears of joy at the return of the stolen goods. Judging by those tears, if the items had remained stolen, the damage to the shopkeeper’s livelihood might have been grave. I was happy to have prevented such a tragedy.</p>

      <p>Then the robber was taken to a government-run public safety office, and that was the end of it. The whole thing had taken a matter of minutes, but we’d rescued yet another citizen of Laoravia.</p>

      <p>“Phew... the shopkeeper’s expressing his joy...”</p>

      <p>“Is he now.”</p>

      <p>It seemed Snow wasn’t able to identify with my relief. She was looking up at the sky through the window, indifference written on her face. Whenever she didn’t have anything to do, she had a habit of basking in the sun like that.</p>

      <p>“If you’re free, I’d like you to help me with the paperwork and such.”</p>

      <p>“It’s okay. Thanks to you, enough of it’s already been done that I won’t get yelled at.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, okay, so that’s your standard for what’s good enough.”</p>

      <p>“I’m not like you. I don’t like doing everything that’s in my power to the best of my ability.”</p>

      <p>Over the course of the day, I’d gotten a grasp of Snow’s personality. She was of the opinion that she wasn’t compatible with me as guildmaster, and it wasn’t as though I didn’t understand where she was coming from. Back in my world and when I had gone to school, I’d had exactly the same stance as her. Being in this world was entirely to blame for my working so hard now. If not for how tough it was to get by in this environment, chances were high I’d be behaving the same way.</p>

      <p>“I mean, sure, but if you aren’t there to watch me, I won’t be able to rest easy. After all, I’m a newbie, and there’s always the possibility I’m operating under the wrong assumptions.”</p>

      <p>“That’s Palinchron’s fault for allocating us like this. We should have resigned ourselves the moment an outsider started doing the filing.”</p>

      <p>“That’s true. Giving a newbie all these important documents to sort through on his first day is all kinds of crazy.”</p>

      <p>“Exactly. And as such, I can’t be blamed. And since I can’t be blamed, I won’t put in any more effort than I am now.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, gotcha.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t chide her. I merely faced Paperwork Mountain again in silence. And that was because simply by communicating to people through her magic gems, she was doing the work of dozens.</p>

      <p>The colors outside the window were getting a touch of red as the sun started descending. The paperwork I’d been doing since noon was just about over with too, and the guild parties that were scattered about had completed their respective tasks. I reckoned I had done a decent job for my first day as guildmaster. I mustered the resolve to finish up the remaining paperwork and buckled down, but just as I was about to be done with it at last, I detected somebody entering the Epic Seeker headquarters.</p>

      <p>Now that the sun was setting, almost all of the members had gone home for the day, Ms. Tayly among them. I was holding her report on the mission she had cleared earlier.</p>

      <p>After realizing that someone had started conversing with Palinchron over by the entranceway, I left Snow behind and headed toward the two. I wanted to report to them the fruits of the day’s labor and, if possible, get their appraisals of me straight from the horse’s mouth.</p>

      <p>I walked through the interior of Epic Seeker’s home base, arriving at a place where I could hear Palinchron and Ms. Tayly talk.</p>

      <p>“So whaddya think? Kanami’s outstanding as guildmaster, ain’t he?”</p>

      <p>“He is. More so than even you. We received accurate info at scary fast speeds. He’s basically completely negated the need for the intel-gathering process. Thanks to that, we wrapped up the commission that had a seven-day deadline in mere hours. It almost feels like <em>cheating.</em>”</p>

      <p>“If the guys over in the suzerain land knew about either Kanami or Snow, they’d do anything to get their hands on such shining talents. You’ve seen how well their skills combine. Isn’t that only natural?”</p>

      <p>“It’s only natural, he says... But they still lack experience. If they didn’t have connections, few would know of them.”</p>

      <p>“What they lack in connections and experience, the guild members can make up for with their own. Those two are straight-edged. They’ll listen to what their elders have to say. And don’t worry about widening their circles; I’m already teaching them lots.”</p>

      <p>“You’re putting an awful lot of effort into his success. I see you’re serious with regard to Kanami. I’ve never seen you this antsy, Palinchron.”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh, if I look antsy, I’ve still got a ways to go. Hey, I just wanna go to the suzerain land worry-free, that’s all.”</p>

      <p>It was a bad habit of mine. Whenever <em>Dimensions</em> was active, I turned into an eavesdropper without even meaning to. I walked over to the two at a quick pace, partly to avoid eavesdropping more than I already had.</p>

      <p>“Palinchron, I’ve basically finished all the paperwork-related stuff.”</p>

      <p>“Oh hey, if it ain’t Kanami. All right, so how much of it is left?”</p>

      <p>“How much is left? Er, well, basically nothing...”</p>

      <p>Apart from the slight amount I’d left for Snow’s sake, I’d completed absolutely all of the documents I’d been handed.</p>

      <p>Palinchron looked flabbergasted. “Nothing? Did you see the size of that heap of papers?”</p>

      <p>“Yep, and I did it all. You told me that doing it was the guildmaster’s job, didn’t you? So I got it all over with today.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, hold on. Something’s off! There’s no way you could finish it all that easily! Sure, there were documents you just had to give a look-see, but there were also others that involved super tedious income and expenditure calculations!”</p>

      <p>It was true; there were such documents. But I was already done knocking the numbers around—the guild logistics and its attendant costs, the personnel expenses for everyone, the details of balancing earnings and expenditures, etc.</p>

      <p>“Maybe it’s because the math I’m using is different? Bookkeeping and math are both strong suits of mine.”</p>

      <p>“You... You’re not joking?”</p>

      <p>“Plus, using <em>Layered Dimension</em>, I can really play nasty and look at multiple documents at the same time. Also, now that I’ve leveled up, I’ve got the feeling that I’m able to think about multiple things at the same time too.”</p>

      <p>I’d recently started to notice how clearly my brain power had increased compared to when I was back on Earth. I wasn’t just talking about the speed of my thoughts either. The very <em>way</em> my thinking worked had changed. One facet of that change was the segmentation of my thought streams, allowing me to multitask.</p>

      <p>“Could it be that Snow put her all into helping you with it?”</p>

      <p>“Er, not really. I’d say she barely helped me with it at all.”</p>

      <p>In fact, I’d done Snow’s share of the work for her. She’d earnestly informed me about all sorts of stuff that morning, but only so she could foist everything on me. She’d been loafing around since noon.</p>

      <p>“It’s true, that’s insanely fast even if Snow gave you a hand with it... Sure, you may have leveled up, but that shouldn’t be reason enough for you to be able to pull that off... On the other hand, I guess it’s maybe not impossible, given the special traits of your magic energy? Or maybe it’s a quality of dimensional magic...or maybe it’s the price you paid?”</p>

      <p>“In any case, I’m done. I can call it a day now, right?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, yeah, sorry. In fact, considering all the work you did today, you can call it a <em>week</em>.”</p>

      <p>“What? That was seven days’ worth?” I asked, surprised.</p>

      <p>At first, I’d been taken aback by the quantity of papers, but I’d tackled it thinking it was a reasonable amount of material for one day at a mid-size organization. The fact that it was actually a week’s worth of work felt underwhelming.</p>

      <p>“Palinchron,” said Ms. Tayly, “maybe it’s not magic or what have you. Maybe it’s Kanami himself who’s a bit...peculiar?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t say it out loud; I’m stunned too.”</p>

      <p>The two of them looked at me like I had two heads. I smiled wryly. “Uh, so, I guess I should just focus on helping out the members then?”</p>

      <p>“Actually, it looks like the jobs assigned for the week are finished for the most part too. Tayly’s given us her report, and with that, everyone’s quests have been accomplished...thanks to your assistance, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>“Uh...isn’t that too little work?” I asked honestly. I didn’t know what I was going to do the next day.</p>

      <p>“It’s true that the work I gave you is on the low side; it’s your first week as guildmaster, after all. But still...it wasn’t <em>that</em> little work. If anything, it was the average amount for a guild.”</p>

      <p>“It... It was?”</p>

      <p>I myself was starting to notice just how consequential this was—the sheer grandness of my capabilities and the sheer scope of my ability to command whenever I had Snow’s magic to help me. It seemed it gave rise to a state of affairs so out of the ordinary that it sped up the guild’s workings by a factor of seven.</p>

      <p>Palinchron looked sullen. “I’ll talk it over with Laoravia and bring you more work to do next week. Until then, go ahead and clear some more of the Dungeon. That’ll contribute to the guild too, so far as it goes.”</p>

      <p>“Roger that,” I said, nodding.</p>

      <p>“What about us, Palinchron?” said Ms. Tayly.</p>

      <p>“Just like always, you can use your spare time any way you like. You can take on quests through public organizations, and you can go wherever you want with your party.”</p>

      <p>“Got it.”</p>

      <p>From the look of it, I’d gotten too enthusiastic with it being my first day on the job, and now nobody in Epic Seeker had any work to do. Once we were done discussing the policy going forward, we decided to disperse, and I made my way to the training grounds, where the guild members who had nothing planned were hanging out. I’d gone there to apologize for being such an eager beaver, but they told me there was no need to say sorry. Almost all of them seemed to think there was nothing better than wrapping up their work early. Far from criticizing me, more people than not praised me for the high precision of my orders.</p>

      <p>I spent my time there deepening my bond with the guild members. With some, I accepted requests for rematches. With others, we taught each other about magic. In doing so, I closed the distance between me and them, a little at a time.</p>

      <p>When night came, I bade Snow goodnight, ate dinner with Maria, and shared a bed with her again. And that was how my first day as guildmaster ended. I couldn’t have hoped for a smoother start.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>On my second day of guild life, without any work to do (on account of my being too revved up the day prior), I found myself standing before the entrance to the Dungeon.</p>

      <p>Snow had said she would “spend the day sky-gazing,” so I’d forced her to accompany me. Otherwise, she would have just been screwing around doing nothing. Besides, Palinchron had told us to work as a unit.</p>

      <p>“All right, it’s time to Dungeon dive.”</p>

      <p>“Ugh, what a hassle.”</p>

      <p>“Snow, this is another of the guild’s tasks. Palinchron told me to either extend the Pathway or take down a Guardian.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, but he didn’t give you a deadline. Why don’t we just phone it in?”</p>

      <p>“I wouldn’t go so far as to say ‘phone it in,’ but I don’t intend to go all out either. For the most part, I plan to look for treasure while hunting easy monsters here and there.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. There’s a chance that monsters you consider easy enemies are ones I view as a pain.”</p>

      <p>“You’re good, Snow. I mean it. You can just phone it in. I’m gonna do most everything myself. All you have to do is watch from behind.”</p>

      <p>As usual, I convinced her not to flake out on me. To be honest, I didn’t expect all that much from a lazy bones like her, but she did harbor a minimum sense of responsibility for me, so if I was in danger, she’d most likely step in. She was my insurance in case the shit hit the fan, so to speak.</p>

      <p>“Oh? I’m just watching? That’s good. I’m happy with that.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, great. Now then, let’s go in.”<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【PARTY】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Snow Walker has joined.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I entered the Dungeon alongside Snow as the notification hit my eyes.</p>

      <p>There we were, in the damp, dark corridors. That musty blood smell, those paths with the characteristic points of luminescence... Part of me was feeling <em>nostalgic.</em> I was back in the Dungeon. For some reason, all it had taken was that fire to make me miss the place terribly.</p>

      <p>“Kanami, something wrong?”</p>

      <p>I’d halted in my tracks at some point. “No, it’s nothing. Let’s go.”</p>

      <p>“Okay.”</p>

      <p>I shook off that emotion that was useless for Dungeon diving and continued down the hallway. In the past, I’d... I’d reached Floor 24. I remembered.</p>

      <p>Exploring Floor 24 had proven it was a harsh floor, so I had chosen to level grind at Floor 19 instead. That was my latest memory. But the memory was like an old, blurry, black-and-white photo. There were dark spots in all the most pivotal parts, so I was having trouble excavating the memory. Maybe the vagueness of my memories from around that point in time was due to the shock of the fire.</p>

      <p>But I couldn’t complain. I pulled myself together and determined a plan of action for our dive. My companion was Level 16, and her stats weren’t much different from mine. That being said, in terms of endurance, she probably had me beat by a few ranks. She also had a rich selection of magic she’d acquired, and her well was fathomless.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Snow Walker</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 530/533</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 229/240</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Scout</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 16</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 10.22</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 10.02</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 5.24</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 5.43</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 7.92</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 10.86</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 2.62</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Draconic Protection 1.09, Optimal Moves 1.89, Ancient Magic 2.04</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Mind’s Eye 1.07, Blood Magic 1.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: None</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Our objective for the day was to grind at Level 19 or thereabouts, then reestablish the <em>Connection</em> portal at Floor 20. Thanks to the fire, the registration of all of my <em>Connection</em> doors had been dispelled, forcing me to go in from Level 1 again. It was a pain, but it couldn’t be helped. I figured I’d zip straight to Floor 20.</p>

      <p>Since the Pathway reached all the way to Floor 23, the way there was a breeze. Furthermore, for divers on our level, the single-digit floors presented no threats. After a few hours of walking, we were able to reach Floor 10 without a hitch.</p>

      <p>When we entered Floor 10, we were taken aback by its dreariness.</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh? There’s nothing here.”</p>

      <p>“Just a little while ago, there was a sea of fire in here. Looks like it’s true—the Guardian of Floor 10 really is dead.”</p>

      <p>“Really? If that’s true, that’s amazing. It’d take a bona fide <em>hero</em> to take down a Guardian, wouldn’t it? I wonder what the person who did it is like?”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know much, but even I knew that the entities called Guardians were terribly strong. They were boss monsters that not even parties composed of the strongest divers could beat. They were the stuff of legends for all who ventured into the Dungeon.</p>

      <p>“Amazing is right, though I’m pretty sure it must’ve been you who did it.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Me? Why?”</p>

      <p>“Never mind. I’m just talking to myself.”</p>

      <p>“You say that, but you said it so that I could hear, didn’t you?”</p>

      <p>“I can’t be assed to say any more. Let’s keep going.”</p>

      <p>I sighed, nodding reluctantly. “All right, fine.”</p>

      <p>Whenever Snow said a topic of conversation was a pain, there could be no continuing it. That had been driven home for me the day prior while we were working together. As such, I didn’t press her. Whatever she was talking about was probably connected to what she’d said about my memories on the day we met. It wasn’t something I wanted to hear over and over.</p>

      <p>We silently walked across the now-barren Floor 10. No vestige of the blazing fire that once characterized the room was anywhere to be seen. Likely because of that jump between then and now, it felt all the more hollow. It was so empty, it practically screamed that those majestic and pompous flames would never return. It had nothing to do with me and yet...it felt so melancholic for some reason.</p>

      <p>That strange emotion enveloped me as I set up a magic gateway in a corner of the room.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Connection</em>.”</p>

      <p>I took a camo-cloth from my inventory and shrouded the door with it so that it wouldn’t stand out.</p>

      <p>“This is dimensional magic?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Now I’ll be able to come and go from my office at the guild.”</p>

      <p>“But if you leave it like this, other divers will use it, no?”</p>

      <p>“Ugh, you’re right. Let’s do it this way. Spellcast: <em>Ice.</em>”</p>

      <p>I used ice magic to lightly freeze the portal. The <em>Connection</em> doorway was brittle and crumbled easily. Normally, one wouldn’t be able to freeze it solid, but as I was the one who had cast the spell, I had a flawless grasp of its structure, so I was able to freeze it without destroying it.</p>

      <p>Because I had woven the spell while visualizing something different from the typical <em>Ice</em>, it behooved me to give it a new name: <em>Ice Lock.</em></p>

      <p>“You froze it?” asked Snow.</p>

      <p>“If someone tries to melt the ice, the door will break. The only one who can melt it and still be able to use it is me, since I was the one who cast both spells. Guess I’ll name this one <em>Ice Lock</em>.”</p>

      <p>“Weird name. But I suppose it’s better than nothing?”</p>

      <p>“Either way, putting a door on Floor 10 isn’t particularly useful. Let’s set one up on Floor 20 good and quick. Your average diver can’t reach Floor 20, so I can rest easier if that’s where the portal is.”</p>

      <p>“Oof. Can’t we just call it a day here?”</p>

      <p>“Nope. Let’s go, Snow.”</p>

      <p>“Urgh.”</p>

      <p>With that, we ventured farther into the Dungeon.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>We were walking down the Pathway on Floor 14, on our way to Floor 20, when it happened.</p>

      <p>“The hell is that?”</p>

      <p>I spotted a monster traveling at high-speed within <em>Dimension</em>’s range, stopping us in our tracks. It moved at velocities that outstripped the monsters of Floor 14. Figuring it must be a formidable one, I promptly used Analyze from afar.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MONSTER】Line Skitter: Rank 1</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Contrary to my expectations, it was weirdly low-level. Now it was out of place on Floor 14 in a whole different way. It looked like a small mouse that was glowing blue. But it was no normal glow.</p>

      <p>Curious, I decided to chase after it. Snow, who stood behind me, looked like she could fall asleep at any moment. I let her be and walked in the direction of the Line Skitter without her. However, since it was running around without settling in a specific area, getting closer to it was no mean feat. The more I gave chase, though, the more I came to understand the rules and patterns governing its running path. I now knew for sure that no amount of walking would ever lead to an encounter with it. Left with no other choice, I made Snow wait for me on the Pathway so that I could go out on the hunt. Snow couldn’t keep up with my all-out running speed—a peculiarity born of our stats. My stats specialized in speed, while hers were focused on endurance.</p>

      <p>After warning her not to fall asleep on the Pathway, I blasted off in pursuit of the Line Skitter. Predicting which corridors it would dart down, I gradually closed the distance by repeatedly heading it off. After a few minutes of that, I succeeded in coming face-to-face with the fleet-footed creature. I then retrieved my sword from my inventory and slashed at it to see what would happen. The second I did, the Line Skitter picked up its pace.</p>

      <p>“What the?!”</p>

      <p>That one swing was the only one I got. The thing easily dodged it and zipped right past me, disappearing down the shadowy corridor. Initially, I tried to chase after it, but then I remembered it was speedy enough to evade my sword and I stopped in my tracks. In all likelihood, its top speed outstripped my own. There was no doubt about it now—this was a special miniboss-type creature. A “bonus monster,” if you would. At least, that was the feeling I got.</p>

      <p>Realizing that simply chasing after it would yield no results, I was forced to put the sword back in my inventory. This was starting to get exciting.</p>

      <p>I searched my arsenal of spells and my inventory for a path to victory. The spell that usually made me the most confident, <em>Wintermension</em>, was a no-go for this. That spell was for intercepting enemies that were coming at me. It did very little to impede an enemy that was fleeing <em>from</em> me. The same went for <em>Blizzardmension</em>. While it did apply a deceleration effect, it’d be exceedingly difficult to get the Line Skitter within its range. Sure, I could spend more magic energy to enlarge its area of effect, but it’d probably be a long shot regardless. I also had <em>Ice Arrow</em> for a long-range attack, but given how fast the target was, I wasn’t confident I could hit it, even with the help of <em>Dimension: Calculash.</em> As such, my one remaining option was a spell that was more of a trap.</p>

      <p>I took some water out of my inventory and created a large pool of water in the path I knew the Line Skitter would cross. Then I placed one pocket of <em>Snowmension</em> over it. Needless to say, I didn’t make it burst just yet. Since the creature raced across the floor, the chances were high it would fall for the trap. And since it was only Rank 1, I figured even a trap this cheap and fast might get the job done.</p>

      <p>After making five such puddles, I ascertained the Line Skitter’s position and chased after it like I had before; I was corralling it toward the group of traps I’d laid. I had to be as fast as possible. The crux of the water trap lay in <em>Snowmension</em>. If a separate monster caused <em>Snowmension</em> to activate, the trap would go to waste.</p>

      <p>As I chased the thing around and around, it finally stepped inside the area with the trap. I devoted my full attention to getting the timing for activating the trap exactly right. And the instant that the Line Skitter stepped in the water, I made <em>Snowmension</em> burst open. The cold air popped out of its sphere, freezing the water in a flash—and of course, the monster’s legs with it.</p>

      <p>I used <em>Dimension</em> to confirm that I’d captured my prey before hurrying over to it. I saw it there, squeaking as it struggled to extricate itself from the ice. It looked as though this monster was all speed and no power. My heart panged for it slightly, but I reminded myself repeatedly that this was just the law of the jungle and sliced the Line Skitter’s body with my blade.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【TITLE UNLOCKED: Brightline Sprint】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+0.05 to AGI.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Then I used Analyze on the magic gem drop.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【CRESCENT PECTOLAZRI】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>An aggregation of magic energy that emits a flash of light.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>A rare drop from the cursed monster of unmatched speed.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>That description only underlined the fact that it was a rare gem. It was a relief to know that the reward was commensurate with the effort I expended. Having accomplished what I’d set out to do, I made my way back to where Snow was—to find her with her eyes closed on the edge of the Pathway...despite how pointedly I’d cautioned her. She wasn’t snoring, which was the least one might expect, but it still chagrined me.</p>

      <p>“Snow, I <em>told</em> you not to fall asleep.”</p>

      <p>“Mrhmm. Huh, wha? Oh, I’m awake, I’m awake.”</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah? Even though you were slow on the uptake just now?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it. Never mind that—did you kill the thing you saw?” she asked, trying to change the subject. She was such a dyed-in-the-wool lazybones that it was clearly no use admonishing her.</p>

      <p>“Yep, I caught it in a trap. Look at what it dropped.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, wow. This thing’s so rare that in any given year, it’s not guaranteed that even one will make the rounds in the whole of the Dungeon Alliance. It’s a Crescent Pectolazri, if I’m not wrong?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, you’re right. I worked my ass off for it.”</p>

      <p>“It’s not a given that you’ll get a drop upon killing one of those things. That’s why they’re so few and far between. Nice that it did drop for you, huh, Kanami?”</p>

      <p>“Is that right? Guess luck was on my side!”</p>

      <p>And I’d been all the luckier considering how coincidental it was that I’d detected the Line Skitter through <em>Dimension</em> to begin with.</p>

      <p>“All righty, now that you’ve grabbed yourself a goodie, what say we get a move on?” she said, a faux show of enthusiasm.</p>

      <p>It couldn’t have been more obvious that she just didn’t want to get told off again after she’d caught those Zs on the Pathway earlier.</p>

      <p>I sighed. “Yeah, you’re right. Let’s keep going.”</p>

      <p>If I’d had my way, I’d have lectured her for a good hour or so. It wasn’t unheard of for Dungeon monsters to brave the Pathway, there was always a chance she’d get attacked by other divers, and there were any number of situations she might not see coming. But Snow being the way she was, it was highly likely it would all fall on deaf ears. I pondered ways to rectify her personality as we walked down the corridor. And so, after a spot of good fortune, we pressed farther into the Dungeon.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>I’d told Snow that she didn’t have to do any fighting, but that promise went out the window at around the halfway point of Floor 19. Unforeseen situations were unavoidable in the Dungeon, and now that we were surrounded by monsters, even Snow had no choice but to engage.</p>

      <p>We were up against Carmine Minotaurs, which were denizens of Floor 19, but Snow dispatched them with ease. Thanks to the boosts granted to her as a member of the dragonewt race, she was even stronger than her STR stat let on, and she borrowed two large weapons that were larger than her from me, which she brandished in battle. She was so rough with them, however, that she was tearing through the weapons like candy. All the same, her overwhelming display of strength convinced me that I didn’t need to worry about her. She was definitely a submaster of a guild under the control of a nation’s government for a reason.</p>

      <p>Since I no longer had to worry about my comrade behind me, our Dungeon diving got even faster. We progressed to Floor 20, which was another drab, lifeless space in the vein of Floor 10. I wasted no time setting up a <em>Connection</em> gateway in a corner of the room, just like I’d done on the tenth floor. With that, we could always take a shortcut to the twentieth.</p>

      <p>“All right, good. We’ve finished marking Floor 20 now too. Mission accomplished.”</p>

      <p>“Good, let’s go back, then. Time to call it a day and rock on home!”</p>

      <p>“We’re not calling it a day, but we can head back. I’m thinking I might get someone in Epic Seeker to cast a heal spell.”</p>

      <p>“A heal spell? You mean you wanna work me even more?”</p>

      <p>“Like you’re working that much now. Let’s get moving.”</p>

      <p>Through <em>Connection</em>, we traveled to the office at Epic Seeker HQ. Using <em>Dimension</em>, I searched for a member who could cast a healing spell. Since I’d demolished all the work for the week the day prior, it was easy to find someone with time on their hands.</p>

      <p>I called out to a member with a command of holy magic and had them heal my wounds. Not that I’d struggled very much; they were all just scratches to begin with. The mage who healed me grinned as they did so, which creeped me out. I asked them why, and they replied that healing the wounds of the strong was what made them get out of bed in the morning. As might be expected of an Epic Seeker healer, they clearly had some screws loose.</p>

      <p>After confirming that Snow and I had recovered our HP, I made to dive right back into the Dungeon, but Snow had something to say about it.</p>

      <p>“Please, I need a break.”</p>

      <p>“No can do. We’re in perfect shape again. There’s no reason not to go.”</p>

      <p>“If we don’t take any breaks, it’ll take a <em>mental</em> toll on us. Oh, I know! Take out the Crescent Pectolazri.”</p>

      <p>I retrieved it from my inventory and showed it to her. “What do you need with this thing?”</p>

      <p>“Let’s take it to our blacksmith. If it’s workable, we can ask them to make it into a new weapon for you. With a gem this rare, I figure it’ll turn out interesting.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, does Epic Seeker have a resident blacksmith? That does sound intriguing.”</p>

      <p>I could agree with the need to upgrade our weapons. I’d worn out some swords, and Snow had been a tornado of wear and tear on the weapons. At first, I’d thought relying on mass-produced stuff would be fine, but in the long run, I might need some more expensive, one-of-a-kind items with greater staying power.</p>

      <p>“All right, let’s go,” said Snow. “I’ll have them make all sorts of stuff. And I’ll be right there watching.”</p>

      <p>“Right there sleeping, more like,” I said with a strained smile.</p>

      <p>And so we headed for the atelier located at the edge of Epic Seeker HQ.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>“Er...hello, coming through,” I said, entering the atelier, from which black smoke was rising.</p>

      <p>The building looked big from the outside, but the inside was smaller than I expected. Work tools littered the space, making it quite cramped, and there were several timeworn workbenches and furnaces installed. It was sweltering hot in the room, and the air quality was poor, what with all the soot and dust. This wasn’t a place where one wished to stick around for very long.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Whazzat?” asked a long-haired man who was gazing at a sword in the back of the workroom. “A customer, is that it? Er, what business have you?”</p>

      <p>“I came bringing various magic gems. Could you make something for me?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, yes, yes, I see. Yes, that’s fine. Ain’t got anything to do anyway.”</p>

      <p>He put down the sword he’d been looking at and approached me while brushing up his long locks. With his face now bared, I was taken aback by the sheer number of scars carved into it. One of his eyes was permanently shut, and both his ears had been cut off. There were also burn scars all over his face. It was painful just looking at it.</p>

      <p>“Uh, it’s a...it’s a pleasure to meet you.”</p>

      <p>“Ack, sorry, did I startle ya? I don’t blame ya. First time can be a doozy—wait, hold on, you’re our guildmaster, ain’t ya? Ya didn’t have to waste your time coming to this filthy hole. Ya coulda called me and I’d have come, ya know.”</p>

      <p>“That’s all right, I’m the one with business, so it’s only fair I be the one to make the trip. And it’s not as though I’m here to order you as your guildmaster. I came here for personal reasons, just as a guy named Kanami. Your name’s, er...Mr. Alibers?”</p>

      <p>“Alibers Riverth. You remembered! Even though I didn’t duel ya during that round-robin.”</p>

      <p>“I memorized everyone’s names like my life depended on it.”</p>

      <p>We introduced ourselves as we shook hands. I had a little look at Mr. Alibers’s skills.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【SKILLS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Holy Magic 1.34</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Elemental Magic 0.23, Smithing 0.89, Swordplay 0.07</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>His Smithing skill wasn’t terribly high. If anything, he was more blessed in the combat department. He wasn’t very high-level, yet his magic power was top-notch. If somebody had told me he was a Dungeon-diving mage and not a blacksmith, I’d have believed them. The chances were high that he had indeed been a diver in the past but had switched to being a blacksmith after sustaining his injuries, causing a drop in his combat-relevant skills over time.</p>

      <p>“Now then, Master, what sortsa stuff’d ya bring me today?”</p>

      <p>“I brought a gem that Snow told me is rare.”</p>

      <p>I fetched the gem from my inventory. And while I was at it, I showed him all the stuff I thought might be rare from among the drops I’d accumulated. At the assortment of magic gems laid out on the workbench, Mr. Alibers got a gleam in his eye.</p>

      <p>“Well, I’ll be! You’ve got stuff ya seldom ever see, even in government money-changers’ shops.”</p>

      <p>“I’ve been accumulating a stockpile of them this whole time. Would you be able to use one or more of these to make me a sturdy, durable weapon?”</p>

      <p>“You bet I can. With this much to work with, I can make basically anything.”</p>

      <p>“If you could, please; thank you. It’s been a pain because my weapons keep breaking on me.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t wanna imagine what monsters your weapons are breaking against. I do repair broken weapons as well, ya know? If ya bring ’em to me, I might able to make use o’ them.”</p>

      <p>“Really, sir?”</p>

      <p>“Most o’ the time, though, it’s cheaper to buy new than to repair.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. I’ll take them out for you.”</p>

      <p>Overjoyed that I could get weapons repaired someplace so close by, I fetched my damaged weapons from my inventory. I did so in full view of Mr. Alibers, as I had no intention of hiding my inventory ability from the people I’d be collaborating with. And since he expressed surprise, I gave him a light explanation.</p>

      <p>As I was taking out various items, I found a broken sword I had no recollection of. The edge of the blade was warped. The sword looked old, and the blade looked as though it had melted from being stuck into magma.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【TREASURED BLADE OF THE ARRACE CLAN - DAMAGED】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Attack Power 1</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>It essentially had the same attack power as swinging an iron rod. It did, however, contain the word “treasured” in its name. If one were to go off the name alone, it would seem like a fine sword indeed.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t really remember how I’d got my hands on that one. Not that it was uncommon for me to shove valuables left behind in the Dungeon into my inventory. I’d probably picked it up during a dive. I didn’t give it too much thought; I just put the damaged sword on the table for Mr. Alibers.</p>

      <p>“I think that’s all of them.”</p>

      <p>“Well, that is a lot.”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, sorry about that.”</p>

      <p>“Now then, let me have a look-see.”</p>

      <p>I decided to survey the weapons alongside Mr. Alibers. If I came to understand what made a weapon repairable or not, it would come in handy for future Dungeon dives. Snow, meanwhile, was sitting on the floor in a corner of the room, grasping her knees, and she was beginning to nod off.</p>

      <p>“From what I can see, out of the weapons here, the swords are in the best shape. If they’re sharpened, they can more or less see action again. But I’m thinking these huge weapons are a lost cause. The bases are warped and the blades’re battered. Best bet’s to melt ’em down and turn ’em into materials.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>It seemed that the weapons Snow had used were in particularly bad shape.</p>

      <p>“Which leaves us with...hmm, huh? Could this one be...” Mr. Alibers took the Treasured Blade of the Arrace Clan in his hand.</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter?”</p>

      <p>“No, it’s just this one was forged by a skilled artisan. It’s made o’ rare ore, so the maker’s signature oughta be engraved on it, but...it’s in such terrible condition that I can’t see one.”</p>

      <p>“Uh, I think it had the word ‘Arrace’ on it before,” I said, disclosing the information my menu-sight told me in the hopes that it would help him repair it.</p>

      <p>“Arrace? Ya mean <em>those</em> Arraces? But I feel like that’s different from the signature...”</p>

      <p>“What does Arrace mean?”</p>

      <p>“What? Well, I mean, I’m guessing it’s Arrace, as in the big noble clan. They churn out droves o’ outstanding swordfighters, and it’s the noble house with that famous Blademaster, Sir Fenrir Arrace, in it.”</p>

      <p>“Wow. That’s crazy.”</p>

      <p>As he answered my question, he never took his eye off the blade. Clearly, he had a keen interest in the curious sight of this high-quality sword.</p>

      <p>“Hrmm. Unfortunately, I ain’t good enough to repair this. The ore’s too special.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, you can just melt it down into raw materials.” To me, it was only a sword I had found on the road. Yet the moment I said that, a chill ran down my spine for some reason. I wondered why.</p>

      <p>“No, you oughta keep it with ya. It may be impossible for me, but there’s still hope if ya visit a blacksmith in Whoseyards.”</p>

      <p>“Huh. There is?”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t as though I had any particular attachment to the blade. I would’ve been fine if he’d turned it into materials, but in his eyes, that would have been a waste.</p>

      <p>“The other thing that jumped out at me is this gem here. A Crescent Pectolazri, if I recall. If ya sell it, you could spend the next three years high on the hog. Ya sure ya want me to take it?”</p>

      <p>“What?! Three years?!”</p>

      <p>Its sheer value had me stupefied. After all, one of my goals was to cover Maria’s medical expenses. If I sold the gem, it would resolve that problem completely.</p>

      <p>“Then again, if ya use it, you can create something just as valuable. Coat a sword with it and you can make it nice and sturdy. But personally, I think it’d make more sense to make it into a magic item that leverages the gem, like a ring or necklace.”</p>

      <p>“A sturdy weapon is more of a necessity for me than a magic item would be, so...”</p>

      <p>“Well, looking at this small-scale disaster scene, I know where you’re coming from. And that certainly helps <em>me</em> out ’cause making weapons is more in my nature. Right then, if it’s okay with you, I suppose I’ll be taking the broken weapons and the gems it’s reasonable to take.”</p>

      <p>“Go right ahead.”</p>

      <p>Mr. Alibers and I made a record of the weapons and gems that were part of our transaction. We also decided on a delivery date. When I requested that a sturdy weapon be made for me as soon as possible, he gave it a little thought before making a proposal.</p>

      <p>“If I’m to do it fast, it’d be ideal to increase my manpower. With more workers, the quality won’t suffer. If I invite a blacksmith I know who works in town, it’ll go that much faster. But if we do it that way, it’ll cost ya a fair bit more.”</p>

      <p>“That’s okay. In the long run, it’ll be cheaper than tearing through weapon after weapon. Please do it as fast as you can.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. Then I guess this is how much I’ll ask o’ ya... I’ll turn the gems I don’t use into money at a money-changer’s for ya too. Ya seem busy, is why.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks. You’re helping me out a ton.”</p>

      <p>“Now then, I’ll prepare your weapons in no time. Here’s the contract. As for the details and market prices, ask Snow over there about ’em. She may seem dopey, but she knows her stuff when it comes to that sorta thing. If I’m rippin’ ya off, don’t worry, you can come here and complain to me.”</p>

      <p>“She does? Okay, understood.”</p>

      <p>My eyes shifted to Snow, who was lying in the corner. I’d been thinking of asking one of the other two submasters, Palinchron or Mr. Rayle, about that kind of thing, but I guessed Snow was knowledgeable enough too.</p>

      <p>“And now, we get into the most important topic of all.”</p>

      <p>“The most important topic, sir?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. We haven’t decided on the number-one most vital aspect of making a weapon.”</p>

      <p>And here I had thought we’d talked about basically everything. But from where the blacksmith was standing, we had yet to settle on something so essential that he called it our chief concern.</p>

      <p>“The most important? What on Earth might that be?”</p>

      <p>“I’m talking about its <em>design!</em>”</p>

      <p>I exhaled. “Its design?”</p>

      <p>“That’s right! The look o’ the thing! The decoration! That’s more crucial than anything! Beauty beats craftsmanship! If the sword’s easy on the eyes, that’ll reflect in your gorgeous command of the blade, won’t it?!”</p>

      <p><em>Oh. He’s like</em> that.</p>

      <p>I’d figured him for a serious person, but then again, he was right at home at Epic Seeker. His trains of thought were not on the right tracks.</p>

      <p>“I’m trusting these weapons with my life, sir. Please focus more on the craftsmanship than on appearances.”</p>

      <p>“That’s all the more reason! The moment you breathe your last, as your blood sprays through the air, if your sword looks too drab, you can’t call that a satisfying death, can ya?! The death of a hero’s gotta be <em>beautiful!</em>”</p>

      <p>“Sir, the point of the weapon is to make sure I <em>don’t</em> die. I’m not sparing the moment I die any thought.”</p>

      <p>“And that’s a bad thing, Master! While the things ya do when you’re alive are important, the way ya die’s even more important!”</p>

      <p>“What I do while I’m alive is more important. I don’t care about what it looks like, so please make me something simple and sturdy and nothing too artsy.”</p>

      <p>“Ya can’t mean that! Giving badass swordfighters badass swords to use is my purpose in life!”</p>

      <p>“Consider this an order from your guildmaster. Please focus on making it durable.”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, hate to break it to ya, but that don’t work in Epic Seeker. We violate orders on a daily basis! Especially if following orders would make things less epic!”</p>

      <p>“In that case, forget I said anything.”</p>

      <p>“No, no, I’d hate that! I’m seconds away from being a part of the making of the guildmaster’s sword!”</p>

      <p>“Then take the job seriously. I don’t want to have to take my business to some far-off atelier when there’s one so close by.”</p>

      <p>“Urgh, then there’s nothing else for it, is there? What if I made something sturdy and <em>then</em> paid attention to the decorative part?”</p>

      <p>“If all the decorative part does is make the sword a tad heavier, I’m willing to make that compromise. But I won’t pay you for that bit.”</p>

      <p>“It can’t be helped. I’ll pay outta pocket for that part, and I’ll manage somehow.”</p>

      <p>“Pay out of pocket? Can’t you just concede on making it ‘cool’? Is there really no other option?”</p>

      <p>“Nope, none.”</p>

      <p>“Seriously?”</p>

      <p>Mr. Alibers unfurled some thick paper onto the workbench, after which he began drawing an artist’s impression with his quill.</p>

      <p>“If you’ve got any requests, let me hear ’em. Personally, I’m thinking of making a simple straight edge with an underlying tone of white. That way I can make it nice and durable. Then I’ll apply some silverwork and engrave some letters into it with melted green gemstone. Whaddya think?”</p>

      <p>I was captivated by the superb design he’d put onto the page. “I can’t say your obsession hasn’t borne fruit... That being said, if we’re going by what I prefer, I’d make the letters blue rather than green. Gives it a more invigorating feel.”</p>

      <p>“So you prefer a cleaner look. Roger that. I’ll take that into account.”</p>

      <p>“The other considerations are cohesiveness and gracefulness. A sword that lacks balance is hard to use, so please make it symmetrical.”</p>

      <p>“Hrm, personally, I’m more of a fan of asymmetry, but oh well. I’ll make up for it with the decorative bits.”</p>

      <p>Envisioning the end result, we knocked our preferences against each other in a lively exchange of ideas. It seemed that Mr. Alibers’s passion had sucked me in too, because I’d gotten excited myself. I could tell that the game-loving personality at my core was floating up to the surface. Mr. Alibers and I discussed the weapons for a long time, and before I knew it, the sun had set. After we’d exhausted everything we wanted to say, we bade each other goodbye with satisfied smiles on our faces.</p>

      <p>“Be seeing ya, Master. This’ll be my first big job in a while, so forgive me if I get fired up.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you, sir. Snow, we’re done now. Let’s go.”</p>

      <p>I grabbed Snow, who was lying in the corner, by the scruff of her neck. The long conversation, which she’d had no interest in, had lulled her into a sound sleep. Mr. Alibers smiled slightly at the sight, and I smiled wryly back at him as I dragged her out of the atelier. With the work he would be doing, diving past Floor 20, which we were going to do starting the next day, should be easier. To be honest, today’s dive was more of a diversion than anything else. It was no exaggeration to say that the true test of our mettle lay beyond the twentieth floor.</p>

      <p>After leaving the smith, Snow and I went into town. In order to prepare for the real dive to come, I went shopping and even stopped by a church. I was now Level 15, and as usual, I put my bonus points into magic. The number of opportunities I had to use <em>Dimension</em> had ratcheted up, and I couldn’t think of a better option, especially since it would increase my accuracy and precision.</p>

      <p>In a reverie about the new swords I would get, I went back to the room where Maria was waiting for me and drew my second day on the job to a close.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>