<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Great!” she said, smiling happily.</p>

      <p>I threw myself onto the bed beside my precious little sister, and she gripped my hand adoringly.</p>

      <p>“Your hand’s cold to the touch. It feels nice.”</p>

      <p>She relaxed, the tension leaving her body. It was then that I realized she’d been tense and on her toes the entire time I hadn’t been with her. And of course she had. She’d been tossed into another world, lost her eyes, and waited for her brother in the dark... How could her heart find any relief? There was no question that until my touch soothed her nerves, she hadn’t felt any peace of mind, not even for a second.</p>

      <p>I resolved to continue sharing a bed with Maria even after I received my room as guildmaster. I’d never leave her side again. I would be there for her. And if I wasn’t wrong, I’d made a promise to that effect in the past...</p>

      <p>As I tried to remember what exactly I’d promised, I closed my eyes and gave my body over to the land of sleep. I had the peace of mind that falling asleep beside family offered. And yet that nagging unease was still present. Now that we were together, brother and sister, I was supposed to be happy. There was something I couldn’t put my finger on.</p>

      <p>I shook my head a little and banished the thoughts from my mind. <em>Let’s just get some shut-eye for now. First things first; I’ve gotta carve out a secure place for us in this world.</em></p>

      <p>I was going to earn money to cover Maria’s medical expenses while consolidating my standing in Laoravia. And to accomplish that, I’d need to shed blood, sweat, and tears starting the next day. I didn’t have the time to sit and worry.</p>

      <p>I kept repeating that in my head, gripping Maria’s hand tight as I fell asleep.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>