<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: Some Quick and Easy Guild Work</h1>

      <p>Early the next morning, Snow and I went to a church to do our prayers in order to convert the EXP we’d accumulated into a proper level-up. I was now Level 16, and Snow was Level 17.</p>

      <p>Come nighttime, our new weapons would be complete. I knew that without the weapons, we’d just be wasting gear on Floor 27. While we wondered how to occupy our time until sundown, we tried to return to the guild. However, when I saw the crowd at the entrance, I stopped. If I remembered correctly, there shouldn’t have been any guild work today, and yet...</p>

      <p>“Did something happen?” I asked the crowd as their Guildmaster.</p>

      <p>The eyes of the people gathered by the entrance fell on me. Our gazes met, and I was amazed at the high-level members of the crowd. I didn’t need my menu-sight to be able to tell. The quality of the magic energy spilling out of their bodies spoke to their strength. Perhaps because my level had risen and the accuracy of my dimensional magic had increased, I got the feeling that my understanding of the magic energy in the air had likewise improved.</p>

      <p>From among the crowd, a man with particularly potent magic energy stepped forward.</p>

      <p>“That face. Am I correct in assuming you’re the guildmaster of Epic Seeker?”</p>

      <p>“Uh, yes, I am.”</p>

      <p>“Allow me to introduce myself. I’m the guildmaster of Supreme, Elmirahd Siddark. Nice to meet you.”</p>

      <p>The man with the excess of magic energy proffered a hand. I used Analyze as I gripped it.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Elmirahd Siddark</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 200/201</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 299/299</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Knight</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 20</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 4.79</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 2.81</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 4.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 7.29</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 7.19</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 18.09</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.67</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Elemental Magic 1.92</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Magical Combat 1.88, Swordplay 0.89</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>He was indisputably a man of extraordinary talent. Elemental magic was his innate skill, and his magic power was a cut above. In addition, his level and skills were high for his age; he must have been working hard from early on. His blond hair flowed freely down to his shoulders, and his almond-shaped eyes stood out. His attire was the garb of nobility, and his bearing was firm and resolute. The overall impression I got was one of cunning.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>