<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: Reunion</h1>

      <p>Snow entered the office that was my place of work.</p>

      <p>“Kanami,” she said as she handed me the paperwork in her hands. “Today, Epic Seeker’s on guard duty.”</p>

      <p>“What? Guard duty?”</p>

      <p>“The Brawl’s gonna begin soon. And that means that idiots will be coming in from outside the country. Public safety will probably take a hit. They said the stars aligned, so we should lend a hand.”</p>

      <p>“I see. So we got them to throw a steady stint of work our way. What period of time?”</p>

      <p>“I’m told that each guild will be taking turns working security. Our turn lasts from midday today to tonight only.”</p>

      <p>“That’s it, huh? For now, we need to hurry and summon everybody. Snow, if you could.”</p>

      <p>“Uh-huh.” She held up a magic gem, muttering into it to contact the guild members.</p>

      <p>“That really is super convenient, that gem thing.”</p>

      <p>“For the time being, I told them to get here by noon.”</p>

      <p>“That’s all I need. Let’s decide on where they’ll be stationed by the time they arrive.”</p>

      <p>“Do your best, Kanami!”</p>

      <p>“Yes, yes.”</p>

      <p>As if it was only natural, Snow started basking in the sun, sitting in a chair by the window. She clearly had no desire to help whatsoever. As I knew she disliked work that required fine details like this, I didn’t bother asking. I simply proceeded to do the work without her. To be honest, it was faster to do it alone than to receive half-assed “help.” My thinking speed was far beyond that of ordinary people anyway.</p>

      <p>“It’s another beautiful day,” Snow commented, looking up at the sky through the window. She seemed very comfy, relishing this stretch of not doing anything in particular.</p>

      <p>My hand didn’t stop as I gazed at her. I continued deciding on the areas each member would be in charge of. A little while later, the members who had heard the summons started entering one after another. While it wasn’t everyone, a reasonably large number of people showed up.</p>

      <p>I launched right into a thorough explanation of the situation and told them that I would be sending them to their posts starting at noon. And thus began the day’s guild activities.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Just like on my first day, I expanded <em>Dimension</em> across the city from my position in my office. What differed from my first day was the amount of work to be done. There were no documents on the desk. And since the members were simply policing their respective areas without a specific objective, there was no need to issue any instructions, so I had time to kill and then some.</p>

      <p>Snow was humming a tune as she lazed around nearby. This situation had to be heaven for her. She looked like she was on Cloud Nine.</p>

      <p>“We’ve got free time in spades, huh, Snow?”</p>

      <p>“Free time is so wonderful. Also, I refuse to dive.”</p>

      <p>I’d been thinking of asking her to accompany me for another dive, but she preemptively declined.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, let’s not do the Dungeon today. Instead, would it be okay to ask you a few personal questions? You know, to kill time?” I asked, expecting to be shot down.</p>

      <p>“Sure, I don’t mind. Just chatting isn’t a drag,” she replied, to my surprise.</p>

      <p>I reckoned a great way to use this time was to build up a smooth and harmonious relationship of cooperation with her. First, I asked her something that had been on my mind the whole time.</p>

      <p>“You’ve got a super famous big brother, right? Could you tell me more about him?”</p>

      <p>Snow Walker’s brother, Glenn Walker. The strongest Dungeon diver in human history. He didn’t have to be related to her for me to be plenty interested in the man. His title was enough.</p>

      <p>“He’s no one special. He’s pretty—no, he’s <em>way </em>useless. Or rather, we’re not that close, so I don’t know or care,” she said bitingly of her own brother.</p>

      <p>“From the way you call the guy known to be humanity’s strongest ‘useless,’ it sounds to me like you <em>are</em> close.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I dunno about that. I do talk to him, but I wouldn’t say we’re close. When we talk, it’s always just me telling him off for the stuff that makes him a good-for-nothing.”</p>

      <p>“As a big brother myself, that makes me pity him a little. Poor Mr. Glenn Walker...”</p>

      <p>“We’re not even blood-related, so I think it’s safe to say we aren’t close.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, really? You’re not blood-related?”</p>

      <p>“We’re adopted. The Walker Clan has a custom of mixing superior stock.”</p>

      <p>“Huh, I didn’t know that. Er, the Walker Clan—that’s one of the leading noble houses of Laoravia, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. The whole house is a pain. Thanks to Palinchron and Glenn, the blowback I’m getting petered out, but as a rule, they’re bossy and annoying.”</p>

      <p>“Why? What do they tell you to do?”</p>

      <p>“They keep telling me to make the Walker name known throughout the world like my brother. They openly stated that’s the reason they took me in.”</p>

      <p>“Damn, now that’s an insatiable lust for fame.”</p>

      <p>“Recently, they’ve been nagging me to get married. Before I knew it, I was betrothed to some dude I don’t even know.”</p>

      <p>“Like one of those political marriages? I’ve never met anyone affected by one before.”</p>

      <p>“Maybe if I make a name for myself as one of the submasters of Epic Seeker, they’ll let me be. Probably not, though,” she murmured, her expression turning depressed.</p>

      <p>“Wait, you’re telling me you don’t wanna get married? Knowing you, I figured you’d want to get hitched to a rich person so you could kick back and relax.”</p>

      <p>“I do need money...but getting married to a high-ranking noble wouldn’t make life any easier. It’s too much of a hassle.”</p>

      <p>“Well, if you’re against it, I think you ought to be clear and refuse his hand. If you don’t speak up, I think you’ll regret it.”</p>

      <p>“If I say no, it’d turn into a whole big thing. It’ll be tedious either way...and since that’s the case, better to just do nothing. It’s not like I’ve got a choice anyway.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean, you’ve got no choice?”</p>

      <p>“Try as I might, it’s all pointless in the end.”</p>

      <p>That was the moment I sensed just how warped Snow’s view of life was. She was so checked out that she’d even given up on her own marriage. In fact, to my eyes, she’d given up on <em>life</em>. Nothing on the planet mattered to her, hence how noncommittal she was and how slow she was to react to the world. No wonder she always wanted to slack off. It was heartbreaking. Some part of my soul was screaming that I couldn’t let her be so resigned to her fate.</p>

      <p>“So, tell me, what’s made you this apathetic? Is it something that happened to you in the past?”</p>

      <p>“Boy, you’re really stabbing straight to the heart of things,” she said, taken aback. She chuckled despite herself.</p>

      <p>“Sorry,” I replied. “I know I’m overstepping. It’s just that since we’re partners, I wanna get to know you sooner rather than later. I get the feeling that if I don’t, that’s something <em>I’ll</em> regret.” Something inside me that I couldn’t identify compelled me to keep flapping my gums.</p>

      <p>“Oh well, I don’t really mind. Not if it’s you.”</p>

      <p>“If I recall correctly, you’ve been a submaster of Epic Seeker since you were a little kid, right? Was it around then that something happened?”</p>

      <p>“Back in the day, I still had the innocence of a little kid. I was enthusiastic about doing guild work, and I had fun every day, because back then, I had my dreams.”</p>

      <p>“Wow, you being enthusiastic? I’m having trouble picturing that.”</p>

      <p>“In those days, I’d only failed once, so I had hope. But after messing up more times than I could count, giving it my all started feeling stupid and ridiculous. And that’s how I got this way. That’s literally it.”</p>

      <p>“So it was a big string of failures. I see.”</p>

      <p>When she said the words “failed” and “messing up,” her expression turned sour. That was the first unguarded facial expression the always-phoning-it-in Snow had ever shown me. And for some reason, I got the feeling that I understood where she was coming from. At least somewhat.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. That’s why I just can’t be assed anymore. The more frantic I got, the more of an idiot I felt like. If I genuinely try and then fail, I’ll feel like total shit. And I just don’t wanna go through that anymore,” she said, a humorless smile pasted onto her face.</p>

      <p>On an intellectual level, I knew I was supposed to tell her she was wrong, but my heart wouldn’t let me. And that was because I knew what she was talking about. I could sympathize. Most of all, I hesitated to take her to task after she had been willing to divulge the unvarnished truth about herself.</p>

      <p>“Color me a little surprised. I didn’t think you were the type to be so open, Snow. Guess I just had to ask.”</p>

      <p>“Actually, it’s because I think we’re birds of a feather. I know that you messed up big time too, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>“I messed up big time? What do you—ackh?!” I’d detected something through <em>Dimension</em>.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Kanami?”</p>

      <p>On the very edge of <em>Dimension</em>’s ambit, I spotted some folks about to get into a quarrel with a member of Epic Seeker. Two girls had approached our guild member and were sounding off at them.</p>

      <p>“Someone’s flaring up at one of our people.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, they’re accosting a guild member? Not just one of the townsfolk?”</p>

      <p>I intensified <em>Dimension</em> into <em>Layered Dimension</em> so that I could get a better grasp of the situation. The two girls were <em>abnormal</em>. That was the adjective that jumped out at me before any other. That was how unusual they were. They both had flowing blonde hair like golden sand in the wind. One had her long hair in a braid hanging down her back. Upon closer inspection, it wasn’t just blonde; she also had hairs that were closer to silver. It had a wondrous glow to it, a tangle of glittering gold and silver. And her body was beyond the ordinary too. Her face was so pretty that it looked inhuman, and her golden eyes were out-of-this-world gorgeous. Then, there were her absolutely perfect proportions. She was like an embodiment of beauty, surpassing the heights of feminine allure so utterly that it was nigh monstrous.</p>

      <p>“There’s a girl who’s, like, <em>scary</em> pretty.”</p>

      <p>“Scary pretty?”</p>

      <p>The other girl was anomalous in her own right. She was on the short side, and she wore her hair short, with a ponytail in the back. She was androgynous and could pass for a handsome boy as well. Needless to say, she was also frighteningly beautiful. In terms of feminine beauty, the other girl had her beat, but the second one did have an androgynous charm all her own. Could the pair maybe be sisters?</p>

      <p>“Yeah. She’s pretty but scary. And there are actually two girls like that.”</p>

      <p>“Could they by any chance be...”</p>

      <p>“Whoa, who <em>are</em> they?! There’s abnormal and then there’s <em>this!</em>”</p>

      <p>That was how eye-popping their stats were.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Lastiara Whoseyards</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 708/709</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 325/325</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: None</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 16</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 11.73</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 11.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 7.14</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 8.40</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 12.98</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 9.13</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 4.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: None</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Weapon Combat 2.14, Swordplay 2.03, Pseudo-Divine Eyes 1.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Magical Combat 2.27, Bloodknack 5.00, Holy Magic 1.03</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Book Reading 0.52, Doll Body 1.00</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Diablo Sith</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 179/182</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 821/831</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Swordfighter</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 11</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 6.32</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 5.39</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 3.02</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 3.18</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 9.99</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 45.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 5.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Protection 1.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Holy Magic 3.80, Divine Protection 3.08, Condemn 2.00, Concentration 2.05,</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Elemental Magic 2.10, Overprotection 2.12, Life Support 2.24, Targeting 2.03</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Swordplay 0.10</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>???: ???</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Nonstandard APT and skills, and numbers that were an order of magnitude higher than average on top of that. The thought that these two girls, this Lastiara and Diablo, had come anywhere near the members of my guild dismayed me. After all, if they ever got serious, our people would be slaughtered, helpless to stop them. And judging by what I was seeing, the chances were high that a fight was imminent.</p>

      <p>“Snow, come out here! Now! They’re so strong that only we can stand against them!”</p>

      <p>“I...guess I have to, huh?”</p>

      <p>She got to her feet without grumbling—she knew this was no trifling matter. After checking that she was coming with me, I jumped out the window.</p>

      <p>While running across the rooftops, I had Snow, who was behind me, contact the other guild members nearby through the magic gems, telling them to gather. I wasn’t planning on having those members fight, but they could give off an intimidating aura just by encircling the strangers. For the sake of the guild member that the two superstrong girls were harassing, the gears in my head whirred at their very fastest as I issued orders.</p>

      <p>I ran with all my might, hoping that a fight wouldn’t break out before I got there. By the time I arrived, the members of Epic Seeker and the two girls had moved to a back alley so as not to cause a commotion. In the darkness of that alleyway, the taller girl was yelling at the members who had surrounded them.</p>

      <p>“Oh c’mon! Just take me to where Palinchron is already!”</p>

      <p>I hurried into the alley. “Wait! If you’ve got something to say, I’ll hear you out! I’m the guildmaster of Epic Seeker, Aikawa Kanami!”</p>

      <p>Just as I’d been aiming for, the girls shifted their attention away from the guild members to me. And then their eyes opened wide, like they couldn’t believe what they were seeing.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Wait, what? Sieg?!”</p>

      <p>The braided girl looked befuddled as she turned to face me.</p>

      <p>“Palinchron’s one of my subordinates! If you’ve got business with him, I’ll tell him for you, so I’ll thank you to step away from my guild members!”</p>

      <p>The androgynous girl in the back was the next to speak. “Sieg?! It’s me! Dia!”</p>

      <p><em>Dia. Must be short for Diablo.</em> <em>But something’s weird. Despite me telling them my name’s Aikawa Kanami, they keep calling me “Sieg.” The same name that Snow mentioned.</em></p>

      <p>“Got it. So your name’s Dia, then. In any case, do me the favor of stepping away from them.”</p>

      <p>While there were a bunch of things that stuck out to me as concerning, priority number one was securing my people’s safety. The braided girl complied and put some distance between them and herself, visibly pondering as she did so. The girl who went by Dia, on the other hand, started walking toward me. “Sieg! What’re you talking about?! C’mon, let’s just go back together!”</p>

      <p>“Go back?”</p>

      <p>I had no idea what this Diablo Sith person was on about. She got my very name wrong, so it couldn’t be helped.</p>

      <p>“What’ve you been doing this whole time?! If you aren’t hurt, why didn’t you come to Greeard?!”</p>

      <p>“Stop right there! Dia, was it?! Don’t come any closer!”</p>

      <p>This Diablo Sith was well past the ordinary; I fetched a sword from my inventory and stood at the ready. At the sight of it, she froze. At first, I’d thought she’d seized up with fear, but I was mistaken. She pointed at it and muttered.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Sieg... What happened to my sword?”</p>

      <p>“Your sword? Hold on. I honestly haven’t got a clue what you’re saying. For starters, my name isn’t ‘Sieg’ or whatever. Are you mistaking me for someone else?”</p>

      <p>With a stiff smile and a not exactly composed expression, she sidled up to me. “Mistaking you for someone else? How could I possibly not know you, Sieg? I’m the one who’s got no idea what you’re saying. C’mon, buddy—enough joking around! It’s a pretty nasty joke too! Without you, I... <em>I</em>...”</p>

      <p>Trembling at the bizarre vibe she was giving off, I shouted on the spur of the moment. “I... I’m telling you, stop right there!”</p>

      <p>Her abilities, words, and actions were all extremely threatening. And the way her eyes had gradually begun to lose their glow gave me chills.</p>

      <p>“Ha, ha ha,” she said, gazing at me with hollow eyes. “Why are you pretending not to know me? And why that sword? Why <em>my</em> sword? Tell me, won’t you? What’s wrong? Are you leaving me to the wolves?”</p>

      <p>She was smiling, but her eyes were overflowing with sorrow. It looked like she was in a state of confusion, faced with a truth she had trouble accepting.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, but I don’t know you,” I answered honestly after ascertaining that the guild members had fled to the safe zone. “I don’t know anything. I’ve never met a girl that’s anything like you before, to begin with.”</p>

      <p>She was grimacing something fierce now. “Huh?”</p>

      <p>The thought of this powder keg of a girl falling into a state of shock had me in a cold sweat. I replied gently and tenderly in hopes of defusing the situation. “I’m not whoever Sieg is. I’m Aikawa Kanami. With that in mind, I’d like to hear what you have to say. Otherwise, I’ll remain unable to grasp what you’re saying.”</p>

      <p>In response, she crumpled to her knees, clearly not of sound mind. “Augh...not...not again, surely? Ah...am I getting tossed aside <em>again</em>?”</p>

      <p>“Calm down. Please. I never said I wouldn’t hear you out. If you could just take your time and explain your situation—”</p>

      <p>She sobbed loudly before hunching over and shedding tears. “Hic...hic...wahhhhhh!!!”</p>

      <p>“What, huh? Why are you crying? Hey, please don’t cry! Look, I’ve got no animosity toward you. And I’m gonna stow my sword away. See?”</p>

      <p>Diablo Sith’s sudden wailing bewildered me. Her stats had made me assume that she had ample emotional fortitude to go with her raw power, but it was the exact opposite. Her heart was so brittle, in fact, that it made me feel like a fool for rushing over in such a panicked frenzy.</p>

      <p>“Oh, would you look at that, you went and made her cry. Bad boy!” The braided girl who had been watching from behind, Lastiara Whoseyards, walked forward to pat Diablo Sith on the head.</p>

      <p>“<em>I</em> made her cry?! I’m totally lost here! Who or what <em>are</em> you two?!”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>