<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: A New Story Unfolds in Laoravia</h1>

      <p><em>I swore something?</em></p>

      <p><em>What did I swear again?</em></p>

      <p>Slowly, I opened my eyes and sat up. My head felt heavy as I scanned the room.</p>

      <p>“Where am I?”</p>

      <p>It was no place I recognized. The wooden room was cramped, with the bare minimum in the way of furnishings. There was one wide-open window, through which a cool breeze was blowing. The room was modest, sure, but it was relaxing too.</p>

      <p>There was one other man in the room. He bore sharp features, and he was seated in a chair that constituted one of the very few pieces of furniture. From what I remembered, his name was...<em>Palinchron.</em></p>

      <p><em>Ah, right. It’s Palinchron Regacy. I owe this man my life!</em></p>

      <p>Upon seeing me rise from my sleep, he closed the book he was holding, patting me amicably on the shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Oh? You’re up now, are you, Kanami? Good timing. Your sister just woke up too. I’ll take ya over to her.”</p>

      <p>With that, he exited the room. I got down from the bed and made to follow him. Then, my body stiffened. It was an unpleasant sensation.</p>

      <p><em>Something’s off.</em></p>

      <p>It was like my wires were crossed. Like the limbs on my doll had been swapped around. But accompanying that pall of unease was a distinctly refreshing sense of <em>liberation</em>. I could practically feel the breeze through the gaping hole that had been opened up in my heart. I had a hunch that I was misconstruing something important—that I’d forgotten something essential. But I also got the sense that I had that very fact to thank for feeling so light on my feet. It was a weird sensation.</p>

      <p>“Kanami! Would you come already?!”</p>

      <p>At his urging, that sensation dissipated. I could hardly keep the man to whom I owed so much waiting, so I chose not to brood over it.</p>

      <p>“Ah, my bad, Palinchron! I’m coming!” I said, exiting out the door myself.</p>

      <p>When my eyes met the hallway, I remembered where I was—the headquarters of the guild called Epic Seeker. The room I had just been in was a guild medical office, where I’d been getting some rest. It boggled my mind that I could have failed to realize it the second I got up, but no amount of standing there puzzling over it would do me any good. After all, Palinchron was walking in the distance, and if I didn’t catch up, I was fairly sure he’d just leave me in the dust without mercy. So I quickly marched down this hallway, which I knew I was supposed to be familiar with, but felt totally new to me.</p>

      <p>As I walked, I realized that I wasn’t operating at a hundred percent. I felt languid, as though I’d been asleep for days and days...and I was in a trancelike state of mind, like I was treading on air. I could even truthfully say that I still felt like I was in a dream. I kept shaking my head as I followed in Palinchron’s wake.</p>

      <p>After climbing some stairs, I made it to the threshold of a certain room. Palinchron was standing in front of the entrance, beckoning me inside. I opened the door to find a chamber far more spacious than that medical office. At a glance, it was around five times bigger. Several bookshelves lined the wall, lending the room an intellectual air. On the far opposite side lay one large bed. Atop it sat a young girl with black hair. She was staring out the window, through the swaying curtains.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, of course. This girl is the girl I swore to...</em></p>

      <p>“Your sister, Mar-Mar, is also doing good,” came Palinchron’s voice from behind me. “Bet you’re relieved, huh, Kanami?”</p>

      <p><em>My...sister? Yes, yes of course. This black-haired girl is my little sister. The most important person to me. I have to protect her even if it costs me my life. The sister who our dearly departed mother entrusted to me. And her name... Her name’s </em>Maria.</p>

      <p>“Uh, yeah...I’m so relieved that Maria’s safe and sound too.”</p>

      <p>For some reason, saying the name <em>Maria</em> sent a shooting pain through my head.</p>

      <p>“Yep, the fire was pretty big, but we’re okay. In fact, it seems not one person got hurt.”</p>

      <p>As he spoke, I gradually snapped out of my half-slumber more and more. <em>That’s right. Palinchron saved Maria and me from that fire.</em></p>

      <p>I was slipping out of my trance, the memories coming back to me. One after the other, my misadventures in this fantasy world surged back into my mind. This was the second time Palinchron had saved me. When the two of us had first stumbled into this unfamiliar world, he had been there to save us from the perils of the Dungeon. That was the first time. The second time was when he had rescued us from the great big fire in town. I could remember seeing my house burning to the ground. That memory alone, I remembered vividly.</p>

      <p>I was surprised, however, to hear that no one had gotten hurt. I could have sworn that the fire had yielded one or two casualties.</p>

      <p>“Kanami? You’ve come to see me?” She looked my way.</p>

      <p>“Yep, it’s me. You seem like you’re already over it, Maria.”</p>

      <p>“I guess you could say that, but...”</p>

      <p>As we conversed, a sense of relief so deep that it was almost strange enveloped me.</p>

      <p>“Got any injuries?”</p>

      <p>“No, no injuries, but...” She put a hand to her head. “For some reason, my head hurts.”</p>

      <p>That was nothing out of the ordinary for her. Ever since she was young, her body had been frail, and she had spent many a day in the hospital. That hadn’t improved once she’d come to this world. In fact, the sudden change in environment may have made it even worse.</p>

      <p>Just then, I noticed the accessory she was wearing on her arm. It was the bangle that Palinchron had given her in order to mitigate all the inconveniences she would’ve faced as an outworlder. As long as we had our bangles on, we could conform to the environments this world threw at us, and we’d have no trouble following the language either. Apparently, my bangle also worked to stabilize my magic energy, which had a tendency to flare up wildly.</p>

      <p>We had asked Palinchron how much our two bangles had cost, but he never said. They couldn’t have been cheap, that was for sure. And there was yet more that we owed him for. Maria’s eyes were artificial. As she had lost them in the fire, our host had prepared a pair for her. I could tell at a glance how expensive they must have been, considering their sheer perfection.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve gotta keep doing my best if I ever want to repay Palinchron for his kindness.</em> I was thinking that as I stroked Maria’s head and laid her down. “If your head’s hurting, you can rest a bit longer.”</p>

      <p>“Okay. Thank you very much, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>She blushed and let herself be laid down. As one might expect, she wasn’t feeling so great after all. In fact, it looked to me like she was running a fever. She had always had a chronic tendency to develop fevers.</p>

      <p>I gripped her hand out of worry until Palinchron interrupted from behind.</p>

      <p>“Mind leaving your heartwarming sibling reunion at that? We’ve got a ton of things to do today.”</p>

      <p>“Things to do? Sorry, Palinchron, remind me: what are we doing today?”</p>

      <p>“Today’s the day you’re set to enroll in Epic Seeker. You know, your guild? That fire almost made us forget, but since you appear to be fit as a fiddle, we’ll do it as planned.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, right, I forgot.”</p>

      <p>I remembered now. I needed to cover the costs of Maria’s medical expenses, so I had to make money. Enter Palinchron, who had referred me to this guild hustle a little while ago.</p>

      <p>Epic Seeker was a guild officially recognized by the government of Laoravia, one of the nations within the Dungeon Alliance. And given my skills, I had the chops to work as one of their number, or so I was told.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that’s right,” said Maria. “You’re going to be joining the guild.”</p>

      <p>“You bet,” said Palinchron. “You two rascals do need to earn some money while you’re in this world. And I figured the best way to do that is for you to become part of my guild. Not only will you rake in some decent scratch, you’ll also gain connections. And best of all, you’ll be under Laoravia’s protection, which is a sweet deal for you two. It’s the ideal setup to get Mar-Mar the care she needs at the pace she needs, wouldn’t you say?”</p>

      <p>As far as gigs went, it was perfect. “Thank you, Palinchron. Thanks to you, we can make a living in this world.”</p>

      <p>“Now, now, let’s not get assured of ourselves <em>too</em> quickly,” he replied. “We’ll be having you take the entrance exam. We won’t let you in sight unseen just ’cause you’re you. If you don’t pass the test, there’s no deal.”</p>

      <p>“That goes without saying. And you don’t have to spare me any sympathy when judging me either.” I couldn’t ask for better.</p>

      <p>Palinchron grinned at how dripping with determination I sounded. “Over here.”</p>

      <p>After bidding Maria goodbye, I followed after him so as to take the exam to be a part of Epic Seeker and obtain a place where we could eke out a life in this parallel world.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The walls were made of stone, and the ceiling was atrium-style. A circular space cut out from the surrounding area was blanketed by softish sand. This was the training grounds of Epic Seeker, and it was about the size of a school’s grounds. Around thirty individual members of the guild, male and female, young and old, were gathered there. Some were toting swords bigger than they were, while others were carrying staffs or wands and clad in old-fashioned robes.</p>

      <p>I was being stared at by thirty gazes, in a cold sweat right next to Palinchron, who, after seeing that everybody was present and saying a few words of greeting, pushed me forward.</p>

      <p>“All right, Kanami, introduce yourself.”</p>

      <p>“Er, um, my name is Aikawa Kanami. I’m a Level 14 ice mage. And I use a sword too, I guess. It’s nice to meet you...” I said, speaking so that they could all hear me.</p>

      <p>The guild members reacted in a variety of ways. Some listened earnestly, while others weren’t paying attention. That being said, a lot of faces lit up when I mentioned my level.</p>

      <p>“Level 14, at your age? Looks like Palinchron’s nabbed us a capable kid again.”</p>

      <p>“And he’s polite too,” said one of the women. “Not to mention handsome. The burn mark on his neck’s a bit of a shame, though.”</p>

      <p>“A mage who uses a sword, huh? I dunno. He might be chasing two rabbits there.”</p>

      <p>They were not shy about their appraisals, and that didn’t feel great. It was like I was a piece of meat on display, and I prayed for it to be over soon. As I scanned everyone’s reactions, I noticed someone reacting in a conspicuous and odd way. A girl with long hair as wavy as the sea was goggling at me. I could tell from the horns poking out of her pretty hair that she was a semifer. She also had a tail sticking out from under her thick, tribal-style garb, removing all doubt.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Mr. Sieg?” she said as she stared at me with amazement, her mouth agape.</p>

      <p>“Oh, you’re here too, Snow...” said Palinchron. “Sorry,” he added to me, “go greet the guild members.” Then he headed over to the semifer girl, whose name was evidently Snow, to talk to her. He was one of the guild’s top members, so perhaps he had some kind of message or information for her.</p>

      <p>As I was watching Palinchron and Snow discuss something at length, one of the other guild members approached me. “Hey there, Kanami. It’s nice to meet you too.”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t very well keep looking to the side now. I promptly replied, trying to make as good of an impression as possible. “Thank you. I look forward to working with you.”</p>

      <p>The other guild members saw that as their cue to approach me as well.</p>

      <p>“Hiya, Kanami,” said one woman. “My name is Tayly. I’m also a party leader.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, don’t go stealing a march on me. Listen, boy, I’m gonna teach ya the sword later. Don’t waste your time with magic. Actually, just join my party while you’re at it.”</p>

      <p>“Whoa there, stop tryin’ to wedge somebody with magic energy into your meathead mold...”</p>

      <p>“Welcome, Kanami!”</p>

      <p>A mage with a cheery expression, a giant swordsman, a young man with a bow at his back—they were dressed like the setup for some walks-into-a-bar joke. I mean, I’d known I was in a fantasy world, but when they sidled up this close, it was enough to give me a bit of a start.</p>

      <p>“Aha ha,” I said, forcing a smile. “I look forward to working with all of you...” I was a tad worried that my face looked too stiff.</p>

      <p>“All right, everybody; settle down,” said Palinchron, clapping his hands to attract their attention as he walked closer to me.</p>

      <p>It seemed he had finished saying whatever he needed to say to the semifer named Snow. The girl had moved even farther away, and now she was sitting in the shade. I wanted to go greet her too if possible, and not just because she was so easy on the eyes. For some reason, I got the feeling that talking to her was important. Strangely enough, I could have sworn I had already met her someplace.</p>

      <p>“Kanami’s entrance exam isn’t over yet,” Palinchron continued. “Don’t you think you’re being a little hasty, fellas?”</p>

      <p>Now that he’d started talking about my test, all thoughts about the girl flew away and I focused my mind. For the sake of my little sister as well as myself, I couldn’t afford to fail.</p>

      <p>“Oh c’mon, Palinchron,” said the giant swordsman. “None of the folks you’ve brought here have ever failed the test. Let’s just skip that fluff. Put him right in my party, would ya?”</p>

      <p>Judging from where the man was standing and what he’d just said, I figured he must bear a fairly high position. And the scars all over his body signaled that he was no pushover.</p>

      <p>“We can’t know that for sure, can we?” answered Palinchron, never breaking his stride even as more heckling came his way. “In any case, I have an important announcement to make, so let’s pipe down for now.”</p>

      <p>When I had first heard the guild was under direct government administration, I’d imagined a stuffier, more rigid atmosphere than this. The air here was very cozy.</p>

      <p>“Whatever, just get it over with,” said a woman holding a staff as she smiled at me. “Just so you know, I’m taking him for <em>my</em> party.”</p>

      <p>Palinchron ignored their bickering over whose party I’d be in. “I hate to break it to you, but Kanami’s not joining anybody’s party.”</p>

      <p>At that, the guild members started talking among themselves with puzzled looks, and they all asked him to explain himself. Palinchron, however, did things at his own pace. When he replied, it was quite concise, and he explained his reasoning with relish.</p>

      <p>“I’ll tell you why. It’s because Kanami’s gonna be Epic Seeker’s guildmaster.”</p>

      <p>It took a beat for what he had said to sink in with the crowd. After a few seconds of silence, the training grounds were inundated by surprised outbursts. And the first to utter anything was me.</p>

      <p>“Wait, what?!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, hold up a sec,” said another guild member. “You’re taking the joke too far, Palinchron!”</p>

      <p>“What in blazes?! What do ya mean he’s gonna be guildmaster?!”</p>

      <p>I felt the same way. It sounded like nothing more than a bad prank to me. But Palinchron was as unruffled as ever.</p>

      <p>“Kanami’s the <em>hero</em> handpicked by me and my fellow submaster, Rayle. Just as we planned from the outset, we’ll have a great hero of legend like Kanami take up the post at the very top of Epic Seeker.”</p>

      <p>That was the second time he had definitively declared that he was aiming to make me guildmaster. And to top it off, he had even cast me as a “great hero.” Talk about hyperbole.</p>

      <p>“You outta your mind?” asked the giant swordsman, who stood at the head of the crowd, glaring at him.</p>

      <p>When it was clear that Palinchron was not, in fact, joking, the air started to get chillier. The atmosphere was tense, and things threatened to break down at the drop of a pin.</p>

      <p>“Kanami’s strong, and he’s got a winning personality. But more importantly, he’s got the qualities of a hero. As such, it’s only proper that we should make him guildmaster. If anybody’s got a problem with that, feel free to get flattened by the lad. ’Cause instead of the entrance exam, we’re doing a round-robin tournament.”</p>

      <p>Palinchron’s provocation only stirred more bloodlust in his audience. Every one of them glared white-hot daggers at us. I could scarcely handle the pressure these veterans and powerhouses were throwing at me.</p>

      <p>“Palinchron, what’re you talking about?! Are you stupid or something?!”</p>

      <p>Upon seeing me so confused and against the idea, a portion of the pressure died down.</p>

      <p>One woman calmly took a step forward and offered her two cents. “I acknowledge his talents. I can tell just by looking at him that he’s competent. And I acknowledge that in the future, he may just stand above me. But to make him guildmaster from the jump is simply absurd, Palinchron.”</p>

      <p>“There’s no way a guild that’s forced to work under a master who was thrust upon them will function properly...”</p>

      <p>They must have concluded that if they let things come to a boil, a fight would break out, so they attempted to get Palinchron to change his mind with reason and logic. Reason and logic that Palinchron paid no heed to.</p>

      <p>“Epic Seeker is always absurd and unreasonable. And I think you’ll all fall in line one way or another, seeing as Kanami’s the very person we’ve been so eagerly waiting for.”</p>

      <p>He had no intention of backing down, and that was the spark that lit the powder keg. The whole lot of them made the preparations they needed to persuade him not with words but by force, gripping their respective weapons and taking a step forward as they shot him baleful stares.</p>

      <p>“Don’t look at me that way. If any of you can manage to give Kanami a nick in the tournament that’ll be starting shortly, I’ll change my mind.”</p>

      <p>“No taking that back.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t look down on us!”</p>

      <p>“If that boy winds up dead, it’s on you!”</p>

      <p>They backed away from him as they issued their pointed remarks. Since they were each members of a larger organization, they didn’t defy Palinchron, who was above them in rank. But it was clear that they intended to vent their displeasure by means of the tournament. I had braced myself for a test, but I’d had no inkling that something like <em>this</em> would unfold.</p>

      <p>“Hold on!” I said. “Wait, Palinchron, just hold on! I never agreed to this! They’re totally right. Me being made guildmaster from out of nowhere is ridiculous!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, but didn’t you say you’d join the guild?”</p>

      <p>“I mean, yeah, but as a normal member!”</p>

      <p>“Well, I never said you’d be joining as a member. The whole time we were talking about it, I always meant to make you guildmaster.”</p>

      <p>“Excuse me?! You... You tricked me!”</p>

      <p>“Hey, don’t give people the wrong idea. I never lied to you...although people do call me a swindler all the time.”</p>

      <p>Palinchron didn’t appear to mind being called a liar. He set about making the arrangements for the tournament as he fended off my attempts to talk him down, drawing lines in the sand with his scabbard and creating quick and simple field markers. When he finished, he turned to face me and pleaded with me, his expression the most earnest it had been that day.</p>

      <p>“Please, Kanami. Please be guildmaster for me. The real stuff is yet to come. This doesn’t even register as a <em>trial</em> yet. Knowing you, I’m confident you can overcome hairier trials than this.”</p>

      <p>In the face of such earnestness, I had no words. I wanted to repay the debt I owed him in some form, and moreover, I couldn’t refuse such a genuine request. All I could do was heave a sigh and nod reluctantly.</p>

      <p>“All right, fine. I’ll fight in the tournament...but when it’s over, if the others aren’t convinced, then please let the guildmaster thing go.”</p>

      <p>“Sounds good. Guess we’ve reached a compromise. But do me a favor: don’t go easy on them.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t want to insult them, so I won’t hold back. For the most part...”</p>

      <p>Upon my caving in, Palinchron went to the edge of the grounds and fetched me a blade that seemed to be for the purposes of training. He flung it at me and I caught it.</p>

      <p>“<em>Wintermension</em>,” I muttered.</p>

      <p>I deployed the spell that was my specialty, then mustered my resolve and stepped onto the battlefield. The sight of the bulging veins on the foreheads of the guild members left me feeling dejected.</p>

      <p>“Wish I could’ve gotten an office job...like filing documents or something,” I grumbled as I unsheathed my sword, knowing that dream was not to be.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>My first bout was against a hot-blooded female swordfighter. She was on the younger side compared to her fellow members.</p>

      <p>“He doesn’t warrant the party leader taking part,” she told the hulking swordsman before joining me on the battlefield.</p>

      <p>Using my menu-sight, I perused the rapier wielder’s stats. She was at Level 12, and her sole skill was Swordplay. A pure swordfighter was no match for me.</p>

      <p>As always, my abilities were practically cheating. I could only see the status menus of this world’s living things, but even so, that gave me more than enough of an unfair advantage. Having ascertained the girl’s strengths, I leisurely held my sword at the ready. If I wanted to, I could dispel all of my support magic and she’d still pose no challenge for me. While she was at a level where her physical capabilities were relatively high, there was nothing about her that was particularly noteworthy.</p>

      <p>“Right then: Battle 1,” said Palinchron. “Start!”</p>

      <p>At the signal, my opponent rushed me. “Raaaaaah!”</p>

      <p>For the time being, I reckoned I’d keep to my promise—no holding back. First, I bumped the bottom of her sword’s hilt with the bottom of mine to disarm her without wounding her hand. At the same time, I swept her legs and snatched her sword out of the air with my left hand before thrusting both blades right before her eyes as she lay on the ground. Checkmate. The chasm between our speed and dexterity was just too great. Taking her weapon from her had proved a breeze.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Wait, what... What happened?”</p>

      <p>“So, I win, right?” I asked Palinchron.</p>

      <p>“Yep, that’s a win in your column any way you slice it. Right then, neeext.”</p>

      <p>The guild members were now wearing grim expressions, and no one immediately volunteered. They’d borne witness to one facet of my power; they must have come to understand this would be no walk in the park.</p>

      <p>Just thinking about the duels to come made me feel gloomy. I took the poor girl by the hand and helped her up. “You okay?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Ah, yeah. I’m fine,” she replied, still in a daze as she let me pull her back to her feet. It must have finally sunk in that she’d lost. She stared at my face. “So this... This is the stuff of the ‘hero’ that Palinchron and Mr. Rayle chose?”</p>

      <p>Her words had a bizarre zeal to them. A chill ran down my spine, so I used <em>Dimension: Calculash</em> to avoid her gaze. Then I hurried away from her. Since I wanted this tournament business over with quickly, I waited on the battlefield for the next challenger, who turned out to be another female fighter. In this world of levels and magic, there was no real difference between the strength of men and women when it came to fighting prowess. On the other hand, I did prefer male opponents—I couldn’t help but find it difficult to point blades at members of the opposite sex.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Tayly Linkar</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 212/222</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 201/205</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Mage</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 19</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 4.41</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 5.15</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 3.32</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 3.21</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 7.21</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 11.09</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.33</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Wind Magic 1.67</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Magical Combat 1.12</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Her menu and her outfit made it clear: I was fighting a trueborn mage now. Yet her physical capabilities were by no means inferior to the swordfighter I had fought before her. I didn’t doubt that this Tayly person was a member of high standing in Epic Seeker. Presumably, after watching my fight with the rapier girl, the others had realized they couldn’t hold back against me. With a few brief words, Ms. Tayly convinced her fellow challengers to let her take me on, and then she entered the proverbial ring.</p>

      <p>I felt bad for her. Considering our stats, it’d be a miracle if she so much as touched me. What’s more, a pure magic build was especially ineffective against me.</p>

      <p>“Aaand,” said Palinchron, “start!”</p>

      <p>I closed the distance between us. Naturally, Ms. Tayly, being a mage, tried to craft a spell and clinch the battle before I could get near her. But my <em>Wintermension</em> wouldn’t let that happen. The spell she formulated shifted askew, releasing nothing more than the most attenuated of winds.</p>

      <p>“Huh?! My spell!”</p>

      <p>I put my blade to her throat. “Er, do you still want to fight, or...?”</p>

      <p>A pause. “I surrender,” she replied, a terribly grim look on her face.</p>

      <p>The giant swordsman spoke to her as she left the arena. “Hey, what happened in there? You couldn’t use your magic?”</p>

      <p>“He has powerful inhibitor magic. A second and it was over, so that’s all I know.”</p>

      <p>The giant swordsman silenced the rest of the group with a few words before entering the makeshift arena. Just like Ms. Tayly, he clearly held a great amount of sway.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Vohlzark Aldo</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 340/351</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 0/0</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Swordfighter</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 20</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 10.40</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 5.85</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 8.26</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 10.31</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 7.09</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 0.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Defiant 1.21</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Swordplay 1.56</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>From the look of it, Mr. Vohlzark boasted the highest level among all the challengers. Inferring from the glances the people around him gave him, he was the most trusted of the long-serving veteran swordfighters, or of similar status. He radiated that sort of imposing air of dignity.</p>

      <p>Mr. Vohlzark slung a strikingly huge longsword across his back and spoke to me. “Sorry, kid, but I’m going all out. I’ve got nothing against you personally. In fact, beating you will serve to teach ya a valuable lesson. The very idea of you becoming guildmaster so abruptly is bound to stoke resentment.”</p>

      <p>Belying his scarred and colossal frame, his words were gentle and compassionate. His menu told me that his INT was on par with the mage I had just battled. I surmised he was a man of intellect.</p>

      <p>“You’re a kind soul. Thank you, sir.” I bowed slightly. I was grateful toward him for showing so much consideration for the newbie who’d raised so many hackles.</p>

      <p>Mr. Vohlzark heaved a sigh. “If it weren’t for how unreasonable that idiot submaster’s being, I’d be welcoming you with open arms,” he said as he closed the distance between us.</p>

      <p>Palinchron took that as his cue. “Start!” he said gleefully.</p>

      <p>At that, Mr. Vohlzark started running. He was faster than his hulking frame suggested. It felt like I was being rushed by some huge bull or bear. In a flash, he drew close, then swung his enormous sword at me from the side.</p>

      <p>If I blocked his blow with the sword I was holding, my blade alone would break, so I distanced myself and evaded the attack by a nose.</p>

      <p>“Tch! You won’t dodge this one!”</p>

      <p>In order to break my sword, he swung his about like a raging storm. I could sense that on the whole, he wasn’t going easy on me. A direct hit would instantly kill any normal person. Yet at the same time, I didn’t sense a scrap of bloodlust from him. It seemed he was attacking me in this way because he’d concluded that I could take it. I could sense that this was the moment—if I sustained an “accidental” injury and ended this exam here and now, that’d suit me just fine.</p>

      <p>Before we’d begun, I’d thought that against stalwarts who were so experienced, I’d at least get nicked at some point. But at this rate, I might actually end up actually beating them all without a scratch. I had shut down a top-class mage like Ms. Tayly completely, and the highest-level sword fighter had acknowledged my strength. That should be more than enough to prove I was qualified to at least join the guild as a normal member. Besides, at this rate, even if I entered the guild forcibly, it’d only incur their ire, which didn’t help me going forward. I had done my duty toward Palinchron. So I chose the spell for the job.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to add a little magic, if you don’t mind. Spellcast: <em>Form.</em>”</p>

      <p>“Tch.” But Mr. Vohlzark didn’t flinch. He kept on attacking. “I’ll smash right through your tricksy nonsense!”</p>

      <p>As I made the magic bubbles adhere to him, he increased his speed to greater heights and swung his sword. However, the bubbles transmitted the information regarding his sword’s trajectory in more exact detail. There was no way his blade could ever hit me now. As I dodged his blows, I got a precise handle on his habits, allowing me to predict his movements. Using that information, I let his thunderous flurry of giant sword swings graze me lightly on the cheek. A thin bead of blood dripped down.</p>

      <p>“Ah, you grazed me,” I said after promptly distancing myself. Palinchron had said that all they had to do was land a single hit.</p>

      <p>But Mr. Vohlzark gritted his teeth in frustration, and after heaving a sigh, he replied, “No, don’t count that ‘wound.’ Chalk it up as an unqualified loss for me.”</p>

      <p>That was all he offered before unhurriedly leaving the battlefield. I could tell from his demeanor that he had realized I’d sustained the cut on purpose. I had done it that way to safeguard the man’s pride, but I might have only damaged it that much more gravely instead. I wanted him to forgive me, given that for the sake of my future livelihood, I could hardly afford to beat everybody so one-sidedly.</p>

      <p>“Vohlzark acknowledged his defeat, so Kanami wins,” declared Palinchron delightedly.</p>

      <p>“Palinchron!” I protested. “You said that if I sustained a single wound, it’d be over. So it’s—”</p>

      <p>“That bastard! No wonder Palinchron was talking so big!” said one of the members, interrupting me.</p>

      <p>The others piped up too. “Oh, this looks fun. I’m tryin’ my hand next!”</p>

      <p>“Not before me!”</p>

      <p>“The party leaders both lost, huh? How fascinating!”</p>

      <p>For some reason, the crowd was getting fired up after the third battle. It could be the case that a lot of them were already the types who didn’t shy away from a fight. But it was more than that. There was an odd glint in their probing eyes.</p>

      <p>Palinchron laughed. “They’re members of a guild. Fighting is their livelihood. There’s no way they’d let this end after one little nick! I just said that to rile ’em up.”</p>

      <p>“Damn straight!” said one of many who echoed Palinchron’s sentiment. “Ya can’t end it now! I haven’t gotten a go yet!”</p>

      <p>“Are you kidding, hon? That’s barely even a flesh wound,” said one woman. “As long as you can still fight, of course we’re going to do battle.”</p>

      <p>“Yo, you fellas mind if I go next?”</p>

      <p>My face stiffened. These people were chomping at the bit.</p>

      <p>“Hold on a sec, ya galoots!” shouted Mr. Vohlzark. “Glenn’s sister! You go first!”</p>

      <p>All eyes were immediately trained on the semifer girl. For a second, the grounds were silent. In that time, she gently shook her head.</p>

      <p>“No, thank you. There’s no way I could possibly win.”</p>

      <p>“Are you serious?” replied Mr. Vohlzark.</p>

      <p>A pause. “Yes. I’m serious.”</p>

      <p>“I see.” He took a spot and sat down. “Do as you please, people. I’ll be watching.”</p>

      <p>Palinchron watched him with a smile. “Looks like we’ve got a party leader’s permission! Now then, shall we resume?!”</p>

      <p>With that, the guild members started waiting their turns outside the battlefield.</p>

      <p>“Wait, no, I’m fighting <em>everybody</em>?”</p>

      <p>I had no choice. I’d be beating all of them while in a cold sweat.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>In the end, I couldn’t throw any of my duels. Mr. Vohlzark’s sharp eyes were watching the entire time, and if I’d held back too clearly, Palinchron would have had something to say about it. All I could do was use loads of discretion in order to move this along without much fuss.</p>

      <p>“All right, folks,” said Palinchron, “that’s a wrap for today. Now then, since none of you were able to beat him, it’s good and settled—Kanami <em>will</em> be the new guildmaster of Epic Seeker!”</p>

      <p>I ended up defeating them all without taking almost any damage to speak of, so he declared me guildmaster without reservation.</p>

      <p>“Hold on, Palinchron! Gimme another go at him! I feel like I might <em>touch</em> him this time!”</p>

      <p>“No can do. It’s already dark out and time’s a finite resource. You’re all dismissed!”</p>

      <p>A handful of them interjected, but Palinchron brought the tournament to a close anyway. Afterward, he communicated administrative information to them before the crowd finally broke up. The vast majority came up to me to have a few words before leaving the training grounds.</p>

      <p>“Gotta say, Kanami, you really are silly strong,” said one man amicably. “Mind dueling me again tomorrow?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Sure, sir, that’s fine.”</p>

      <p>“You’re always so stiff and formal, Kanami. I don’t need ya speakin’ all polite to me.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks...gotcha. From now on, I’ll speak casually.”</p>

      <p>I sensed no particular dissatisfaction on his part about my becoming guildmaster. Maybe in the eyes of rough-and-tumble fighters or adventurers like him, strength was the deciding factor in whether they resisted somebody standing above them or not.</p>

      <p>“Ah, kid,” said one mage with a smile, “teach me some magic later, okay?”</p>

      <p>“Uh, okay, ma’am.”</p>

      <p>Next, a middle-aged swordfighter slapped me on the shoulder. “Maybe your skills as guildmaster will come in time. Then again, I bet the folks around ya will help ya out, so don’t sweat it.”</p>

      <p>I exhaled. “I’ll give it my all.”</p>

      <p>Of course, not everyone was so obliging. Some also approached me with stern expressions.</p>

      <p>“Listen here, chum, you haven’t earned my approval yet, got it?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, yes, of course. I think that’s a perfectly natural reaction.”</p>

      <p>“I’m gonna challenge ya another five times, so say your prayers.”</p>

      <p>But before he left, the guy flashed me a smile. And here I’d thought I’d finally encountered somebody <em>normal</em>. Nope. Instead, it was the way a little kid reacted after finding a worthy rival.</p>

      <p>Ultimately, while a variety of wry comments were made to me, almost no one came up to me to express blatant malice or spite. At the very least, this wasn’t the attitude one might expect them to show somebody who had waltzed right into the top spot of the organization from out of nowhere. I replied to them in turn with my forced smile, the alarming gap between them and normal people clear as day to me.</p>

      <p>Once I was done speaking with the many members, the only ones left in the training grounds were Palinchron and the semifer girl, who was staring vacantly up at the dark night sky.</p>

      <p>“Isn’t this...you know, weird?” I asked Palinchron right away.</p>

      <p>“Things are looking up, huh, Kanami? You just got a huge promotion.”</p>

      <p>“The personnel affairs of our organization frighten me,” I replied. “Not only that, but since they’re giving me such a warm welcome, I doubly can’t believe it.”</p>

      <p>“Well, this is the one group where this kind of absurdity is tolerated. It’d never fly in any other guild.”</p>

      <p>“I did reckon that any guild you’re in couldn’t be a run-of-the-mill organization, but how on earth...”</p>

      <p>I still couldn’t believe it. I’d shown them how strong I was throughout the tournament, sure, but even so, what reason did they have to be so accepting? It was a phenomenon that would never occur in my world. Was it just the result of a difference in culture between my world and theirs? But even if their culture didn’t fuss over the little things and put stock solely in strength, their red-carpet welcome was still beyond the norm.</p>

      <p>“It’s in the name: Epic Seeker. Our goal as a guild is to search for epics. For tales of derring-do.”</p>

      <p>“So already, it’s not a normal guild.”</p>

      <p>“Guilds that work under the government first need to decide on a plan of action that’s in service to the state in some way. One might, for example, seek to maintain public order in Laoravia. Another might try to acquire treasure for Laoravia or train promising new talent for the country. The policy of our guild is to find, quote, unquote, ‘heroes’ in service of Laoravia. Of course, thanks to that daft objective, only eccentrics gather under our banner. Then again, another reason for that is the fact that I basically do all the interviews.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, that <em>would</em> pull in lotsa weirdos.”</p>

      <p>“The members of the guild may mouth off, but they’re all the kind of wide-eyed dreamer wackos who are eagerly awaiting a swashbuckling, righteous hero type. That, coupled with Laoravia’s belief in meritocracy, means no one’s gonna speak ill of someone like you, who boasts such overwhelming strength. What happened today is this guild’s raison d’être. And it was with an eye for this very day that I gathered the members I did. I pretty much needed it to go decently smoothly.”</p>

      <p>He seemed to be taking enjoyment in it. Some part of him was <em>proud</em>, not unlike a kid bragging about a cool toy of theirs. And I’d gotten a similar vibe from the guild members too. For better or worse, this guild’s group was childlike overall.</p>

      <p>“Be a hero for us, Kanami. You can make use of this organization. Let’s get your name out there.”</p>

      <p>“Is that what you wish for?”</p>

      <p>The ever-aloof Palinchron was now showing me a rare serious expression. “Hmm, my ‘wish’? I guess if I had to call it something, I’d say it’s my <em>pastime</em>. I wanna come face-to-face with a hero of legend. And I see one in you. There’s the fact that you’re an <em>outworlder</em>, but there’s also the fact that you have heroic qualities, so I believe in you.”</p>

      <p>“You’re expecting too much of me. I don’t even know what I’m supposed to do to be a ‘hero.’”</p>

      <p>As far as I was concerned, “heroes” of that sort existed solely within fairy tales. In modern society, just about the only heroic figures people looked up to were sports stars. I didn’t have a clear picture of what Palinchron and the rest meant by it.</p>

      <p>“Oh, don’t worry, the preparations have already been made. A big important personage in a big important country crafted some <em>fun</em> plans. And I do think I’ll mimic it. From what I recall, the plan goes a little something like this: <em>After gladly taking the role of guildmaster,</em>” he said in theatrical tones, “<em>Kanami uses his unparalleled strength to break new ground in the Dungeon, extend the Pathway, and inherit the title of strongest diver from Glenn. At a later date, he’ll take first place at the Brawl. After making his name known throughout the continent, he’ll give folks a hand in various locales as a hero as he travels back to Laoravia, returning in triumph. When the time is ripe, he’ll participate in the war in the north, the advent of the great and merciful hero, the living legend, to the front lines lauded by the supreme commanders fighting there.</em> Yeah, that’s the gist of it.”</p>

      <p>The plan was preposterous and idiotic. “Um, what? Count me out. Especially the war bit. No way in hell I’m having anything to do with a war!”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha. I was mostly joking, laddie. I guess the only bit I’m not joking about was the Dungeon-clearing part. In the Dungeon, you won’t face animosity from anybody, and you’ll be able to get stronger at your own pace. And being strong’s no detriment to you, for your sake and for your sister’s.”</p>

      <p>“Well, I do plan on taking on the Dungeon, so that I’ll do.”</p>

      <p>This world contained a labyrinthine entity known as the Dungeon. It was the type you saw all the time in video games—the deeper you go, the stronger the enemies. And that conveniently made it well suited to building up one’s strength.</p>

      <p>“If you’ve got any energy to spare, I’d like you to extend the Pathway as well. It’d be helping out Laoravia and the guild, among others. If that’s too much, there’s always vanquishing the Guardian of Floor 30. If you rack up glory and results for Epic Seeker, you’ll hear no complaints from me.”</p>

      <p>“Sure, if I’ve got the energy. I do want to contribute to Laoravia in some way for taking me and Maria under its guardianship.”</p>

      <p>“Also, if you win the Brawl for us, that’d be another nice contribution. Laoravia’s been lagging behind the other four countries for years and years now. Our hero activities across the lands and our supreme commander in the War in the North are <em>some</em> of the things we’re laughed at for.”</p>

      <p>“You’d better be joking. I’m happy if I can just protect the little pocket of the world around me. I’d rather die than have to deal with conflicts between nations.”</p>

      <p>“Keh heh, is that right? Okay, I got the memo. Then again, everything I told you is nothing more than a plan. As things stand for you now, give learning the ropes of being guildmaster your undivided attention. And regarding the Dungeon, don’t think about extending the Pathway. You can just focus on getting stronger.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I’m not thrilled about the personnel affairs, but if I’m gonna be doing it, then I’ve gotta do it right and learn how to be a proper guildmaster. Otherwise, I wouldn’t be doing right by its members...”</p>

      <p>Palinchron’s expression turned a tad serious. “Right. If you don’t take over soon, it’ll be too late.”</p>

      <p>“Too late? Ah, come to think of it, this country called for you to be a commander, right?”</p>

      <p>Going by the earnest look on his face, I presumed Palinchron was worried. I had heard that he’d soon have to part from the Dungeon Alliance. He must have wanted to pass the baton to me before he was forced to leave.</p>

      <p>“It is what it is. I did as I pleased for a spell, and now they’re calling me back by force. There was more I’d have liked to do in the Alliance, but it can’t be helped.”</p>

      <p>Most would view receiving an appointment from their nation as an honor. Palinchron, on the other hand, seemed to hate the idea from the bottom of his heart.</p>

      <p>“I see. So, soon enough, I won’t be seeing you anymore, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Once I’m gone, have Snow help you out. She’s a long-serving submaster.”</p>

      <p>“Long-serving submaster?”</p>

      <p>He pointed at the semifer girl who was gazing at the sky in a corner of the grounds. “She’s been serving as a submaster for six years. She’s probably more knowledgeable about Epic Seeker than I am. C’mon, Snow, introduce yourself.”</p>

      <p>The young woman came up next to me and offered a hand. A very pretty hand. A feminine, pale, and soft-looking hand.</p>

      <p>Epic Seeker’s guildmaster role was unoccupied, effectively consisting of a trio of submasters. Two of those were Palinchron and Mr. Rayle, both of whom were influential adults with power and intelligence, which meant that this girl was on par with them. I gently gripped her hand in mine.</p>

      <p>“I’m Snow Walker, a dragonewt. Nice to meet you, Guildmaster Kanami.”</p>

      <p>“Er, nice to meet you, Snow...or should I call you Snowy?”</p>

      <p>Going by appearances, she looked younger than me, allowing me to refer to her that way. But now that I knew she’d been a submaster for six years, I wasn’t confident that she was as young as she looked.</p>

      <p>“We’re probably around the same age,” said Snow. “Caring about such things is a pain, so you can call me whatever you like.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks. All right, I’ll go with Snow. And you can call me whatever you like. No need for the polite register.”</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll call you Kanami. And I’ll speak casually too.”</p>

      <p>It seemed she was indeed as young as she looked, which meant that she’d been a submaster since before she was ten years old.</p>

      <p>“Kanami, Snow, I want you two to work together to run Epic Seeker so that the guild will be okay in my and Rayle’s absence.”</p>

      <p>“So what you’re saying is, operate the guild, the two of us. You’re honestly going to have us do it? When we’re this young?”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>