<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>If his explanation was true, it was an ability that resembled <em>Dimension</em> a great deal. Actually, it was stronger than <em>Dimension</em>, considering Lorwen didn’t need to expend any MP to activate it.</p>

      <p>“Maybe you’re thinking it’s similar to your own magic, but it’s different, technically. Your dimensional magic allows you to grasp everything on an intellectual level, while this is way more instinctive by comparison. It’s a technique to comprehend the flow and the natural ways of this world intuitively.”</p>

      <p>Until now, most of the sword techniques were rational and based on precise calculations. That this final technique was based on such an ambiguous and vague power had me scratching my head.</p>

      <p>“With this power, no matter what situation you may find yourself in, even if you’re out of magic energy, you’ll be able to fight against Reaper. And if you combine it with your dimensional magic, your comprehension power ought to power up, becoming more accurate than ever before.”</p>

      <p>“All right, I’ll try doing it too.” I closed my eyes, quelled my magic energy, and cleared my mind, mimicking Lorwen’s technique by following what I’d observed. But all I was doing was standing in place. I heard his foot skid on the ground, and I braced myself—</p>

      <p>“Ow!”</p>

      <p>The next instant, he flicked me on the forehead. My eyes flew open.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, you did it wrong.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? What’d I do wrong? Hold on. I’ll try again.”</p>

      <p>“It’s good to challenge yourself.”</p>

      <p>I attempted it again, the same way as before. This time around, I held nothing back. I perfectly mimicked the information I’d gleaned down to the most minute detail. His heartbeats, the amount of perspiration, his breathing—I brought myself closer and closer to all of it. I even reenacted where he’d tensed his muscles to a tee, let alone his posture. I sharpened my senses and waited for him to come at me with his forehead finger fl—</p>

      <p>“Ow!”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t block it.</p>

      <p>“Hmm,” said Lorwen. “You’re not picking it up as quickly all of a sudden.”</p>

      <p>“Oh c’mon! There’s no way I can understand my surroundings with my eyes closed and without using any magic energy!”</p>

      <p>“But you can. You saw it yourself; I was using this skill to dodge Reaper’s blind-spot attacks.”</p>

      <p>“But how can that possibly be?! You’re... You’re not doing anything!”</p>

      <p><em>That’s right. This skill involves not doing anything. And if you don’t do anything, you can’t grasp any information. That’s the logical conclusion.</em></p>

      <p>“It’s <em>because</em> I’m not doing anything that I understand. It’s less a technique of the body and more a technique of the mind. Looks like you may be able to mimic things on an external level, you can’t on an internal level. Basically, it’s your headspace that must be tripping you up.”</p>

      <p>“Hold on, there’s no way my headspace will solve the problem!” I couldn’t comprehend what he was saying.</p>

      <p>“And here I thought this skill was ideally suited to you, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>I shook my head frantically, and he gave me a pitying look, which didn’t amuse me. After all, the chance that this was a unique skill that only he could perform was high. In fact, I was sure of it. That’d make sense of things. A technique of the mind like the Responsiveness skill? I’d never—</p>

      <p>“Your mind and body are kinda disconnected,” he continued.</p>

      <p>He drew closer and put a hand on my forehead. Then he closed his eyes, as if he were feeling around inside my heart. I didn’t feel any magic energy in his hand. Even if I activated <em>Dimension</em>, I still wouldn’t know what he was doing. For all intents and purposes, he had his hand on my forehead and that was that. Despite that, he perceived the state of my heart and voiced what he was sensing.</p>

      <p>“Not only are they disconnected, you’ve also got a ton of chains binding ya, it looks like. Sturdy, constricting chains.”</p>

      <p>“You can even grasp stuff like that through Responsiveness?”</p>

      <p>“It’s because this skill is more or less the utmost peak a human can reach, though it has a drawback, in that as a sort of enlightenment, it’s hard to learn.”</p>

      <p>“A sort of enlightenment? You...were gonna teach me something that, well, <em>ultimate?”</em></p>

      <p>“I thought you’d be able to learn.”</p>

      <p>“But, like, there’s no way I could achieve enlightenment that easily.”</p>

      <p>I cursed how difficult the trial Lorwen had assigned me was. In my world, enlightenment was the stuff of fairy tales, something that a handful, if not fewer, of our grand forefathers might or might not reach in their lifetimes. How could an idiot like me come shoulder to shoulder with the greats?</p>

      <p>Lorwen forcefully dismissed that idea. “You’ve got that backwards. It’d be stranger if you <em>didn’t</em> reach it easily. That’s how silly strong you are.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know what to say to that. I didn’t think he was talking solely about my dimensional magic or my Aptitude or what have you. I had a feeling he was talking about something more fundamental. About everything I’d been gifted in this world. The way this world seemed so partial to me.</p>

      <p>“Maybe what that Lastiara Whoseyards girl said was on the money. I can’t state anything definitively, but it’s true that your heart’s in no normal state.”</p>

      <p>“So you think so too.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I do. My Responsiveness skill is telling me your mental condition is off...but I won’t say anything beyond that, seeing as I’m a dead man who’ll soon disappear. I’ll leave you some words to chew on, but I won’t lend you a hand outside of that.”</p>

      <p>His words weren’t too cold nor too kind. They were unmistakably his remarks as my master.</p>

      <p>“What say we head back, Kanami? You must be fairly tuckered out, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I guess I am.”</p>

      <p>“You almost entirely mastered a whole school of bladecraft and it only tired you out a bit. Boy is that unfair.”</p>

      <p>“That weirdly gets under your skin, huh, Lorwen?”</p>

      <p>“It’d get under anybody’s skin at least a little. That’s just how unfair it is.”</p>

      <p>As we bantered, we were about to exit Floor 30 when I noticed how thin his magic energy had gotten.</p>

      <p>“Lorwen,” I stammered. “Am I imagining it or has your magic energy gotten weaker?”</p>

      <p>This was different from expending magic energy. It wasn’t that there was less of it. The magic energy itself had gotten thinner, and the most apt way to describe it was “weakened.”</p>

      <p>“That could be. Looks like teaching you was more fun than I’d have guessed. That was so fulfilling,” he said, smiling faintly and leaving it at that.</p>

      <p>He was walking ahead of me, and from behind I could see that he was swaying feebly.</p>

      <p>“I...see.”</p>

      <p>I understood now. In the space of a few hours, we had erased one of the regrets in his heart. And I also understood how exceedingly easy the deal we’d struck to resolve his lingering attachments was. The hurdles in the way of achieving his heart’s desire were incredibly low. It probably wouldn’t take much at all for him to vanish from this world. But that wasn’t a sad thing. Not when vanishing was his ultimate desire and the end point of a happy life. As such, I couldn’t say anything more than that.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t do anything but mumble those two words and keep following in his footsteps.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Following that Dungeon dive with Lorwen, I headed alone to where I figured Palinchron was in order to give him a progress report on our little deal. I also had to report how I’d unilaterally decided to make Lorwen a guest of Epic Seeker. While I was guildmaster, the true top echelon was the submasters, veteran members that they were. Third, I wanted an explanation as to why he’d signed me up for the Brawl without asking me first. Lastly, I planned to question him about my mind and body too. I’d contemplated asking him to heal me, as his forte was mental magic, but I shook my head and put aside the idea right away. There was no doubt that Palinchron was hiding stuff from me. I didn’t trust him enough to be able to take that option. I couldn’t trust him unconditionally. Not anymore.</p>

      <p>I had a lot to talk about. I recalled the directions Snow had told me as I walked. My destination was the foot of a mountain at the edge of Laoravia. There lay the villa of Rayle Thenks, the third of the three submasters and the man who’d saved me from the big fire alongside Palinchron. Mr. Rayle was Palinchron’s best friend, and it seemed Palinchron was borrowing his place while he was active in Laoravia.</p>

      <p>As I walked through town, the number of people around gradually diminished. It looked as though the villa had been built in an outlying district. From what I’d heard, it was a lavish home, so I was slightly looking forward to paying a visit.</p>

      <p>I continued walking down the desolate road, until at last I reached the villa. Or more precisely, the ruins of said villa.</p>

      <p>“Huh? What the hell? This <em>is</em> the place, right?”</p>

      <p>The villa had collapsed. None of its stone walls were left standing, and the pillars that had formerly propped the building up lay broken. The belongings inside weren’t intact either; everything had been destroyed. Obviously, the roof was gone as well, baring the interior to the elements. A number of people were running restlessly around nearby. These were the chamberlains and butlers and so on, as well as buff workers who looked to be in the construction business. From the snippets of the conversations I overheard, I could tell they were currently disposing of the debris and rebuilding.</p>

      <p>I spotted the person who was giving them orders and drew closer. He was a man with countless scars on his face—the owner of this villa, Mr. Rayle. Himself a powerhouse, he picked up on my presence and looked my way, a little hostility on his face, which soon melted when he saw it was me.</p>

      <p>“Oh, it’s you, huh? Thanks for coming,” he said, welcoming me with an amicable expression.</p>

      <p>Despite being so obviously stretched thin, he’d greeted me with a smile. This was a man with a sturdy heart. He had more grit than two other submasters I could name.</p>

      <p>“What on earth happened here?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, nothing, just got hit by a small little assault.”</p>

      <p>“An assault? What kind of attack could cause all <em>this?</em>”</p>

      <p>Judging by the fallout, I thought they must have gotten attacked by a dragon or something. But his reply was even scarier than that, and in more ways than one.</p>

      <p>“We got wrecked by a single girl.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? A girl? You’re pulling my leg, right?”</p>

      <p>“One girl did this. The girl called Diablo Sith. By her hand, this place became vacant land,” he said smilingly.</p>

      <p>He’d come to terms with it, but this was no laughing matter to me.</p>

      <p>“Diablo Sith?!”</p>

      <p>She was one of the two overpowered girls. Her emotionally unstable outbursts and her way-too-pretty tear-stained face had made quite the impression on me.</p>

      <p>Mr. Rayle seemed to know something about her, so I asked him, “Who or what <em>is</em> she?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm...it was like she was an assassin with an axe to grind against Palinchron. The guy’s incurred quite a few people’s enmity, see. Stuff like this happens all the time. But then again, the mansion crumbling to the ground’s a first.”</p>

      <p>“An assassin? Don’t assassins kill sneakily in the dead of night? So how’d it get like this?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, at first it <em>was</em> like that. But when he gave her the slip, she got revenge by completely destroying the mansion before going back.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, what? She destroyed it in revenge... <em>What?!</em>”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t believe what he’d said, but then I thought back to what she’d been like when I first bumped into her, and suddenly it seemed plausible.</p>

      <p>“If I recall correctly, she said Palinchron had slashed her torso. I’m sure that must be why.”</p>

      <p>“He slashed her? He’s never up to any good, that guy. I mean really.”</p>

      <p>After learning that Palinchron was behaving as poorly as she was, I chose not to feel any sympathy for him.</p>

      <p>“Uh, so is Palinchron not around here anymore, or...”</p>

      <p>“He’s not even in the country anymore, let alone this mansion. He ended up jumping a bit ahead of schedule and going to Laoravia’s suzerain territory early. He pulled a runner with a smile on his face and a spring in his step.”</p>

      <p>“With a smile on his face, huh? Leaving me in the lurch. I was in the middle of a deal with him.”</p>

      <p>“That, you don’t gotta worry about. I can pinch-hit for all the main points. Your ‘deal’ being the thing about slaying the Guardian, right?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, yes, that’s right.”</p>

      <p>“Did ya kill the thing already? I figure if you show me the magic gem as proof, I’ll spill the beans.”</p>

      <p>“No, not yet. I got to the floor and met him, but...it didn’t look like I could beat him.”</p>

      <p>“So you succeeded in summoning it but can’t kill it. I see. Then the Guardian of Floor 30 really is cooperative with the one who reaches it.”</p>

      <p>He’d accurately surmised my situation from the little information I’d given him.</p>

      <p>“You already know? You know that the Guardian isn’t just some monster?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I do...and it’s a secret known by the Dungeon Alliance as well.” From his tone, it seemed he was pretty well-informed about the Dungeon. And about me.</p>

      <p>“You must know about them too, Mr. Rayle. About the Guardian...about my bangle...and about Lastiara Whoseyards and Diablo Sith.”</p>

      <p>“Yep. I do indeed know about your bangle. Palinchron’s a malicious guy at heart. He didn’t say anything, but he must’ve been enjoying how much you were sweating. You know what, I’ll tell you what I can,” he said, picking up on what I was getting at.</p>

      <p>If it had been Palinchron, he would’ve picked up on what I was getting at—and seized that opportunity to stoke my anxiety further. Maybe the fact he was at Laoravia’s beck and call was just sparing me some grief.</p>

      <p>“I’ll start from the beginning. Number one, you really do have the bangle to thank for maintaining the life you currently enjoy in this world. If you lose it, every ounce of happiness you have here will crumble away, and that’s a fact. Protecting that bangle is for your own sake as much as anything else’s. As for those two girls—Lastiara Whoseyards and Diablo Sith—I don’t wanna tell you about them, as it’ll upset you. I know that if you learn the truth, it’d start weighing on you heavily. And make no mistake, you <em>will</em> suffer for it. You’ll lose your happy life and start walking the path of hardship. Palinchron may think that’s just fine, but personally, I recommend you stay far, far away from it. That path isn’t the path a kid as good-hearted as you should go down.”</p>

      <p>“So you don’t deny that those two have some kind of connection to me.”</p>

      <p>“I’m neither confirming nor denying it.”</p>

      <p>“Nor are you denying that these bangles are altering my memories, and Maria’s too.”</p>

      <p>“I’m not confirming or denying that either. But please don’t misunderstand. The memories that are sealed away are terrible ones. In order to give you two a happy life, the memories that you don’t need have been made fuzzier. Think of it as a sort of therapy. It was through that process that you two attained happiness. A life where you’re not on the run from anything, where you’ve got nothing to fear. You’re truly so much happier than before, it’s no contest...and people exist to be happy. Especially kids like you and Mar-Mar.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t think he could be lying. Though it was rude of me, I was double-checking via <em>Layered Dimension</em>, and looking at things such as his body temperature and heart rate and so on, I saw none of the telltale signs.</p>

      <p>“Surely you’ve got some small inkling of how tragic the day of that fire was? How hard it was for your sister Maria to endure? Looking at her eyes should give you an idea. If you regain your memories of that fire, your sister will have to face the agonizing and miserable truth...but if you yield to those bangles, you two will be able to keep the happiness you have now. That alone, I can guarantee you. I crafted the perfect plan to make sure of it. Stay on this path, and you get to lead a life as a hero of Laoravia where you want for nothing, and your sister will be happy too.”</p>

      <p>From his tone, it was clear that he was truly looking out for me from the bottom of his heart. He was putting forth every effort to give us happiness. And once he threw my sister into the mix, I was left without a paddle. I could make all sorts of compromises if it only affected me, but I couldn’t if it affected the sister I loved so dearly. If it was what was best for her, I’d agree to it.</p>

      <p>“If you still screw up the will to learn the whole truth despite all that, however, it’s a different story. I’ll tell you everything and make you two unhappy, if that’s what you want, and I’ll abandon all my plans. Or rather, ‘I’ll move on to the next plan’ is, I suppose, more accurate.”</p>

      <p>Thus he gave me my second option. And the two choices before me were a difficult decision because their consequences were so apparent.</p>

      <p>Mr. Rayle didn’t stop there. He also explained the significance behind my deal. “In our eyes, the slaying of the Guardian is a yardstick. If you’ve grown strong enough in body and mind to be able to take down such an entity—and if you still end up wanting to change your current situation after defeating that entity—then I’ve got no qualms about telling you the truth. I’ll lay it all out there. That’s what the deal is about.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t sense any perfidy or malice in any of what he’d said. Unlike Palinchron, I could trust this man.</p>

      <p>“I guess that’s about all I can tell you.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you. You’ve explained a hundred times more than he ever did.”</p>

      <p>“Palinchron didn’t even tell you a hundredth of what I just did?” He sighed. “He never changes.”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t thank him enough. Thanks to him, I got a rough window into my current predicament. I also asked him to explain why they’d signed me up for the Brawl. Apparently, that was another part of his plan. He left the decision of whether or not to participate up to me. And as for Lorwen and Reaper staying at Epic Seeker, he agreed to it readily.</p>

      <p>With that, I’d told him everything I could, and since he was busy with the work of repairing his mansion, we couldn’t talk for very long anyway. I thanked him and left without delay.</p>

      <p>On my way back, I consolidated what I knew. To summarize, Maria and I had some sorrowful past that Palinchron was concealing from us, though his reasons remained unclear. Snow also knew that, but her taciturn nature meant she stopped at a vague warning. And finally, there was Mr. Rayle, who sincerely believed that keeping the truth hidden was key to our happiness. But he was also conniving in a way, because he’d formulated a plan to set me up as the hero of Epic Seeker. Maybe if I regained my memories, I’d stop being that hero.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t enough. I simply didn’t have enough information yet. Our harrowing past was still shrouded in mist. I assumed that those two girls must have something to do with it. Lastiara had called Maria her friend. Maybe Maria and I had once been friends or allies with them. I could infer that based on how Diablo Sith had acted. But Mr. Rayle was opposed to me returning to their side. He’d said those two would be a burden on me, and that reconciling with them would be a “path of hardship.” Perhaps they were at least part of what had caused our misfortune.</p>

      <p>I poured my all into trying to piece it together. After Maria and I had stumbled into this world, I must have started going by the alias “Sieg.” Back then, Lastiara and Dia must have been comrades of ours. But a series of unfortunate events had triggered that fateful fire, leaving the party scattered. Epic Seeker then took us under their wing. The chances were good that that was when Maria injured her eyes too.</p>

      <p><em>Wait...that doesn’t make sense. Why was I the only one who went by an alias like “Sieg”? Lastiara called Maria by her real name. If I was going by an alias, why wouldn’t I make my sister do so too?</em></p>

      <p><em>Actually, maybe it’s not that weird. Maybe the bangle prevented me from realizing that the name Maria is an alias? Could Maria’s real name be different? No, that’s...</em></p>

      <p>But her real name being different was what made the most sense to me. Another thing that stood out to me as weird was the fact I’d been Dungeon diving back then too. The reason I was diving was to cover the costs of Maria’s treatment and to gain strength befitting the guildmaster of Epic Seeker. Would the siblings who ended up in a whole new world really enter the Dungeon, with the risks that entailed? What reason could we have had? I couldn’t imagine it was to gain the strength to defend ourselves. Not when the Dungeon itself was the most perilous place in all the land. It didn’t make sense to throw ourselves into the lap of danger in order to avoid danger. Did we do it for money, maybe? No...if our goal was to earn a living, there was no need to fixate on the Dungeon. There were plenty of jobs out there. What other reason could there be? To pay for Maria’s treatment?</p>

      <p>In order to cover her medical expenses, I needed a lot of money fast, and it was for that purpose that I’d been diving—I’d understand if that was the case. But that didn’t gel with the sorrowful past that needed erasing or the day of the fire. It was the fire that had blinded Maria, and my memories had been sealed to hide whatever had happened.</p>

      <p><em>Hold on a sec. Something’s not adding up about that either. If that were true, then why not just block </em>her<em> memories as opposed to both of ours? Wouldn’t hiding my memories be pointless? Did something bad happen to me too? Something as bad as Maria’s blinding?</em></p>

      <p>There was no way Mr. Rayle would mess with my memories for no reason. There had to be a reason, but I just couldn’t see what it could be. I still lacked the information I needed. I could ponder until the cows came home, but it wouldn’t give me an answer I could be certain of. Was regaining my memories really what I ought to do?</p>

      <p>For some reason, I was gradually losing confidence. After all, I hadn’t sensed any ill will from any of them—not from Palinchron or Mr. Rayle or Snow, nor from Lastiara or Diablo Sith. From what I could tell, they all had good intentions. And they were all acting for my sake. That was what was so hard to understand. It was all so...<em>forgiving.</em> So <em>lax</em>. Nobody wished me any harm, and there was no real danger anywhere. My state of affairs was too unthreatening, and I was too happy.</p>

      <p><em>But am I really gonna dig up my and Maria’s dark memories? Really?</em></p>

      <p>I got the sensation that someone was saying, “Why don’t you just stay the course?” I heard the whisper in my ear. “If you keep to this road, you’ll be able to safely attain happiness.” It even appealed to the kid inside me, telling me I could become a hero.</p>

      <p>I kept walking, spurred forward by that invisible something giving me an encouraging pat on the back. When I arrived at Epic Seeker, I was greeted by my comrades. Strolling through the corridor, our members started talking to me with smiles on their faces. They believed in me wholeheartedly. Meanwhile, Snow was waiting for me in my office. And when I strained my ears, I could hear Reaper and Lorwen kicking up a commotion. It sounded like they were having fun. Up the stairs, my baby sister was happy and safe. What more could I ask for?</p>

      <p>And yet I was bleeding. Drops of red, dripping from my clenched fist.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Kanami?” asked my sister, who was sitting atop her bed.</p>

      <p>“Oh, no. It’s... It’s nothing.”</p>

      <p>It was nothing. I needed it to be nothing. If I tripped up and strayed from the rail tracks, I’d be consigning her to a life of misery. And yet, it was also true that my gut was pleading with me to remove the bangle. If removing it would clear up these headaches, this sense of discomfort, and this rage I couldn’t explain, I had half a mind to do it. Little by little, my hand drew closer to the bangle. Little by little...little by little...</p>

      <p>But right before my hand was about to touch it, I turned pale as a sheet. I felt a fierce chill down to my toes, racked by the fear that I was about to lose something more precious than life itself. My whole body froze up, and my hand wouldn’t get any closer.</p>

      <p>“Are... Are you okay, Kanami? You don’t look so good.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, uh, yeah, I’m okay. I’m just a little sleepy.”</p>

      <p>I collapsed into bed. My head was running hot. I hadn’t ruminated particularly deeply, and yet my head felt so heavy and stuffy. It was almost like my thoughts were bound by chains. I couldn’t think freely. Even if I tried to move forward, those chains would hold me back.</p>

      <p>“I’m...slee...py...”</p>

      <p>My world turned steadily blacker. My hand had failed to reach my bangle, and I’d lost my strength. At the same time, my consciousness was falling toward the bottom of the deep dark.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p><em>Is this...a dream?</em></p>

      <p>My fingertips felt as heavy as lead, and I couldn’t lift my arms. My legs were stuck in something, my body deprived of any freedom to move. It was like I was immersed in a muddy mire. I couldn’t even open my eyes, nor was I permitted to stir in the slightest. That was how deep the darkness I was floating in was. Then, a voice came from the void.</p>

      <p>“Ah, I don’t care what ends up happening to you. That being said, your life going <em>that</em> smoothly does piss me off, so...”</p>

      <p>A blurry figure appeared behind my eyelids. The silhouette was barely audible, but I could never mistake the owner of that voice. It was Palinchron Regacy.</p>

      <p>I was now certain that this was a dream—a dream of the past. It was the memory of a defeat. The recollection had been triggered by some action I’d taken before falling asleep. I was remembering the words that Palinchron had imposed upon me. The <em>curse</em>. In the darkness, the flickering figure continued.</p>

      <p>“Let’s make it so you value that bangle over your own life. After all, I do need ya to make protecting it priority number one. Hope ya don’t mind if that directive gets seared deep into your psyche.”</p>

      <p>I was being shown all of the answers.</p>

      <p>“Hm, I know. Why don’t I set it at the same level of importance as Aikawa Hitaki? That way I can rest assured he won’t touch it.”</p>

      <p>He was saying diabolical shit without compunction as he made his evil magic energy creep into my body. The energy crawled around inside, meddling with my mind. Then the silhouette handed me something.</p>

      <p>“Here, laddie. Or ‘Kanami.’ Put it on.”</p>

      <p>And I took it. The me in the darkness took it. The light but sturdy bangle. It sat in the palm of my hand, and it felt heavier than its actual weight. It was like it was more precious to me than my life.</p>

      <p>“That bangle is the next thing that you need to be protecting. Try overcoming the Vigesimal and Trigesimal Trials with that on. I’ve got faith you’re the one who can do it, pal,” he said with a smile.</p>

      <p>“I’m just gonna have you think stuff that’s not <em>strictly</em> true” my ass. “I ain’t gonna touch the core of Aikawa Kanami” my ass. This was unforgivable. I knew that the winner took the spoils, and even if this was a matter of course from Palinchron’s point of view, I’d never forgive him. Even though I couldn’t move an inch, blood continued to drip from my clenched fist. That pain was forcing me to remember. <em>Do not look past this injustice</em>, it was telling me. <em>Whatever you do, do not forgive and forget.</em> <em>Do not let this man, Palinchron Regacy, off the hook</em>.</p>

      <p>But this was a memory of the past. That sentiment would not linger past the memory I was watching play out. All I could do was lie there and dream it, this distant dream. And I knew that because I dreamed this dream every night. Once I woke up, I’d forget everything I saw. That was how it worked. When I opened my eyes, I’d wonder about the bleeding from my palm and try to remember my dream, only to find myself unable to, try as I might.</p>

      <p>That was why I had no choice but to place my hopes not in myself, but in another. If I did now, my thoughts and feelings wouldn’t go in vain. I was able to convey this wrath I felt to the girl to whom I was linked. And while she was not the most dependable of people, that was better than telling no one.</p>

      <p>Ba-dump.</p>

      <p>Through the emblem on my neck, my thoughts flowed into a certain little girl: <em>Don’t play with people’s futures! Don’t let his lies go unanswered! Don’t get what you want mixed up!</em></p>

      <p><em>Please</em>, I thought,<em> hear my screams! And then send these thoughts back to me!</em></p>

      <p><em>Please, Reaper!!!</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>