<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Damn! You’re after me now?!”</p>

      <p>“Look this way, mister.”</p>

      <p>It was damn near teleportation. Taken aback by her effectively warping behind me, I unsheathed my sword and looked over my shoulder. She had a big smile on her face. It was the innocent smile of a child who’d pulled off some kind of prank. She put her hand on my shoulder. Then she poked my cheek.</p>

      <p>“Hee hee, got you to look!”</p>

      <p>I jumped away from her. Pain and heat racked the nape of my neck. “Yowch!”</p>

      <p>My sword was trained on her as I put a hand to my neck. I didn’t sense an ounce of hostility from her, but the chances I’d been hit with some kind of attack were high.</p>

      <p>After I gained some distance on the gleeful little girl, Mr. Lorwen attacked her.</p>

      <p>“Reaper! Don’t drag strangers into this!”</p>

      <p>“You’re too late, Lorwen! The boy’s mine now!”</p>

      <p>The girl flew away from Mr. Lorwen. It didn’t take long to comprehend what she meant by that. I focused <em>Dimension</em> on the heat in my neck. A black symbol resembling a magic circle was now floating over that spot, and it emitted heat as it siphoned away my magic energy. <em>Dimension</em> informed me that the energy was flowing into the girl called Reaper. Looking closely, a symbol similar to the one on my neck had appeared at some point on her forehead. Some kind of link had been created between the two symbols; there could be no doubt that she was currently draining my magic energy.</p>

      <p>“Hee hee! <em>The devil’s behind you now. The space behind you, my darling... it belongs to me and only me</em>,” she incanted. She absorbed my energy, and now she was bursting with power. “<em>I am the one, the only, Grim Rim Reaper!</em> Talk about a coincidence! This boy is the same as him! Hee hee hee! He’s <em>another</em> dimension mage! And would you look at that! I just filled my caster-mage vacancy using him! Now then, Lorwen, what’re you gonna do?!”</p>

      <p>Whenever she shouted and made her power swell, more magic energy leaked from me. She was doubtless only surviving off the energy she was taking from me. Mr. Lorwen groaned and came over to me.</p>

      <p>“Damn, no choice now! What’s your name, kid?!”</p>

      <p>“Kanami,” I said, still with a hand to my neck. “My name is Aikawa Kanami.”</p>

      <p>While I could sense a wickedness in the girl, I didn’t sense any malice from the Guardian. I concluded that telling him my name couldn’t hurt.</p>

      <p>“Ai... Aikawa Kanami?!” he shouted in surprise.</p>

      <p>Apparently, my name rang a bell. However, Mr. Lorwen only gave a look of surprise for a brief space of time, and then quickly closed his mouth and returned to a serious expression.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Kanami! I’ll be needing you to cooperate! If you wanna undo that curse, we have to take her down!”</p>

      <p>“I... I don’t really get what’s happening, but I do know that that girl is bad news! And that I can’t afford to let things play out!”</p>

      <p>I now understood that holding my neck was doing nothing to stem the flow of energy, so I accepted Mr. Lorwen’s proposal.</p>

      <p>“Hee hee, heh heh heh, ah ha ha, AH HA HA HA HA HA!”</p>

      <p>I brandished my sword side by side with the Guardian as we stared down the grim reaper girl who was merrily laughing her head off. This was completely different from my initial plan, but it couldn’t be helped. I had to do something about the foe before my eyes before I could touch the Guardian. I started thinking about the optimal plan to defeat her.</p>

      <p>The next moment, her giant scythe smashed the surrounding crystal to pieces. I dodged the attack by a nose as I asked him a question—I needed information to be able to do anything at all.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Lorwen! Is that thing a monster or what?!”</p>

      <p>“No, it’s not! And of course, it’s not a Guardian or a human either! It’s just a spell! It’s a spell with a mind of its own!”</p>

      <p>“A spell?!” The possibility hadn’t crossed my mind.</p>

      <p>“Yep. It’s a curse created solely to kill me. The spell used a fairy tale as its motif, and the spell’s name is <em>Grim Rim Reaper</em>. Please fight while keeping that story in mind!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, did you...did you say fairy tales?! Sorry, but I don’t know that one!” I’d never heard of the Grim Rim Reaper.</p>

      <p>“But I mean, everyone knows that story the world over!”</p>

      <p>“I’m telling you, I really don’t know it!” However famous the story was, I wasn’t from this world.</p>

      <p>I kept dodging her aiming-for-my-blind-spot scythe swings, the look on my face ever serious. Mr. Lorwen could tell from my expression that I wasn’t lying.</p>

      <p>“Okay! I’ll give you the gist! She can’t exist while you’re looking at her; she only takes form when you’re not looking at her. She’s the villain in the fairy tale and acts according to that rule. She’ll attack from outside your field of vision, so hit her using counterattacks!”</p>

      <p>“She only takes form when you don’t see her? Okay, got it!”</p>

      <p>That was all she needed to be a thorn in my side. Sure, she was a spell as opposed to an organism, but that was still an overpowered ability. She could attack from all directions, teleporting and then swinging, teleporting and then swinging, and while I could dodge, countering her scythe stroke was easier said than done.</p>

      <p>There was something unnatural about her onslaught, though. When facing Mr. Lorwen, she exuded a hair-raising bloodlust, but she had no bloodlust toward me at all. And I got the feeling she was actively avoiding swinging for my vitals too.</p>

      <p>I had Mr. Lorwen’s back. Irritated, she backed away a little and huffed indignantly. “Oh, for goodness’ sake! Would you get out of my hair, mister?! I just wanna kill Lorwen!”</p>

      <p>“Er, so uh, you don’t plan on killing me, then?”</p>

      <p>“Of course not. You’re what I’m feeding on, mister. I’d just be crippling myself.”</p>

      <p>“What you’re...feeding on... I don’t suppose you could quit draining my energy for the time being, huh?”</p>

      <p>“No duh! If I stopped, I’d stop being in fighting form, so I’ll drain you till death do us part!”</p>

      <p>“You’re gonna drain me to death? In that case, what choice do I have but to fight you?”</p>

      <p>I gripped my blade anew and glared at her, but I couldn’t muster the will to kill her either. Her looking human was already enough to make slaying her difficult. Her reacting to stuff in that childlike way only dampened my fighting spirit even more.</p>

      <p>“Kanami, it’s no use! Once the curse is on you, it’ll just keep draining your energy until you die!” the Guardian cried.</p>

      <p>But I didn’t believe him, partly because I wasn’t going to swallow wholesale whatever somebody I just met said, but mostly because I didn’t get the sense that the danger was quite as bad as he was making it out to be. It was true that my energy was getting sucked out of me, but that was hardly going to kill me. It was leaking from my body a tiny bit at a time, like through a thin straw. And while it would hinder combat a little for me, it wasn’t life-or-death. Or at least, it shouldn’t be.</p>

      <p>She processed the energy she was taking from me with apparent relish and started crafting a spell. “Hee hee! What juicy magic energy! I’m thinking I’m in finer form than before! Now it’ll be child’s play to escape from your gazes!”</p>

      <p>It looked as though this spell could cast its own spell. “Spellcast: <em>Dimension: Nightmare!</em>”</p>

      <p>It was very similar to my magic, and not just because it contained the word <em>Dimension</em> in its name. It was clearly the same school of spell. And that wasn’t all. Even the idea of tacking a word like “nightmare” onto the spell’s name sounded like something I’d do.</p>

      <p>Floor 30 became filled with dimension-element magic, black bubbles suddenly appearing within that domain. Using <em>Dimension</em>, I gleaned the full picture of her magic. In essence, it wasn’t all that different from <em>Dimension</em>. I also detected that the black bubbles were packed with teleportation magic. It was a lot like <em>Snowmension</em> in that way. As for why the bubbles were black, it was probably to block the enemy’s vision even as it conquered the space on the battlefield.</p>

      <p>As promised, she made her body disappear and teleported to our blind spot. I immediately expanded <em>Dimension</em> out wide and eliminated it as a blind spot. However, her own <em>Dimension: Nightmare</em> grasped the expansion of my <em>Dimension</em>, pinpointing where the expansion was thinnest and moving to that spot.</p>

      <p>Though <em>Dimension</em> was a spell that gathered information about space, it didn’t always do so automatically. For the most part, I had to think about what information I wanted. In other words, unless I was painstakingly meticulous, there would invariably be a small gap somewhere. And she was traveling within those gaps. It was a battle of precision between <em>Dimension</em>s.</p>

      <p>She appeared near Mr. Lorwen’s rear and slashed at him laterally. He wrenched himself out of the way, but if I wasn’t mistaken, it looked like the scythe had grazed the hem of his clothes. Right before the sickle could do more damage, I perceived her using <em>Dimension</em>, so the weapon had lost its physical form.</p>

      <p>Seeing that she’d failed to even hit his hem, she pouted. She slashed at Mr. Lorwen over and over, but each and every time, my <em>Dimension</em> “saw” her, making her sickle fail to reach its target.</p>

      <p>“Grr! I’m so fed up! Your stupid magic’s getting in my way!”</p>

      <p>She changed targets to me. It seemed she had no means of getting around <em>Dimension</em>. Focusing on me, she tried to strengthen the link between her and the emblem on my nape.</p>

      <p>“I’ll just drain more of your energy and leave you unable to use that spell!”</p>

      <p>Mr. Lorwen grew flustered. “Kanami, fall back for now—”</p>

      <p>“That’s okay, Mr. Lorwen,” I replied quietly. “I’ve got this. I get it now.”</p>

      <p>I had collected enough information on her. Her unique ability had taken me by surprise at first, but now I was used to it.</p>

      <p>I ignored her and crafted a different spell. To be frank, this piddly little curse-link could never drain me dry. It was like pricking a hole in a giant silo with a needle. It had no real impact when it came to the larger picture.</p>

      <p>“I’ll switch all my magic energy usage to <em>Layered Dimension</em> and prioritize my space-sight.”</p>

      <p>I intensified my perception field, filling the entire space and eliminating any unseen spot for her to materialize in. There were no more places where it was thin either. I left zero holes through which she could get the jump on us. That was all I had to do to utterly incapacitate her.</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh?! What the?!”</p>

      <p>Through her <em>Dimension: Nightmare</em>, she’d detected that my magic energy now permeated every square inch of Floor 30. She turned her body to mist and teleported around, darting from black bubble to black bubble and leaping through space, only to find herself unable to ever actually materialize.</p>

      <p>“Huh? There’s nowhere I’m not seen?!” Sweat beaded on her forehead and she grimaced.</p>

      <p>“Give it up. As long as I’m anywhere near you, you’ll never be able to materialize again. I won’t miss one millimeter or one second of time, and I’ll never let you go.”</p>

      <p><em>Dimension</em>’s gaze captured every microsecond she teleported. By perceiving the flow of magic energy, I could even predict where she’d teleport to next. Moreover, I’d already finished analyzing the hundred-plus black bubbles. With that, she was left with no means of doing us harm. And as long as she couldn’t attack us with her scythe, it was checkmate.</p>

      <p>“You can’t be serious! You snake! That’s beyond messed up! I can’t!”</p>

      <p>After repeatedly teleporting, the incensed reaper tried to hit my body with both hands. As she was still unable to materialize, she couldn’t even touch me.</p>

      <p>“Phew. Glad I happened to have a spell that’s handy against her. I’m gonna take a breather for now.”</p>

      <p>I took a deep breath, relieved that the rapid-fire action had finally come to a stop. And it appeared that Mr. Lorwen understood that as well, as he saw how neutralized she was. He relaxed and came over to us.</p>

      <p>“Damn, Kanami, you’re something else! But are you sure your magic energy ain’t running out?”</p>

      <p>“It’s not really that bad, mister. Honestly, it isn’t something I might die from.”</p>

      <p>Lorwen started ruminating with a serious expression. “It’s not that bad? Is it our location? Or is your magic energy just that huge?”</p>

      <p>Seeing him at such a loss to explain it, the girl floated closer. She knew it was pointless to struggle, so she’d made her scythe vanish. I stood at the ready against her, but she addressed the Guardian with a lighthearted tone.</p>

      <p>“I think that’s just how much magic energy he’s got compared to you. Unlike you, mister’s got loads and loads. I’m draining away, but he’s still got strength to spare. And even worse, it’s super effective against me!”</p>

      <p>“Is the gap between us that big?” Lorwen replied equally casually.</p>

      <p>“Yep. If he’s a richly flavored apple, you’re dried fruit.”</p>

      <p>“Well, I’m sorry I’ve got such low magic energy! Actually, I’m <em>average</em>, if anything!”</p>

      <p>“Quit yelling at me! In any case, he won’t meet the end you thought he’d meet. I think a boy like him can probably keep me going indefinitely.”</p>

      <p>“He can keep you alive? You’re kidding me.”</p>

      <p>It seemed Lorwen could scarcely believe what she’d concluded. And for some reason, he appeared to be somewhat <em>worried</em> about her. I was the one who couldn’t believe what I was hearing; these two had been trying to kill each other moments prior, and now they were chatting as though that fight hadn’t just happened. They were too buddy-buddy. I was even inclined to think the two were old friends. I figured I should learn more about the situation, so I butted into their conversation.</p>

      <p>“Er, if I may?”</p>

      <p>“Hm? What’s up, kid?” He stopped ruminating and looked my way with a placid expression.</p>

      <p>“It’s just, I came all the way down here to take down the Guardian of Floor 30, so...”</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah, now that you mention it, I’m a Dungeon Guardian,” he said, his benign expression unchanging. “So much happened that I forgot.”</p>

      <p>This wasn’t going to script, to say the least. Wasn’t a Guardian supposed to be a merciless, unfeeling monster? Wasn’t a Guardian the kind of mad beast that attacked any humans it encountered, leaving countless casualties in its wake? That was what I’d been told, and yet...</p>

      <p>“Wait,” said the girl, “you came to kill Lorwen? Then let’s kill him together! I’d have liked to have killed him by myself, but I don’t mind bringing <em>you</em> aboard!”</p>

      <p>She was the one who supplied all the mercilessness and madness, not Lorwen. I did want to talk to her too, eventually, but Mr. Lorwen was the priority at the moment.</p>

      <p>“Hold... Hold on a second. Er...Reaper? Let me talk with Mr. Lorwen first.” I didn’t know what to call her at first, but I settled on just calling her Reaper.</p>

      <p>“Hmph! Don’t leave me out! Let me in on it!”</p>

      <p>“I’m not leaving you out of anything. I’ll listen to you later on, so for now, be good and—”</p>

      <p>“No way, no how! I know how this goes! You say that now, but you just plan to ignore me in the end!”</p>

      <p>“I can assure you that’s—”</p>

      <p>“Hey, forget about that and undo your spell already! With magic like that, I can’t touch anyth—”</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Wintermension</em>.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh?! It... It hurts! It hurts!”</p>

      <p>I activated a limited version of <em>Wintermension</em>, the target being the curse-link stretching to her from the emblem on the nape of my neck. It was the same process as when I impeded other people’s magic. All I did was apply <em>Wintermension</em>’s vibration-damping ability to suppress the flow, and that was enough to stem the transfer of magic energy to her. In fact, if I wanted to, I could reverse the flow and drain <em>her</em> energy.</p>

      <p>Cut off from her supply, she began to suffocate. The only reason I’d left her alone even though she was draining my magic energy was because I was confident that I could do this at any time. I quickly restored her supply and chided her.</p>

      <p>“Now be quiet.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, sir,” she said, looking extremely spooked. “Even the way he scolds people is the same as him,” she muttered as she backed down dejectedly. Clearly, she had some trauma with regard to what I’d just done.</p>

      <p>I’d been bailed out by how effective my dimensional magic happened to be against Reaper; she was shut down completely. But something was nagging at me a little. Even if Reaper was a spell created by some mage, it felt too convenient. It was almost like the spell had been cast knowing I’d be using it...</p>

      <p><em>You know what, I’ll think about that later.</em> <em>First, I have to talk to Mr. Lorwen.</em></p>

      <p>“Er, first things first, are you really the Guardian of Floor 30, mister?”</p>

      <p>“Sorry, kid, but could you cool it with the ‘mister’ and the formality? It’s bothering me.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? You mean my formal register?”</p>

      <p>“Physically, we’re basically the same age. Please just talk casually.”</p>

      <p>It was true that appearance-wise, we weren’t all that many years apart. Mr. Lorwen looked older than me, but not by much.</p>

      <p>“Got it, Lorwen. And you can just call me Kanami too.”</p>

      <p>“Of course, Kanami. Now then, what was the question again? Was it whether I’m a Guardian or not?”</p>

      <p>“I’m having trouble believing you could be a Guardian. Reaper, on the other hand, I could believe.”</p>

      <p>“Nope. That nitwit just came with the package. During the last moments of the ritual, she was near me, so she got wrapped up in it, that’s all. I’m definitely the Guardian here.”</p>

      <p>“So you’re a monster, then?”</p>

      <p>“Yep, I’m a monster. Only, unlike the other dudes, I haven’t fully fallen yet, so I’m still mostly human-looking.” Lorwen shifted his eyes to his own body. He was the very picture of a normal human being.</p>

      <p>“Damn, for real? That’s a problem. I came here because I thought there was a boss monster to kill.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, you don’t gotta worry about that. I can’t die like a person dies. You’re good to face me like you would a monster.”</p>

      <p>“You can’t die like a person dies? What’s that mean?”</p>

      <p>“The moment my heart stops beating, my transformation into a monster is complete. And if you beat me, you officially clear the Trigesimal Trial. Wanna go at it now?”</p>

      <p>“I dunno. You still look too human to fight to kill.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, guess I don’t blame ya... If I were in your shoes, I wouldn’t be able to draw my own sword either.” Mr. Lorwen shrugged with a sheepish smile.</p>

      <p>This truly put me in a bind. At this rate, I wouldn’t be able to fulfill my end of Palinchron’s bargain. I hadn’t imagined the Guardian would be this understanding. From what I’d heard, when Guardians in the past had manifested, it had resulted in lots of casualties, but Mr. Lorwen seemed to be different. Was the play to force his heart to stop and turn him into a monster? I figured I’d be able to point my sword at him if he looked the part. Probably.</p>

      <p>“Hrm. In that case, let’s make a deal,” suggested Mr. Lorwen.</p>

      <p>“Huh? A deal?”</p>

      <p>Yet another deal. A deal with Lorwen in order to cash in on Palinchron’s deal. It reminded me of chains of fetch quests and errands in an RPG. Go do this for me. Go do that for me. Meanwhile, the main story thread is put on the back burner. That happened all the time in video games. I had half a mind to ignore all of it and just level grind. After all, as long as I could do something about that pair of girls, I was pretty much golden.</p>

      <p>“Yep, and it’s a simple one. Grant me my heart’s desire. If you do, I’ll die.”</p>

      <p>“If I grant your heart’s desire, you’ll die? Is that really true?”</p>

      <p>“Us Guardians are dead to begin with. Our lingering attachments keep our bodies animated, but that doesn’t mean we’re alive. As such, if we lose those attachments, we start growing weaker, and if we fulfill our driving ambition, we disappear.”</p>

      <p>Mr. Lorwen had said he was already dead. It seemed the reason he’d said I could treat him as a monster to slay was because he had already braced himself for death. I was speechless, but he continued.</p>

      <p>“In fact, dying is what I want. So you don’t have to worry. You can aim for my life.”</p>

      <p>He smiled faintly. I knew he was being considerate, trying to lessen my anxiety however he could. And I figured it was only right I repay his kindness.</p>

      <p>“Understood. If you insist, I’ll resolve to kill the Guardian through that method.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>We shook on it. We’d only known each other for a short while, but I could tell that Lorwen wasn’t a bad person, and as such, I was willing to cooperate with him. Of course, it was also a self-interested move. Lorwen was strong. He was so capable, in fact, that he could dodge a hyperspeed scythe coming at him from his blind spot with ease while unarmed. I had no doubt that he’d be quite the asset against those two overpowered girls. Depending on the contents of our deal, he might become my ally up until he fulfilled his heart’s desire.</p>

      <p>“No, you can’t!” shouted Reaper, unable to stay quiet anymore. “I’m gonna be the one to kill Lorwen, so there’s no way I can let him die like that!”</p>

      <p>It seemed Reaper was obsessed with murdering Lorwen by her own hand. And considering she was a spell cast for the sole purpose of killing him, I perhaps couldn’t blame her for reaching that conclusion.</p>

      <p>“Look, I’m telling ya, the dude who ordered you to kill me is dead now. Man, have you got a thick skull. You ain’t got no reason to kill me anymore.”</p>

      <p>“I understand that...but...but then what am I supposed to do? What reason have I got to go on living?”</p>

      <p>“Decide for yourself,” he said, his tone strong and firm. “That’s what life’s about. Having your purpose in life decided for you before you’re born ain’t how it usually is. You need to live and <em>search</em> for what to do with your life.”</p>

      <p>I felt the same way. I was of the opinion that, at the very least, making it one’s purpose in life to kill somebody was wrong.</p>

      <p>“But... But that’s <em>hard</em>...” she said, close to tears as she turned back into black mist.</p>

      <p>“Hey, wait! Where are you going?!” shouted Lorwen.</p>

      <p>I knew where Reaper was fleeing, though. Or rather, she made it crystal clear to me. Because the black mist went inside of me. At first, I thought I’d reject her entry using <em>Wintermension</em>, but her sorrowful expression made me feel bad for her, so I ended up letting her inside.</p>

      <p>“Lorwen. Reaper went inside me. And she’s all withdrawn and sulky.”</p>

      <p>“Inside you? I...see. That’s good,” he said, relieved to hear that Reaper was okay. Apparently, he was concerned about the fate of the curse that had been so intent on killing him. He was like a big brother fretting over his ill-behaving sister.</p>

      <p>“But my body feels kinda heavy now.”</p>

      <p>“I mean, yeah. Reaper’s a curse. That’s only natural if you’re shouldering a top-level curse.”</p>

      <p>“Wha... What do I do with her?”</p>

      <p>“Well, Reaper may be a dumbass, but she’s not a bad kid. If you can reason with her, she’s a spell you can make use of. Congrats, Kanami. From this day forward, you’re the owner of a legendary death spirit.” The look in his eyes said he’d found someone to take care of his dumb little sister.</p>

      <p>“I’d like to pass, if possible.”</p>

      <p>Lorwen may have been cool with it, but there was no way I’d agree to this. It wouldn’t kill me, but it did put a drain on my precious MP.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, sorry. I was just joking. I’ll help you drive Reaper out. We’ll find a mage to replace you. Or if we can seal her away, that’d be good too... Unfortunately, magic’s outside my area of expertise, so there’s nothing I can do. Hey, are any other Guardians alive and kicking?”</p>

      <p>“No. I’m told both the Guardian of Floor 10 and the Guardian of Floor 20 are dead.”</p>

      <p>“Damn, if a Guardian who specialized in magic were around, we might’ve been able to save her. But they’re dead, huh? They’ve all disappeared.”</p>

      <p>Lorwen spoke of <em>saving</em> Reaper without missing a beat. The two had been trying to kill each other before, but it seemed that wasn’t all there was to their relationship. I intended to learn more about them little by little, but now that things had settled down, I wanted to ask him about the number-one most important thing. For indeed, it didn’t get more important...</p>

      <p>“So, Lorwen, what’s your heart’s desire?”</p>

      <p>...than the method by which I could kill the Thief of Earth’s Essence.</p>

      <p>“My heart’s desire, huh? Let me think. I feel like there was a lot,” he said, less than articulately. Gradually, he unearthed the memory, changing his expression countless times as he strung together his next sentence. “If I recall, my biggest wish was to become a famous knight, I think.” He opened and closed his empty right hand as he continued talking to himself. “Yeah, that’s right. My desire was to show the world my sword skills. That was my dream since I was a kid. I know that’s what it is. I know for a fact that that wish was a thing.”</p>

      <p>Embarrassed by the childishness of his own dream, he nevertheless stated it to me. His expression became assured.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. What I want is prestige and glory. I want the masses to sing my praises as a hero.”</p>

      <p>With a boyish grin, he let spill his very simple wish. It was so innocent, so pure...and sad and empty, in a way.</p>

      <p>“Otherwise, I’ll have no recompense,” he muttered, leaving his confession at that.</p>

      <p>I wasn’t imagining it. If I squinted, he looked positively <em>forlorn</em>.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>