<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy, Vol. 2</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:954b2b9b-f4bb-4056-8d53-c6e7ab29e173" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter001">
<h1 class="chapter-title1"><a id="page-1"></a><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter001">PROLOGUE</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">“Leonis, this is your sword. It’s a weapon only you may wield…”</p>
<p>With those words, the girl handed the boy a sword. It was a dark blade, cloaked in radiant shadows. The object was one of the Arc Seven, a group of mythological Dark Lord–slaying weapons. Leonis Shealto, greatest swordsman of the Six Heroes, once wielded that Holy Sword and with it felled countless demons, dragons, evil spirits, and even Dark Lords. Having received the Goddess of Rebellion’s blessing, the blade was reborn, becoming a Demon Sword.</p>
<p>Fearful and timid, the boy took hold of the weapon.</p>
<p>“…?!”</p>
<p>The power of darkness that flowed into him from the hilt made his head spin in a fit of vertigo.</p>
<p>“Yes, the power of this Demon Sword is far too vast.” The girl’s fingers traced the edge of the weapon. “Thus, you shall only be able to draw it to—”</p>
<p>“To protect you and my kingdom,” the boy finished.</p>
<p>“Yes, that’s right. And…” The girl’s expression turned rueful. “When you_____me.”</p>
<p><a id="page-2"></a>The words she spoke seemed impossible for Leonis to accept.</p>
<p>“No… No, that’s not—,” he started, but the girl simply smiled gently and pressed her index finger to the boy’s lips, silencing him.</p>
<p>“Promise me, Leonis. Promise that someday, when the time comes, you will use that sword to…”</p>
<p>The girl’s fingertips melted into the gloom. Leonis reached out into the inky black, as if to grasp the fleeting vestiges of her voice.</p>
<p>“—lia, wait! Roselia!”</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>