<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 14</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Ha, finally a hit. Looks like blood does flow through your veins after all, eh? Well then, let’s keep the show going!” Lucius chuckled smugly, then started to attack using a combination of teleportation and warping his sword blade.</p>

      <p>“Tch...” With his left arm wounded, Rio had to protect Christina and Flora while evading all of Lucius’s attacks. It would be one thing if he were alone, but it was obvious that protecting them was a burden.</p>

      <p>“Hey, hey! What’s the matter?! Huh?!”</p>

      <p>Lucius’s body and sword teleported around, rushing Rio from every possible direction. Rio had to block the 360-degree onslaught on the three of them by himself—if he tried to counterattack, Lucius would kill the other two as soon as he left their side.</p>

      <p>Having said that, he couldn’t escape through the air carrying the two of them. Being in the air would open him to attacks from below, and carrying the two of them meant even more openings.</p>

      <p>On top of that, if he fired his spirit arts carelessly he could risk having them absorbed. The conditions weren’t just bad—they were the absolute worst. The range he had to defend had tripled, after all. Plus, Lucius kept teleporting to the worst areas to attack Rio.</p>

      <p><em>This time from the ground...</em></p>

      <p>The sword blade came shooting out, aiming for Christina’s foot. Rio struck it from above to block the attack. Deflected, Lucius’s blade retreated into the darkness with a sinking noise—but as soon as it did, it flew out from a different location to aim for Flora. And the moment Rio dealt with that—</p>

      <p>“I’m over here!”</p>

      <p>Lucius teleported to slash at Christina. Rio closed in to slash back at him, but Lucius disappeared before he could do so. Instead, a sword came flying out behind Christina, aiming to pierce her back.</p>

      <p>“...” Christina and Flora were standing frozen in fear of the attacks seemingly coming from nowhere. Lucius was clearly aiming for them as the encumbrances.</p>

      <p>“Ngh...”</p>

      <p>Christina, Flora, Christina, Christina, Flora, Flora, Christina, Flora. The attacks came in an irregular but continuous pattern. Finally, Rio was unable to block an attack aimed at Christina and stepped in himself to take the attack.</p>

      <p>Christina was unable to see Rio moving at his ultra-rapid speed, but his vigorous movements caused his flowing blood to splatter against her cheek. She snapped out of her daze when she wiped her cheek to see Rio’s blood. That was the final straw for her.</p>

      <p>“...S-Sir Amakawa! It’s fine! Just leave us! You’ll be defeated at this rate! Please stop this already!” Unable to watch on any longer, Christina pleaded to Rio with an anguished look.</p>

      <p>“...” But Rio didn’t answer, and he didn’t cease his movements to cover the two of them either. Sharpening his senses, he calmly predicted where Lucius’s body and sword would warp to and moved to block them.</p>

      <p><em>Christina...</em></p>

      <p>Leaning against her sister, the poison had made it barely possible for Flora to remain conscious, but the pained call of her sister had reached her. That was enough for her chest to feel like it would burst.</p>

      <p>“Please stop, I’m begging you, please...”</p>

      <p>He was so close, yet her voice couldn’t reach him. Christina’s pained voice trailed off weakly. Her heart was truly on the verge of breaking.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile—</p>

      <p><em>Concentrate. Eliminate all waste to the limit.</em></p>

      <p>Rio hadn’t given up in the slightest. In fact, over the course of the attacks he had to deflect from every angle, he was gradually sharpening his mind until he had maximized the efficiency of his movements and memorized Lucius’s attack pattern.</p>

      <p><em>There’ll be a chance to counterattack. For now, I just have to keep evading the attacks and muster the magic essence for that chance. And for that, I have to picture it. My most powerful technique...</em></p>

      <p>The logic was simple. Spirit arts were a technique that involved using life energy of ode and natural energy of mana to alter the world to one’s will. If two spirit art casters tried to activate two different arts at the exact same position, as long as the two arts weren’t similar enough to be merged, the stronger phenomenon would overwhelm the weaker phenomenon.</p>

      <p>In other words, the one with a greater amount of influence over the phenomenon would activate in its complete form. This was affected by the nature of the art, the scale of the art, and the skill of the caster. If the strength of the two arts rivaled each other, the two arts would clash with each other when activating, but when there was a significant difference in the strength of the casters, the opponent’s art could be completely voided.</p>

      <p>Thus, if Lucius was teleporting around them by activating his space-altering phenomenon, Rio simply had to fill the area with a powerful enough art to overwhelm that. Once he did, Lucius wouldn’t be able to attack Christina and Flora anymore.</p>

      <p>However, moving through space was a phenomenon that had extremely powerful influence; it wouldn’t take just any old art to obstruct that activation. He would have to create a phenomenon at a large enough scale to fill the entire area with mana. That was why he had to imagine it—an art greater than anything he had ever activated before.</p>

      <p>He had a vision. The ability a previous opponent of his used before—or rather, the ability of that weapon. He would recreate that with spirit arts.</p>

      <p>More power, greater quality... Rio desperately kept up his defenses as he waited for the moment he could counter this hopeless situation.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>A long, long minute passed.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Flora was as pale as a sheet because of her poisoned body and high fever, but the same applied for Christina as well. She would have done anything she could to help, but she knew that making the wrong move could result in hindering Rio instead.</p>

      <p>“Hah... Hah...”</p>

      <p>During a brief pause in Lucius’s attacks, she could see the rare sight of Rio panting harshly for breath. His stamina had been exhausted by taking Lucius’s attacks and he was bleeding openly, which was something he couldn’t recover. Considering the scale of the art he was about to activate, he could only allocate the minimum amount of essence to heal himself. Meanwhile—</p>

      <p><em>Tch, he’s holding out for longer than I thought. My attacks are even starting to miss.</em></p>

      <p>Lucius was feeling impatient.</p>

      <p>Rio had the handicap of having to protect two dead weights. Lucius should have had the advantage, yet he couldn’t clinch a victory—performance-wise, he was definitely the one losing, so it was no surprise he was feeling impatient.</p>

      <p>“Let’s end this already,” Rio said after catching his breath.</p>

      <p>Fighting an intense battle injured while gathering the most essence he’d ever had in his life was a difficult task even for Rio, who had finally finished his preparations.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Are you sleep-talking now? I’m the one winning here,” Lucius snapped.</p>

      <p>“I won’t let things go your way any longer. I won’t let you take anything. Never again...” Rio glared at Lucius with a sharp look. Even though the surroundings were completely dry, Rio manifested a tremendous amount of water in an instant. The water completely surrounded him and the princesses, then swelled rapidly to try and swallow Lucius as well.</p>

      <p>“Wha...” Lucius nearly froze for a moment, but he quickly looked up and teleported to the sky.</p>

      <p><em>That bastard brought out a ton of water in an instant</em>.</p>

      <p>Lucius looked down at the scene from above. The amount of water Rio had created was great enough to swallow the entire village nearby. Yet the huge mass of water didn’t break shape at all, maintaining its elastic droplet shape.</p>

      <p><em>What the hell is going on...?</em></p>

      <p>Lucius poured essence into his sword and released a slash of darkness at the water mass. However, the strike merely bounced off the surface of the water—it was unable to open a hole. On top of that, the water that rebounded off the surface returned to the mass. It was just a waste of magic essence.</p>

      <p>“Tch... I can’t see what’s happening inside. I can’t teleport like this... What is that bastard trying to pull?” Lucius hatefully glared at the mass of water Rio had created. Meanwhile, inside the water, Rio had created a dome of air several meters in radius around him.</p>

      <p><em>Wh-What...is this...?</em></p>

      <p>Christina looked around the inside of the dome.</p>

      <p>360 degrees. No matter where she looked, it was just water, water, and more water. There was so much water, she couldn’t see outside the bubble. The water was tinged with essence and sparkled, illuminating the inside of the dome.</p>

      <p><em>Pretty...</em></p>

      <p>Christina forgot about reality for a moment—that was how wondrous the scenery was.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to counterattack by manipulating this water. You’ll be safe as long as you don’t move from here. Please just wait for me to finish this battle,” Rio said to her.</p>

      <p>“R-Right...”</p>

      <p><em>Did you create this? What exactly is happening right now?</em> Such questions filled her head, but Christina didn’t say them out loud. She didn’t feel the need to. The situation had long exceeded what she was capable of understanding.</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll be off now,” Rio said.</p>

      <p>The wall of water around them started undulating, twisting and turning to change shape, separating into a total of sixteen bubbles of water.</p>

      <p>Each one of those water bubbles changed shape further. Eight of them turned into long dragons that flew about freely in the air, while the remaining eight were fixed on the ground, taking the shape of dragon tails to protect Christina and Flora.</p>

      <p>Eight dragon heads and eight dragon tails. They all moved as though they were one gigantic being, and Christina felt a sense of déjà vu when she looked at them.</p>

      <p>“Is that Sir Hiroaki’s...Yamata no Orochi?”</p>

      <p>Indeed, it was very similar to Hiroaki’s specialty—in fact, it was on a higher level compared to that one.</p>

      <p>It was majestic enough to be its final form.</p>

      <p>Rio used wind spirit arts to fly out of the circle of tails. After he had ascended to a certain level, he looked down at Lucius from above the eight heads of the water dragons.</p>

      <p>“Ha... Hahaha! You’ve left the royal sisters completely open!” Lucius, who had been overwhelmed by the spectacle until that moment, smirked and attempted to warp his body beside Christina and Flora, but—</p>

      <p>“I can’t teleport...?!”</p>

      <p>That couldn’t be! Lucius tried to warp his sword blade inside the tails to attack Christina, but he couldn’t teleport the sword blade, either.</p>

      <p><em>What the hell is happening...?</em></p>

      <p>Lucius broke out in a nervous sweat. Rio sent one of the water dragons to fall towards him on the ground. The amount of mass-energy falling was immeasurable.</p>

      <p>“What—?!” Lucius attempted to teleport overhead in a hurry. This time the warp worked, and he instantly moved where he expected to go.</p>

      <p><em>So I</em> can <em>teleport.</em></p>

      <p>The very moment Lucius thought that, another water dragon appeared before his eyes.</p>

      <p>“Damn it!”</p>

      <p>Lucius warped to another position. The spot he moved to was also in the sky, but another dragon was waiting for him where he appeared.</p>

      <p><em>Th-That bastard! He’s completely predicting where I’ll move to!</em></p>

      <p>As though to prove that, yet another water dragon closed in on Lucius to attack.</p>

      <p>Each of the eight heads of the dragons were over ten meters long and flew freely across the entire sky, attacking Lucius immediately no matter where he warped to. They even moved to provide support for each other—nay, it was Rio who was controlling them to do so. The speed that they moved at was no laughing matter either.</p>

      <p>“Don’t mess with me!”</p>

      <p>Even though he could teleport, there was nowhere to run in the skies. Rio would release a water dragon wherever he warped, forcing him into using his short-distance teleport successively. At this rate, he’d have his hands full with just evading the attacks. Their positions were completely reversed from before.</p>

      <p><em>My new body’s increased the number of times I can teleport, but using it this many times in succession is bad. If only I had taken those two princesses on the ground as hostages... Shit!</em></p>

      <p>Lucius tried to get a grasp on the situation by making another attempt at attacking Christina and Flora from above, but he still couldn’t teleport.</p>

      <p><em>Then I’ll just have to teleport beside you, Rio!</em></p>

      <p>Figuring the caster wouldn’t manipulate an attack towards himself, Lucius tried to teleport beside Rio. However—</p>

      <p>“...I can’t teleport?! Guh!”</p>

      <p>For some reason, he couldn’t warp to Rio, either. Then, in his panic, one of Rio’s water dragons managed to strike Lucius. It was like colliding with a gigantic iron ball. Lucius’s body was blown away at an incredible speed, smashing into the ground.</p>

      <p>“N-No way...” Seeing the other water dragons closing in, he promptly attempted another warp—this time, successfully.</p>

      <p><em>Wh-What...</em></p>

      <p>His body should have been enhanced, yet it took everything in him to stay standing. Apparently, the attack just now had been especially effective, as his legs were trembling.</p>

      <p><em>I can’t teleport beside the bastard. I can’t teleport beside the royal siblings. Did he find a way to seal my abilities?!</em></p>

      <p>Lucius couldn’t reach the skies without teleporting, so approaching Rio was made exponentially more difficult by being unable to warp.</p>

      <p>“Then how about I aim for the princesses, then?!”</p>

      <p>Lucius strengthened the degree of his body enhancement and ran towards Christina and Flora within the dragon tails on unsteady legs. If he couldn’t warp, he’d just have to run—he had no intention of giving up. However, the meters-long tails undulated like whips, sweeping across the area Lucius was trying to cross. The ground was completely overturned, almost like a natural disaster had occurred.</p>

      <p>“Sh-Shit!” Lucius barely managed to evade the attack by teleporting upwards. Wary of another attack coming immediately, he tried to teleport successively to run away, but—</p>

      <p><em>...What?</em></p>

      <p>His teleportation didn’t activate, because Rio himself was rapidly descending towards Lucius.</p>

      <p>“Wha...?”</p>

      <p>The tip of a sword pierced through Lucius’s torso like a meteor, throwing him down to the ground.</p>

      <p>“...” Rio stabbed his sword into the ground, right through Lucius’s body. He looked down at Lucius’s astounded expression without letting go of his sword. The blade had definitely gone through Lucius’s heart.</p>

      <p>“Guh... Ha... Ngh... Nnngh...”</p>

      <p>Lucius coughed violently, expelling the air and blood in his lungs. That was the moment he finally realized Rio’s attack had hit him.</p>

      <p>“It’s over this time...” Rio grasped his sword hilt in both hands and twisted it. To finish him off, he completely destroyed Lucius’s heart.</p>

      <p>The light in Lucius’s eyes faded rapidly.</p>

      <p>“H-Heh... So you finished it yourself? Those water dragons must have been a decoy. Damn it... I let...my guard...down...”</p>

      <p>Eyeing Rio through his blurry vision, Lucius chuckled. Contrary to the hatred that filled his head and chest, he was grinning. The only thing barely keeping Lucius alive right now was his physical enhancement. This time, Reiss wasn’t here to save him. He would surely die this time.</p>

      <p>For some reason, that thought made laughter surge within him.</p>

      <p>“I don’t get it at all... Why would you do that for those princesses... Beltrum’s nothing to write home about. It’s been possessed by Reiss—a walking plague of a man. That kingdom won’t last long... Gahaha...hah.”</p>

      <p>Lucius squeezed out the last of his energy to speak to Rio. Blood spurted from his lips.</p>

      <p>“I’m the one who doesn’t get it...” Why did his mother have to be killed? Why did his father have to be killed? He had to spend eleven years tied up by his revenge because of that.</p>

      <p>Rio looked down at Lucius on his deathbed and strengthened his grip around his sword. The flames of revenge burned intensely within him.</p>

      <p>At the same time, he recalled his fond memories of his mother, Ayame.</p>

      <p>The happiness he had lost. The days he could never get back. The affection he’d never feel again—all of it was taken by this man.</p>

      <p>That was why Rio felt no pity as he watched Lucius on the verge of death. He wouldn’t forgive him. He would never look back. As long as he was alive, he would live only for the purpose of killing this man. That was all.</p>

      <p>Yes, that was why—</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Silently, Rio thrust his sword deeper through Lucius’s heart.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Lucius fell completely silent. His life had ended.</p>

      <p><em>He’s dead.</em></p>

      <p>Without batting an eye, Rio looked down at his face. He had killed him. With his own hands.</p>

      <p>This was the final destination of his revenge, but there was no sense of accomplishment here.</p>

      <p>He hadn’t sought revenge for a sense of accomplishment.</p>

      <p>If anything, he felt a sense of loss and a darkness that overflowed from it. But this was indeed the conclusion that Rio wished for—what he had wanted from the very beginning.</p>

      <p>He had no regrets.</p>

      <p>“...It’s over.”</p>

      <p>Rio activated his spirit arts through his blade and set Lucius’s body alight. The body instantly burst into flames, and Rio pulled his sword out of Lucius’s heart and took several steps back. The flames burned at an intensely high heat, turning Lucius into ash in a matter of moments.</p>

      <p>Eleven years since his mother was killed.</p>

      <p>Eleven years of living for revenge.</p>

      <p>It was a long time coming, but it was finally over.</p>

      <p>He hadn’t given any thought about what to do beyond this—he had lived with the intention of devoting his all to it.</p>

      <p>There was no need for a future, he had thought.</p>

      <p>But now, Rio had a place to return to. He had thought everyone would hate him if they knew the truth, but that wasn’t the case. That was why—</p>

      <p>“Time to go home.”</p>

      <p>Rio turned and started walking. There were people waiting for the return of someone like him, and he wanted to go back to them. And so, he would return.</p>

      <p>Rio glanced up at the water dragons in the sky and dispersed them into mist, then did the same for the tails on the ground. The mist created a sparkling rainbow that covered the area. Walking through that arch, he headed towards the ragged forms of Christina and Flora.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>