<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter11">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Ugh. I was just walking nearby — of course I would overhear you,” Natalie winced as she argued back.</p>

      <p>“Well, I knew you were listening anyway. It’s fine, I’m keeping my voice quiet enough that it won’t reach the knights’ ears. I’m barely changing my expression, too,” Cosette said with a shrug.</p>

      <p>“True, that wasn’t a rather scathing criticism coming from you...”</p>

      <p>“Right? In reality...” <em>...he’s an overconfident and intrusive man. Like the dimwitted son of a noble who mistook his family’s money and power for his own talent. That’s what I would have liked to have said instead,</em> Cosette thought, but didn’t actually voice out loud.</p>

      <p>“Well, that aside, I’m sure you agree with my statement even a little in order to respond with what you did, no?” Cosette grinned at Natalie.</p>

      <p>“T-That’s not true. He’s an amazing person. He picked up the minotaur’s sword earlier, after all.” Natalie answered with a squeak in her voice.</p>

      <p>“That may be true, but... was there a need for him to pick it up at that point?” Cosette cocked her head doubtfully.</p>

      <p>“...” The attendant girls had nothing to say in response.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Back in the carriage with Rio and the others, nearly an hour had passed since their departure when someone knocked on the window of the carriage.</p>

      <p>“Lady Liselotte, do you have a moment?” Aria’s voice could be heard calling for Liselotte from outside.</p>

      <p>Liselotte opened the carriage window. “What’s the matter?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Amande has come into view. We will be arriving soon,” Aria reported, giving Liselotte only the necessary amount of information.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? W-We’re already here?!</em> Liselotte’s expression froze over.</p>

      <p>“...Is something the matter, my lady?” Aria asked curiously.</p>

      <p>“N-No, it’s nothing. I was so immersed in conversation, I hadn’t realized how much time had passed,” Liselotte answered brightly, having regained her smile.</p>

      <p><em>In the end, I wasn’t able to speak to Sir Haruto at all because of the hero...</em> she thought to herself. Hiroaki had dominated the entire conversation while they were moving. No matter what she spoke about, Hiroaki would immediately latch onto the topic and bring it in his own direction.</p>

      <p>“Thanks for the report.” Liselotte said to Aria, quietly closing the window.</p>

      <p>“Are we at Amande already?” Hiroaki paused the conversation to ask Liselotte.</p>

      <p>“Yes. It should be any moment now, so please get ready.” Liselotte repeated what she was told with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha. You say that, but we don’t have any belongings.” Hiroaki laughed cheerily.</p>

      <p>Liselotte returned his laugh with a forced one of her own before she made her move in the lull of conversation. “Incidentally, Sir Haruto, do you have any plans after this? If it is to your convenience, I would love to invite you to my estate...” She turned to Rio and asked.</p>

      <p>Rio frowned apologetically. “Please accept my apologies. I know it is rude to refuse the invitation of a noble, but unfortunately I have a rather urgent appointment to get to in Amande...” he said humbly.</p>

      <p>Liselotte also frowned apologetically. “N-No, it’s my fault for inviting you out of the blue... Then, would you be free to visit my estate on another day?” she offered instead.</p>

      <p>“Yes. If you are so willing, then it would be my pleasure.”</p>

      <p>Liselotte sighed in relief. “Then, it is decided. Thank you for going along with my whims,” she said happily.</p>

      <p>“No, I should be the one thanking you for the invitation,” Rio returned with a well-mannered bow.</p>

      <p>“Will you be staying in Amande for a while, Sir Haruto?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, that is my intention.”</p>

      <p>“And have you decided on your lodgings?”</p>

      <p>“No, the plan was to decide once I had met up with my company in Amande...”</p>

      <p>“In that case, allow me to welcome you to one of the inns under the Ricca Guild’s management,” Liselotte said. While she was more than happy to have him and his company stay at her estate together, this was the more courteous offer to make after he had refused once already. Being too pushy would just make her seem more rude.</p>

      <p>“I am grateful for your offer, but...” Rio hesitated in giving a clear answer. Considering it was an invitation, the accommodation was probably owned by Liselotte, and there was a high chance of it being a rather high class stay.</p>

      <p>“It’s the least I could do to show my gratitude. Won’t you please consider accepting? It would also make it much easier for me to send a messenger too,” Liselotte explained with a wry smile. Rio could have chosen to reject this proposal too, but after a moment of thought —</p>

      <p>“...I understand. I shall take you up on your offer, then. There will be three people, including me — two of which are women who don’t mind rooming together — if you could please take that into consideration,” he said respectfully, bowing his head. Now that he had told her he was staying in Amande, he couldn’t go and set up his stone house outside Amande anymore. Considering how this removed the hassle of searching for an inn, it seemed like a favorable trade off. Most importantly, having Liselotte aware of his location would also be beneficial.</p>

      <p>“Understood. I will make preparations accordingly.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. I should be free at any time from tomorrow onward.”</p>

      <p>“I look forward to it,” Liselotte said, lowering her head respectfully.</p>

      <p>“I see you’ve been playing around, too, what with two ladies accompanying you. Nice.” Hiroaki grinned at Rio. After that, Hiroaki dominated the conversation once more, monopolizing the topics to his whim.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>