<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="interlude21">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Now, don’t say that. You and I know each other quite well, do we not?” Reiss retorted with a hollow smile.</p>

      <p>“Stop that — it’s disgusting. If you have business, say it already,” Lucius said in clear irritation. Nidoll didn’t seem to be particularly interested in their exchange, as he observed with a blank face.</p>

      <p>“I actually wanted to ask you for assistance,” Reiss said.</p>

      <p>“Let’s hear the deets,” Lucius said with a grin.</p>

      <p>“As you may have heard already, the Kingdom of Beltrum has been shaken by the incident involving Charles Arbor’s wedding ceremony. I am thinking of attacking the Ricca Guild in order to correct that balance, but I lack the military strength to do so,” Reiss said regrettably.</p>

      <p>“You’re saying your collection isn’t enough?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, the Ricca Guild’s closest confidant was stronger than expected, along with — no, on top of another rather irregular case. In terms of combat ability, even a significant number of minotaurs and revenants weren’t enough to put up a fight.”</p>

      <p>“Oh?” Lucius’ eyes widened in interest.</p>

      <p>“This irregular case has been quite the thorn in my side, which is why I wanted to ask for your cooperation. Oh, and your help won’t be needed, Nidoll. You stand out too much.” Reiss said, turning to Nidoll to state the last few sentences with emphasis.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. I am aware.” Nidoll snorted disinterestedly.</p>

      <p>“So you want me to take care of that irregular case, is that it?” Lucius asked jokingly, but Reiss bluntly shook his head.</p>

      <p>“No, I’ll have my monsters create a distraction while you’ll be in charge of conducting a kidnapping.”</p>

      <p>“Tch. What a boring role.” Lucius was clearly disappointed.</p>

      <p>“As it should be. If the kidnapping is successful, the goal of the attack will be achieved. Purposefully putting our best against a formidable opponent would be the most foolish of moves to make.” Reiss sighed in exasperation. He knew that Lucius must be aware of this himself, but he also knew that Lucius liked to prioritize his own pleasure over logic at times.</p>

      <p>“I know, I know. Well, I’ll still make sure to have fun in my own way. So who do you want me to abduct? If you’re in Amande, then it’d be that Lisse-something brat who’s been making a name for herself everywhere recently, no?” Lucius asked casually.</p>

      <p>Reiss shook his head faintly. “No. While it would be favorable to take her if the chance arises, she is only my second priority. The target is someone else.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? Weren’t you aiming for the Ricca Guild?” Lucius furrowed his brow dubiously.</p>

      <p>“Yes, attacking Amande and destroying the city would create quite the issue for the Ricca Guild, or rather the Galarc Kingdom in general,” Reiss replied in a roundabout way.</p>

      <p>“Hah. Cut the crap tell me who the target is already,” Lucius urged Reiss with annoyance.</p>

      <p>“The Second Princess of Beltrum — Princess Flora.”</p>

      <p>Reiss revealed the name of their attack target, and the plan to raid Amande quietly progressed.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>