<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="interlude2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Interlude: Celia’s Woes</h1>

      <p>Some time before Rio and Aishia infiltrated the academy...</p>

      <p>In a separate building from the guest house located on the castle grounds, Celia was having supper in the dining hall with her father, Roland Claire, and her fiance, Charles Arbor.</p>

      <p>“...It’s been a long time, Celia. I’m sorry I haven’t been able to see you very often until now, even with your wedding ceremony coming up tomorrow.” Seated across from Celia, Roland apologized to his daughter with a grimace. His gaze flickered over to Charles Arbor and the knights that were standing in the room as guards, their presence intruding on the long-awaited private moment between a father and daughter.</p>

      <p>“I understand, Father. I’m sure you were busy with your official duties... Just being able to see you like this is enough for me.” Celia smiled fondly and shook her head.</p>

      <p>“I’m sure it was unavoidable — these are busy times, after all. I haven’t been able to meet my beloved Celia much either, despite the approaching ceremony,” Charles said tiredly from beside Celia.</p>

      <p>A vein in Roland’s temple twitched. “...With the departure of the Huguenot faction from the capital, the state of the kingdom has become rather chaotic. I cannot help but worry that moving forth with the ceremony during times like these will cause you undue stress,” he said to the two of them worriedly, pasting a grin on his face.</p>

      <p>“No, no. It is precisely <em>because</em> they have fled with their tails between their legs that there is meaning in holding the ceremony right now. It is as I told you before — this marriage between the Arbor House and the Claire House will show those both inside and outside the kingdom that Beltrum’s power is flawless.”</p>

      <p>“I understand that, but... It’s my duty as a parent to worry.” Roland nodded, stifling his discomfort.</p>

      <p>“Children all grow up one day. Celia understands that well herself, so there is no need for concern,” Charles said with a huff of laughter, looking at Celia.</p>

      <p>“...Yes, I am aware,” Celia agreed obediently. With a sigh, Roland tried to seem convinced.</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>“Besides, the Huguenot faction took one of the sacred stones with them, so they should have a hero on their side, too... Which means they will definitely attempt to justify themselves with their hero. This wedding ceremony will also act as a form of control to those in the Huguenot faction. It is for that reason that we have called for the hero, Rui Shigekura, to officially bless our wedding.” Charles frowned and spoke of Duke Huguenot’s faction with hatred, but the latter half of his words were accompanied by a smug sneer.</p>

      <p>“But to hold the ceremony in such a grand way with the parade... I hope you have sufficient security measures in place, in case the Huguenot faction intervenes,” Roland said, looking at Celia with worry.</p>

      <p>“There is no need for any concern there. The newly formed Elite Knights is assigned to our security detail, after all. There are also plans to add the Royal Guard to the security detail, too, under His Majesty’s orders,” Charles boasted.</p>

      <p>“...I see... So it’ll be an impenetrable formation.”</p>

      <p>“The Sorcerer Squad and Aerial Knights will also be on guard. All of them are the elites of our kingdom; if anyone attempted to pull something after seeing our security, that would be a suicidal move. Only ignorant fools with a death wish would try it. I look forward to seeing if anyone dares.”</p>

      <p>“I see...” Roland lowered his gaze and nodded with a hanging head.</p>

      <p>Seeing Roland like that made Charles chuckle. “Well, just leave it all to me, Father-in-Law. There is no need for you to shoulder any of the burden,” he said pleasantly.</p>

      <p>“Far from shouldering anything. I haven’t been involved in any aspect of the wedding ceremony so far... I’ve been relying completely on the Arbor family — or rather, you,” Roland said with an apologetic smile.</p>

      <p>“And that’s how it should be. The house of Count Claire is already considered family by the Arbor House at this point. As long as you so rely on me, I shall look after Celia and your family.”</p>

      <p>“I am still young myself. I cannot simply rely on you for everything...”</p>

      <p>“Of course, I expect the talented Count Claire to work on various matters after the wedding, so you may rest assured there.”</p>

      <p>“I see. I will do my best.”</p>

      <p>“Of course. Everything will get busier after the wedding, after all. Although, I do have one concern... but please relax and rest yourself for now,” Charles said, speaking with a strange implication.</p>

      <p>“...A concern, you say?” Roland asked. His instincts were telling him that the future would be more troublesome if he didn’t choose to ask for more details now.</p>

      <p>“It’s the rumors that have been going around the royal court for some time now. The ones that suspect members of the Duke Fontaine faction — including you — to be secretly colluding with the Huguenot faction after their estrangement. As expected, most of them have quieted down after my engagement to Celia, but there are still some that are stubbornly hanging on out there. It’s quite troubling, indeed,” Charles said, shaking his head dramatically.</p>

      <p><em>You dare say that after setting everything up so that you could threaten this engagement into existence?</em> Roland displayed a splendid amount of control in resisting the urge to furrow his brow.</p>

      <p>“...I am truly saddened to hear that. To communicate with the rebels that discarded their duties in the royal court is on par with betraying the kingdom itself, after all. It is an unthinkable offense,” he brushed off with a strained smile. He couldn’t afford to be flustered here. Meanwhile, Celia’s face paled as she froze stiff in her seat, staring at Roland opposite to her.</p>

      <p><em>You mustn’t make a face like that, my dear Celia.</em> <em>No... It is my failure which makes you look that way.</em> <em>I am so sorry.</em> Roland met Celia’s eyes for a brief moment before he reassumed his poker face.</p>

      <p>“It is exactly as you say. Now that you are tied to the Arbor House, I had deep-seated fears that the rumors would continue to involve the Claire family... but if you’re thinking that way, then my worries were quite unnecessary. In the end, rumors are just that: rumors. You’ll be able to win over trust with your actions and attitude from here on out,” Charles said cheerfully, nodding in an exaggerated manner.</p>

      <p>“That would be most fortunate if so...” Roland agreed with Charles carefully, unsure of his intentions.</p>

      <p>“It’s simple. From now on, you will maintain your relationship with the nobles of your faction that you have associated with until now, while drawing an appropriate line of distance. On top of that, you’ll have to watch them carefully for any hidden agendas,” Charles stated as though it was a predetermined matter. In other words, he wanted a spy that moved under the orders of the Arbor House.</p>

      <p><em>A predictable demand indeed,</em> Roland thought to himself.</p>

      <p>“...It is a duty far above what I deserve, but I understand. I shall do my best,” Roland said, nodding deeply.</p>

      <p>“I will have high expectations of you. If you produce the right results, Father and I will be more than happy to grant you more opportunities to prove yourself. For someone as intelligent as you, I don’t even need to tell you that you’ll have to accomplish something to win over those around you, am I correct?” Charles asked, narrowing his eyes.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I will take care in the way I present myself.”</p>

      <p><em>So I won’t be suspected of acting as a double agent,</em> Roland added in his heart.</p>

      <p>“Excellent. In that case, the house of Count Claire will continue living in peace, along with the future of my bride, the greatest genius sorcerer our kingdom has ever seen,” Charles said dramatically, directing a smile at Celia.</p>

      <p>“...Please do look after our family, Sir Charles. My father and I will devote ourselves to your vision.” Celia put on the biggest smile she could as she bowed her head at Charles.</p>

      <p>“I as well. Your results as my wife will reflect upon me in the future, too.”</p>

      <p>“I understand.”</p>

      <p>Charles nodded in satisfaction. “A good reply. I look forward to our lives together... Oh, yes. Speaking of that. I have yet to give you the opportunity to meet with my wives properly yet, have I?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, though there are some I have met in my own time...”</p>

      <p>“You’ve been shut away in here ever since our engagement was decided, I suppose. Ah, well. I shall set up some time for you to speak with them before the ceremony tomorrow. You’ll be living together with them from now on, so do get along with them. My wives also wish to know you better.”</p>

      <p>“I understand. I shall look forward to it,” Celia replied with a smile plastered on her face.</p>

      <p>The uncomfortable conversation between the three of them continued for some time after that.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>