<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Hello everyone. Thank you for everything, as always. This is Yuri Kitayama. Thank you for picking up <em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 10 — Forget-Me-Not of Rebirth</em>.</p>

      <p>Since Volume 1 went on sale in October of 2015, this series has finally achieved the ten volume mark. The story also reached a turning point at the same time, and in this volume I crossed one of the multiple story mountains I had planned from when I first started writing. This was one of the stages I wanted to write up to when the novelization was decided, so it’s an emotional moment for me.</p>

      <p>However, Seirei Gensouki hasn’t ended as of this volume. The next goal is Volume 20! How far I can release will also depend on the sales of the series, so I would be most grateful to everyone for sticking through with the story until its completion.</p>

      <p>And now, to change the topic abruptly: I will be releasing a new light novel through Kadokawa’s MF Bunko J called “Miryou Sukiru de Ikinari Sekai Saikyou” on March 24th, one week before this volume goes on sale.</p>

      <p>This will be my second work and first time writing in first person, and it will have a lighter tone than the dramatic style of Seirei Gensouki, but I hope you will find it an interesting read of right versus wrong in a fantasy world battle summoning story.</p>

      <p>With that aside, as the two release dates are close, HJ Bunko and MF Bunko J have worked together to make a collaborative release of Seirei Gensouki Volume 10 and Miryou Sukiru Volume 1 come to fruition.</p>

      <p>The specifics involve purchasing both volumes to receive a bonus collaborative short story of roughly 20,000 characters, so please check out Miryou Sukiru (the bonus will not be available forever, so apologies in advance).</p>

      <p>The collaborative short story features the strongest characters in Seirei Gensouki—Rio and Aishia— traveling through the Wilderness when they wander into the world of Miryou Sukiru and get involved in the story there. For the enjoyment of the readers, I’ve included quite a number of factors that relate to the main story of Seirei Gensouki too, so I believe it will stir up quite a number of theories.</p>

      <p>Now, I must wrap up here, so... Hopefully we’ll meet again for Volume 11!<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="signature">Yuri Kitayama</p>

      <p class="signature">March 2018</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>