<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: After the Audience</h1>

      <p>In the audience hall of the Galarc Kingdom...</p>

      <p>“Haruto Amakawa. If I could please introduce myself as that from here on...” Rio said resolutely to King Francois, in the presence of all the important figures from foreign kingdoms that were present.</p>

      <p>“Amakawa...”</p>

      <p>“Is it a word from another kingdom?”</p>

      <p>“I am not familiar with it...”</p>

      <p>“Neither am I.”</p>

      <p>“What kind of meaning does it hold?”</p>

      <p>The unfamiliar family name didn’t quite register with them, as whispers spread through the hall. At the same time, there were people with notable reactions present: Satsuki and the other three heroes who were summoned from Japan.</p>

      <p>“Haruto Amakawa... Amakawa... Haruto?” Rui muttered under his breath. When he flipped the order of the first name and last name around, it sounded like a Japanese name...</p>

      <p>“Hey, isn’t that a Japanese name? He said he was born and raised in this world, though. What’s going on?” Hiroaki furrowed his brows in suspicion.</p>

      <p>“Just who is he...” Takahisa looked at Rio in confusion before immediately looking at Miharu, who had lived together with Rio up until now.</p>

      <p>“...” Miharu continued watching Rio with bated breath. Satsuki stood right beside her. “Amakawa Haruto. That’s his Japanese name, then? It sounds kind of familiar, though...” she muttered quietly so that no one could hear, cocking her head with an unsettled look as she mulled over the name.</p>

      <p>It was only natural that she would find the name familiar. Haruto and Satsuki had met once before, on the day of their high school’s entrance ceremony.</p>

      <p>Having experienced thirteen years worth of time since then, Amakawa Haruto— No, Rio had completely forgotten Satsuki’s name, but for Satsuki, the event had occurred a few months ago.</p>

      <p>On the day of the entrance ceremony, it had been Satsuki’s duty as a student council member to oversee the new students. But the number of students she actually spoke to long enough to catch their names was few enough to linger in her memory. “Amakawa is an unfamiliar word to me. Would you explain why you chose this family name and what meaning it has?” King Francois asked Rio.</p>

      <p>“It is a word used in the homeland of my departed parents, or so my mother told me when I was young. I do not know the meaning behind the word, but it is like a memento to me, which is why I thought to make it my family name,” Rio replied smoothly.</p>

      <p>Out of those present in the audience hall, the only ones who knew that Rio had a past life were Miharu and Satsuki, as well as Liselotte, who was informed in order for them to attend the banquet. Her eyes widened slightly when Rio suddenly said the name “Haruto Amakawa” out loud, but she watched the situation carefully with her attention on the man in question.</p>

      <p>The other heroes had contemplative looks on their faces, but they didn’t seem to find it fishy. The royalty and nobility attending didn’t have any particular doubts either.</p>

      <p>“I see, a memento of your parents... Very well. I, Francois, give it my approval. There will be no overturning this rule later. Do you have any objections?”</p>

      <p>“Of course not. It would be my greatest delight.” Rio lowered his head respectfully.</p>

      <p>“Then, henceforth, you are the Black Knight, Haruto Amakawa. We were interrupted by scoundrels last night, but thanks to Haruto and Shigekura’s efforts, not a single life was lost. Security has been increased and the third night of the banquet will commence. I shall formally announce the appointment of our new honorary knight there. Look forward to it, everyone,” Francois said with a broad smile.</p>

      <p>“Yes, Your Majesty...” Rio nodded as celebratory applause rang through the room at the birth of a new honorary knight. Though there were some people among them, including the heroes, who had different expressions on their faces.</p>

      <p>“With this, the audience is dismissed. You may leave.” Francois stood. His next schedule must have been approaching, as he walked off quickly. Meanwhile, the royalty and nobility present stirred as they hesitated to approach Rio.</p>

      <p>“Haruto.” Satsuki came up to Rio first, Miharu in tow by the hand.</p>

      <p>“Perfect timing. There was something I wanted to talk to you two about.” Rio replied to them with a soft but heavy expression.</p>

      <p>“That’s fine, but...” Satsuki nodded, eyeing Miharu. Miharu was staring at Rio’s face.</p>

      <p>“I’ll tell you everything. Including everything I have kept from Miharu until now.” Even after announcing the name Haruto Amakawa, Rio interacted with Miharu as the person she knew now. However, there was the possibility this was due to the people around them watching them.</p>

      <p>“...Okay,” Miharu nodded slowly. That was when Miharu and Satsuki’s friend, Takahisa, came running over. Right behind him was the Centostella Kingdom’s First Princess, Lilianna.</p>

      <p>“Miharu, Satsuki.”</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Takahisa. We have something to discuss with Haruto,” Satsuki said to Takahisa apologetically.</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll come, too!” Takahisa invited himself in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“Sorry. It’s something important,” Miharu said clearly, so that Takahisa would back down.</p>

      <p>“...O-Okay.” Miharu’s rejection must have been unexpected for Takahisa, as he lost his spirit and nodded. It was as if he had been told, “I don’t have time to deal with you right now, Takahisa.”</p>

      <p>“I’m really sorry. We’ll try to finish up as quickly as possible and make time to talk to you too. Let’s go, Haruto, Miharu.” Satsuki urged them into moving before anyone else stopped them to talk, and the three of them departed.</p>

      <p>“Uh...” Takahisa clenched his fist. He watched Rio leave sandwiched between Miharu and Satsuki as everyone else around them looked on. If they were back in Japan, he would have been the one in Rio’s place...</p>

      <p>There was another hero who was watching Rio depart too—it was Shigekura Rui of the Beltrum Kingdom. Beside him stood the first princess, Christina Beltrum. “Are you sure, hero? It seemed like you had something to say,” Christina asked him.</p>

      <p>“There was just something I wanted to ask. I’ll talk to him next time I see him. They seemed to be rather busy,” Rui answered with a shrug.</p>

      <p>“Hmph, I can’t even tell who the star of this banquet is anymore,” Restoration’s hero, Sakata Hiroaki, snorted with distaste as he watched how Rio was flanked by Satsuki and Miharu. Next to Hiroaki stood the Beltrum Kingdom’s Second Princess Flora and Roanna of Duke Fontaine’s house.</p>

      <p>Flora was watching Rio’s back with a frustrated look. Her older sister, Christina, secretly watched her.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>After Rio and the girls left the hall, they headed for Satsuki’s quarters.</p>

      <p>“...Hey, is ‘Amakawa’ your family name from your past life?” Satsuki questioned Rio on the way there with an inquisitive look.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I was a university student named Amakawa Haruto. Miharu, do you remember a person named Amakawa Haruto?”</p>

      <p>“...Yeah.” Instead of replying loud and clear, Miharu nodded. Rio’s eyes widened faintly at that, which Satsuki seemed to notice as she looked at them questioningly.</p>

      <p>“What do you mean...? Did you two know each other before?” she asked, tilting her head.</p>

      <p>“...I’ll tell you after we arrive. It would be troublesome if anyone overheard and there are a couple of shocking truths involved, so you should prepare yourselves as we walk.” Rio thought for a moment, but prioritized relocating first.</p>

      <p>“Prepare ourselves for what...” Satsuki tried to exchange looks with Miharu, but Miharu’s nervous gaze was fixed on Rio’s back as he walked in front of them. Sensing the strange air hanging between the two of them, Satsuki tactfully decided to keep quiet until they reached her quarters.</p>

      <p>Thus, after they relocated, the three of them sat down in the living room with Rio facing Miharu and Satsuki.</p>

      <p>“Here we are. I’ve prepared myself as much as I can, so explain just what is going on here. Why does Miharu know your past life? This is the first I’m hearing of such a thing,” Satsuki began immediately, pressing Rio for details.</p>

      <p>“Of course it would be. I’ve yet to tell her that I was Amakawa Haruto in my past life myself,” Rio answered, looking at Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Wait, really? But Miharu didn’t seem that shocked, though she was shaken... If anything, she looked nervous instead?” Satsuki directed her gaze at Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Ah, umm... I’m shocked, of course,” Miharu said, flinching back.</p>

      <p>“But like, you knew each other, right? If someone you knew died without you knowing and lived together with you in their reincarnated form... Wouldn’t you be more surprised? It’s like you already knew, or at least suspected as much...” Satsuki stared at Miharu, her gaze sharp.</p>

      <p>“T-That’s why I said I’m shocked. I’m shocked, but his name is the same as Haru-kun’s, so I had made the association before...” Miharu answered falteringly, her eyes never leaving Rio.</p>

      <p>“Haru-kun?” asked Satsuki. It was a rather intimate nickname for another person.</p>

      <p>“Ah, umm, it’s how I called him in the past...” Miharu felt highly aware of Rio as she explained herself to Satsuki. Satsuki hummed in response and looked at Rio, who was awkwardly avoiding meeting either of their gazes.</p>

      <p>“...This is a pretty basic question, but what kind of relationship did Amakawa Haruto have with you? It seems like the two of you used to be fairly close, from what I can tell,” Satsuki asked, watching the two of them questioningly.</p>

      <p>Rio took a deep breath before speaking up. “Miharu and I were childhood friends. On top of that, Aki and I were siblings who lived together with her up until our parents divorced and I moved away. Miharu and I were seven years old.”</p>

      <p>“Miharu’s childhood friend... and Aki’s brother?! Huh? But... Huh? Wait, why?! And how could you both be seven years old? Aren’t you older than Miharu?” Satsuki asked, extremely confused.</p>

      <p>“That’s why I told you I had some shocking things to say, so I hope you prepared yourself on the way here. Miharu and my past self were indeed the same age.” Rio smiled bitterly at the reaction he had seen coming.</p>

      <p>“Is that true, Miharu?” Satsuki gulped.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Haru-kun was my childhood friend and Aki’s older brother. We were the same age.” Miharu nodded slowly, watching Rio.</p>

      <p>“Everything seems so confusing... But isn’t there something wrong with the timelines there?” Satsuki wanted to clutch her head and groan.</p>

      <p>“There is something strange, yes. But my past self definitely died in university, and I regained Amakawa Haruto’s memories in this world when I was seven years old. In other words, Amakawa Haruto died in Japan four years after Miharu and you wandered into this world, but the current me in this world regained Amakawa Haruto’s memories nine years ago.”</p>

      <p>“...Which means you’ve lived roughly thirteen years longer than we have, doesn’t it? We only arrived in this world a few months ago,” Satsuki said, breaking down Rio’s words to understand them.</p>

      <p>“I wouldn’t exactly say that I’ve lived thirteen more years, to be precise. The current me simply shares Amakawa Haruto’s memories and personality. There shouldn’t be a strict continuity or identity shared between the two.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“The current me doesn’t use Amakawa Haruto as a foundation for my being. I am simply Rio, as I was born and raised as such up until the age of seven,” Rio declared.</p>

      <p>“Rio...?”</p>

      <p>“It’s my name in this world. I’ve had to move under the name of Haruto due to certain circumstances, but my real name is Rio,” Rio informed Satsuki.</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>“Yes. That is why I generally do not tell anyone my real name, so please call me Haruto.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. But what did you mean by there being no strict identity...?” Satsuki asked, watching Rio’s face.</p>

      <p>“It’s as I explained just now. This body purely belongs to Rio, and not Amakawa Haruto. It’s not as if Amakawa Haruto’s mind overwrote the person that Rio used to be. It’s more like the remnants of Amakawa Haruto’s memories and personality blended into that of the person called Rio. You wouldn’t call that being the same person as Amakawa Haruto, right?”</p>

      <p>“That... might be true... But are you okay like that?”</p>

      <p>“I can no longer become Amakawa Haruto. And there’s no definitive proof that the memories and personality of Amakawa Haruto within me are truly what they seem,” Rio said, scoffing at himself somewhat dejectedly. Seeing that expression on Rio’s face made Miharu bite her lip with a sorrowful expression.</p>

      <p>“True, there’s only a subjective connection, which makes things rather vague, but...” Satsuki said with a pout on her lips, not quite accepting those words.</p>

      <p>“Let’s not discuss that part any further, as it is all theoretical in the end,” Rio said, bringing them back to the topic at hand before it derailed. “What I really wanted to tell you was the reason why I stayed silent about my past life until now: to put it broadly, it’s because I didn’t want Miharu and the others to be even more disoriented after they’d just arrived in this world.”</p>

      <p>“...Well, I can agree that it would be even more confusing to be told such a thing immediately after being summoned here out of the blue,” Satsuki agreed with a sigh, having experienced it first-hand.</p>

      <p>“On top of that, there’s more information I haven’t mentioned,” Rio said with an exceedingly serious expression. Satsuki stiffened.</p>

      <p>“...What is it?”</p>

      <p>“Roughly four and half years after you were all transported to this world, Amakawa Haruto died at the age of twenty-one—and at no point during that time had Miharu returned to Earth.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...?” Satsuki blinked blankly, her eyes round as she stared at him. Meanwhile, Miharu frowned in frustration, having received that information from Aishia already.</p>

      <p>“My past self, Amakawa Haruto, used his high school entrance as a chance to move back to the town he grew up in. In order to attend the same high school as you two. That’s why I saw the commotion that occurred when you all disappeared on the day of the entrance ceremony first-hand,” Rio explained calmly.</p>

      <p>“B-But how would you know? That we hadn’t returned to Japan yet,” Satsuki asked, growing slightly more panicked.</p>

      <p>“In the three years until my graduation, Miharu never returned to school. After I graduated high school and became an adult, I went back to visit my mother just once. That was when I asked if Miharu was still missing.”</p>

      <p>“S-So... ah...” Satsuki tried to ask something, opening and closing her mouth. Once she calmed herself down enough, she forced her question out. “So in other words, we won’t be able to return to Earth for over four years—or possibly longer?”</p>

      <p>“That’s right. However, when I asked my mother about Aki, I recall her saying she was doing well... I imagine either my mother lied to keep me from worrying or Aki managed to return alone somehow, but there is no way for me to confirm the truth now,” Rio said, recalling the faint memory of his conversation with his mother.</p>

      <p>If Aki had truly managed to return, then Amakawa Haruto’s mother would have known that Aki had wandered to another world. In which case, she would have known that Miharu had also gone to that other world and informed Haruto.</p>

      <p>However, it was such a preposterous story, there was the possibility that his mother didn’t believe Aki after her return and simply stayed silent.</p>

      <p>“...” A contemplative silence fell over Satsuki and Miharu.</p>

      <p>“At any rate, that was why I couldn’t reveal my past life to Miharu and the others. There are other reasons as well, but it didn’t feel right to say something so depressing while they were still separated from you and Takahisa. So I was going to wait until some time had passed, or you had all reunited...” It was nothing more than a superficial reason. That was why Rio looked a little guilty.</p>

      <p>“If you had told Miharu about your past life, you would have inevitably been telling us that we couldn’t go home. I had the faint suspicion that we wouldn’t be able to return before high school graduation, but hearing it for real certainly is hard to hear...” Satsuki had a bittersweet smile on her face.</p>

      <p>“I think that’s understandable. Miharu seems to be comparatively unshaken by all this, but there’s no saying the same would apply for Aki or Masato.” Rio said, looking at Miharu, who had continuously held her silence until now.</p>

      <p>“Ah, no... umm. Especially in Aki’s case, I think she would have become more unstable if you had told her this,” Miharu said in a high-pitched voice.</p>

      <p>Rio averted his eyes from Miharu and addressed the both of them. “...I apologize if it seemed like I was keeping you in the dark, but this is everything I’ve been concealing until now. All that’s left is to decide how much of this should be passed on to Aki, Masato, and Takahisa, but I’d like to leave that decision to you two, as you both understand the situation the best.”</p>

      <p>“You say that, but... it’s something they need to hear too. We have to tell Aki and Masato that Takahisa has been found, too, and inform Takahisa that the two of them are safe as well... I suppose we’ll have to figure out the timing for that, maybe arrange some kind of meeting,” Satsuki pondered worriedly.</p>

      <p>“From what I heard at the banquet yesterday, Princess Lilianna is constantly by Takahisa’s side. They share the same quarters, so it may be difficult to bring Takahisa to the stone house without her noticing.” Miharu frowned.</p>

      <p>“The attack happened just last night, so the security around the castle is heightened,” Rio said. It would be a challenge to bring Takahisa out of his quarters under the watchful eye of Lilianna. The castle had guest rooms that were windowless in the name of security, so if they were in a room like that, they’d have to use the door. Even if they were to scout the area first, it would be a high risk with the increase in guards.</p>

      <p>“...Which means the safest option might be to bring Aki and Masato to the castle before Takahisa returns to the Centostella Kingdom.” Satsuki thought for a moment, then presented a realistic approach. “But even if we eventually explain things to the king and Princess Lilianna, we need to confirm what Takahisa thinks.”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Though, in order to do that, we’ll need to make an opportunity for you two to meet Takahisa without Princess Lilianna around.”</p>

      <p>“The only one who’s in a position to do that would be me, the hero, huh?” Asking a foreign princess to dismiss themselves would only be permitted by someone with the rank of a king or equivalent—like a hero. Even as an honorary knight, Rio couldn’t do such a thing.</p>

      <p>“Yes. We’ll need to rely on you for that, Satsuki. I’m not sure how long Takahisa will stay in this kingdom after the banquet, so preferably as soon as possible.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. Leave it to me,” Satsuki nodded.</p>

      <p>“In that case, we also need to know what kind of person Princess Lilianna is and what kind of relationship she has with Takahisa, if we’re going to tell Takahisa what he needs to know,” said Rio. If they knew what kind of person Lilianna was, they should be able to understand the character of her kingdom, to an extent.</p>

      <p>“Out of us three, Miharu interacted with them the most at the banquet last night. What did you think?” Satsuki asked Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Umm, like Takahisa said, she’s a good person. She was a kind person with a soft demeanor. It seemed like Takahisa trusted her a fair amount.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Well, there’s the possibility it’s an act to win over the hero, but that’s probably me being too paranoid.” Satsuki hummed at Miharu’s explanation.</p>

      <p>“I don’t think it hurts to be as cautious as possible,” Rio chuckled at Satsuki.</p>

      <p>“Yup. I’d like a bit more time to think. Everything was so sudden, I still haven’t processed it all... Still, I never imagined Haruto would be my underclassman in his past life!” Satsuki tried to perk up, shifting the topic to Rio.</p>

      <p>“We may have even passed each other at the entrance ceremony,” Rio replied with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, maybe. I was in charge of directing lost students in front of the notice board with the class rosters... Wait, maybe we actually met for real...? Haruto, Amakawa Haruto...” As Satsuki talked to Rio, a lost memory of the entrance ceremony resurfaced in her mind, making her gasp. She racked her brains to dig that memory out.</p>

      <p>“Really?” Rio’s eyes widened. Even the quiet Miharu blinked her eyes wide open.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Weren’t you the boy that stood in front of the notice boards for a long time? I remember finding that odd and talking to you, and you had a name like that... I think. Do you remember?” Satsuki peered at Rio’s face, not too confident in her own memory.</p>

      <p>“...I think there may have been an older student that came up to me while I was looking at the class lists? But I’m surprised you can remember.” Rio’s memory of it was rather vague.</p>

      <p>“It was my last day on Earth, you know? Of course I’d remember. Well, it seems like you’ve completely forgotten it, though.” Satsuki looked at Rio scornfully.</p>

      <p>“Don’t ask for the impossible. It’s only one of the many things that happened to me before my death,” Rio said. After all, it had only happened to Satsuki a few months ago.</p>

      <p>“I suppose that’s true. But even if you were my underclassman on Earth, you’re mentally older than me now. Should I think of you as an adult man?” Satsuki asked, having assumed that he was a boy of similar age to her until now.</p>

      <p>Rio shook his head in discomfort at the thought of Satsuki treating him differently. “You can just continue as you have been. Like I said before, if I’m not particularly focusing on anything, then my awareness as Rio is stronger. That’s why I have a stronger sense of my physical age. Perhaps I’m being influenced by the feeling of my physical body.”</p>

      <p>“...Okay. Then let’s continue to get along as we have been, Haruto.”</p>

      <p>“Right.”</p>

      <p>“So, it’s been all me talking until now...” Satsuki said, glancing at Miharu sitting beside her. Miharu had been staring silently at Rio’s face for a while now.</p>

      <p>“Did you have anything you wanted to talk to Haruto about?” Satsuki asked. Despite having a boy with her childhood friend’s memories before her, Miharu was oddly silent about it all.</p>

      <p>“Ah, umm... I do, but I don’t know where to begin.” Miharu seemed nervous as she stumbled over her words.</p>

      <p>“There were things I wanted to discuss with Miharu alone, actually. I’d love to include you in further discussions later, after we’re done. Could I ask that you take some time to think over the things we’ve discussed so far?” Rio spoke up first.</p>

      <p>“...Sure. All right—I’ll be in my bedroom, then.” Satsuki looked between Rio and Miharu’s faces, then stood up quietly. She was a little curious about what they were going to discuss, but she considerately headed to her bedroom to leave them to it. Once her door clicked shut, Rio opened his mouth.</p>

      <p>“Miharu.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes,” Miharu squeaked in reply.</p>

      <p>“Did you think I was Amakawa Haruto for some time now?” Rio stared directly at Miharu as he asked.</p>

      <p>“Rather than thinking you were, I was more wondering if you could be, since... Well, you had the same name and gave off a similar feeling, so as we lived together I started... remembering Haru-kun...”</p>

      <p>“Was that all...?” Rio’s eyes widened at Miharu’s words.</p>

      <p>“Actually, back at the spirit folk village, Sara and the others mentioned something... About when Haru-kun and Latifa first wandered into the village. That when you were unconscious in the jail, you muttered Mii-chan...” Miharu seemed to find her resolution, calling Rio “Haru-kun” right to his face.</p>

      <p>“...I did?” He had no idea that had happened—he had been unconscious, after all. Rio frowned.</p>

      <p>“After that, I started wondering if you really were Haru-kun after all,” Miharu said, squeezing her right hand into a fist over her chest.</p>

      <p>“But, thinking about it realistically, wouldn’t you find it impossible to believe? I told you I died as a university student in my past life, right? Although I suppose that wouldn’t have mattered if you suspected I was lying.”</p>

      <p>“I never thought you were lying! It’s true that I thought the story was inconsistent... But even then, when you returned to the village, I started to get the strong feeling that you might be Haru-kun...”</p>

      <p>“...So that’s why you were acting strange when I returned to the village. And when I brought you to Liselotte’s mansion in Amande for the first time too.” Rio had a somewhat pained face, but understood. However, he also had a strange feeling about it—he could accept that there was a reason for her awareness, but even then, Miharu had accepted the truth too readily. It was almost as though she had received a hint from someone.</p>

      <p>On top of that, Miharu hadn’t seemed particularly surprised at anything Rio had revealed until now. In other words, she had been almost certain that he was Amakawa Haruto.</p>

      <p><em>If she was practically certain of her suspicions, why didn’t she ask me before I told her the truth? Was there a reason for her silence, just like there was a reason for mine?</em> With such questions in mind, Rio looked back on the events that had occurred with Miharu up until this banquet.</p>

      <p><em>Now that I think about it, the day after I brought Miharu to Liselotte’s estate to arrange attendance to the banquet, she started acting differently again...</em> Rio analyzed in his head as he stared at Miharu.</p>

      <p>“W-What is it, Haru-kun?” Miharu asked timidly, feeling as though Rio could see right through her.</p>

      <p>“...Miharu,” Rio sighed.</p>

      <p>“...Yes?” she asked, looking at him worriedly.</p>

      <p>“Can you please stop calling me Haru-kun?” Rio said with a troubled expression.</p>

      <p>“...Why?” Miharu frowned quite sadly.</p>

      <p>“As I’ve explained already, Amakawa Haruto is dead. The current me is not your childhood friend. I am a different person who merely possesses his memories. So you don’t need to force yourself into interacting with me as though I am Amakawa Haruto.” Rio feigned composure as he forced out words that were extremely difficult to say.</p>

      <p>“There’s no way I can think of you as a different person!” Miharu immediately—and unexpectedly—raised her voice, for once.</p>

      <p>“...” Rio was overwhelmed into silence.</p>

      <p>“If the person in front of me right now isn’t Haru-kun, then where did the Haru-kun I know go?”</p>

      <p>“He no longer exists. At the very least, not on Earth. The remnants of his memories and personality have simply blended into the person before you right now. But my body is that of Rio, and not of Amakawa Haruto.” There was only the subjective connection of memories and personality, but nothing objectively connected at all.</p>

      <p>“...Then I believe Haru-kun is still here. Right now, inside of you,” Miharu stared at Rio’s face and declared.</p>

      <p>“I’d like to confirm something. Do you see me as your childhood friend right now? Am I, the person named Rio, who interacted with you under the name of Haruto, present at all?”</p>

      <p>“That’s...” She wasn’t able to answer immediately. Indeed, Miharu was currently trying to see Rio as her childhood friend. She sought Amakawa Haruto from Rio himself. “I didn’t mean to make light of you, Haruto. But having lived with you until now, there were several occasions where I recalled the days when I was with Haru-kun. I simply can’t believe that Haru-kun isn’t within you. That’s all,” Miharu continued.</p>

      <p>“I believe that’s because you don’t know the side of me that’s Rio.” If she knew, she’d be terrified. She’d have to accept that Rio and Amakawa Haruto were different people. That’s why he had hidden it until now. He couldn’t make up his mind. Rio reflected on himself and smiled regretfully.</p>

      <p>“So... So please tell me, then. About who Haruto— No, who Rio is. Don’t make the decision for me. I want to be with you from here on out as well. That’s what I said to you, right? My feelings haven’t changed.”</p>

      <p>“...Why do you want to be with me?”</p>

      <p>“After growing up with Haru-kun until the age of seven, when Rio and Haru-kun started to overlap with each other in this world it made me realize just how precious Haru-kun was to me. Those feelings of mine only grew stronger. Someone so precious to me died, but now that person is back before me in another form. Living together with me and everything. It’s like I was given another chance. That’s why I want to stay with you.”</p>

      <p>“...I’m happy to hear you say that. But if you hadn’t felt Amakawa Haruto’s presence within me, would you still have wanted to stay with me?”</p>

      <p>“Asking in that way is unfair. It’s true that my reason for wanting to be with you might be heavily influenced by how I think of you as my childhood friend, Haru-kun, but...” Miharu said with a frown.</p>

      <p>“Sorry. Miharu... Mii-chan was someone precious to Amakawa Haruto as well. That didn’t change even after he grew up. It may sound foolish, but he chose to move back to that town alone, just for a chance to see you again at that high school. Well, there was no way of knowing you’d attend that high school for sure, but...” Rio explained, speaking about the feelings of Amakawa Haruto within him truthfully.</p>

      <p>“Ah...” Hearing the name Mii-chan brought back so many memories, Miharu couldn’t help but tear up. But, as Rio continued to speak, her face gradually twisted with sadness instead.</p>

      <p>“That’s why it’s important that you know that Amakawa Haruto is dead. If you want to be with me in order to be with him, then it may be better to rethink that.”</p>

      <p>“...Why?”</p>

      <p>“Because I cannot interact with you as Amakawa Haruto. Even if aspects of him remain, he’s a different person. The person who played with you every day until the age of seven—the person who made that promise with you when you separated—no longer exists. You’ll realize that if you stay with me, and you may come to regret it.” By surviving in this cold-hearted world, by becoming a prisoner of the shackles of revenge, Amakawa Haruto’s values within Rio had weakened significantly.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t meant to be like this. Amakawa Haruto had changed. No, Miharu would eventually become disillusioned, realizing that Amakawa Haruto had truly died.</p>

      <p>That’s why they were better off apart to begin with, Rio thought.</p>

      <p>“...Even then, my feelings won’t change,” Miharu stated firmly, biting her lip.</p>

      <p>“Even if the impression you have of me is far from what I am in reality?” Rio said in a self-mocking tone.</p>

      <p>“Just now, I could feel traces of Haru-kun.” Miharu didn’t back down.</p>

      <p>“And yet, before I regained my memories, I would do anything criminals asked of me just to survive another day. That’s the kind of person I am. Can you still say the same then? Is that the Amakawa Haruto you once knew?” Rio’s gaze was icy as he spoke.</p>

      <p>“T-That’s before you regained your memories, so...”</p>

      <p>“Whether I did them before or after my memories don’t change the fact that they’re still things I did. It’s not as though I conveniently became another person and erased my sins.”</p>

      <p>“Uh...” Miharu held her tongue.</p>

      <p>“That’s what it means. Even after regaining my memories, I didn’t live in a way anyone could be proud of. I’ve beaten someone up out of anger, to the point they lost consciousness. I’ve killed people in retaliation for being attacked. I’m trying to kill a man out of vengeance for my mother.” Rio indifferently listed his actions that fell out of line with the morals of an ordinary Japanese person.</p>

      <p>“Ah... uh...” Miharu tried to say something, but was ultimately rendered speechless.</p>

      <p>“Of course, it’s your decision, Miharu. If you wish to continue living in the stone house, I won’t stop you. But you should think about it very carefully. The person I want dead knows what I’m trying to do. If you stay with me, you might be dragged into it, too. I want to avoid that. And, as far as Aki and Masato are concerned... both of them adore you so much—especially Aki. Anyone can see that. There’s Takahisa, too. Rather than staying with me, wouldn’t you be happier if you stayed with everyone you know from Earth?” Rio asked, bringing up the others in order to try and dissuade Miharu.</p>

      <p>“You can’t just decide my fate like that... But it is true that Aki and the others aren’t unrelated to this.” Miharu frowned in frustration.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>