<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: Banquet Day 3</h1>

      <p>That night, Rio once again donned his formalwear to attend the third night of the banquet. Since introductions had been completed in the first two days, there were no dragged-out introductions of each kingdom’s royalty and nobility, allowing the opening ceremony to wrap up quickly.</p>

      <p>From the upper level of the hall, Francois looked down at the attendees on the floor of the venue. The event began with a formal greeting. “Everyone, thank you for gathering. While the disturbance last night was tremendously unfortunate, the mastermind has yet to be identified due to the apprehended assailants all committing suicide. Fortunately, there were no casualties amongst the attendees, allowing us to safely proceed with the final night of this banquet. For that, we are most blessed.</p>

      <p>“Tonight, I shall be introducing the two valiant figures who contributed brilliantly to that. One used the bow divine arms skillfully to take out two assailants in the blink of an eye: Rui Shigekura. The other is Haruto, who defeated six attackers in an instant. Both of you, step forth,” Francois said, inviting Rio and Rui forward. Once the two of them stood side by side, the attendees in the hall waited for Francois’ next words.</p>

      <p>“Both Rui and Haruto are quite modest, you see. Rui insists the star of last night’s roundup was purely Haruto, and accepted a meager medal for his reward. Haruto declined to receive any reward at all, despite being the final stronghold who repelled six of the attackers. He refused me so bluntly, even I was taken by surprise.” Francois chuckled at that, causing the venue to snicker along with him.</p>

      <p>“However, we eventually settled on something. Considering his great contributions to the defense of our kingdom’s key city, Amande, as well as the rescue of the Restoration’s Princess Flora and our own kingdom’s Liselotte Cretia, I have awarded Haruto with the title of an honorary knight.”</p>

      <p>The hall buzzed immediately. Among them were people who had attended the audience where Rio was appointed as an honorary knight, those who had heard of the rumors quickly, and those who were unaware—but it was still shocking news to all of them. They couldn’t help but talk about it amongst themselves.</p>

      <p>“Silence! Silence, please!” The voice of the male knight leading the ceremony echoed through the hall, promptly silencing the chatter.</p>

      <p>“Allow me to introduce him once again. The man who has been appointed an honorary knight of our kingdom as of today, the Black Knight: Haruto Amakawa.” Francois raised his voice louder and introduced Rio, who was standing beside him, to the royalty and nobility in the hall.</p>

      <p>Rio, dressed in his formal outfit, placed a hand against his chest and bowed reverently. The hall burst into applause.</p>

      <p>“Dear me. As unprecedented a move as this was, after seeing such military prowess at a scene like that, I have no choice but to accept this decision from His Majesty.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, the way he fought last night was most splendid.”</p>

      <p>“Even so, to be appointed as an honorary knight at that age... He must be the youngest in history, no?”</p>

      <p>The guests on the first floor of the hall exchanged such words as they looked up at Rio. At the same time, on the upper floor, the heroes from each kingdom and their partners all stood watching Rio’s back.</p>

      <p><em>The Black Knight... Ugh. No matter how many times I hear it, it sounds so childish. I would have been writhing in embarrassment if they gave it to me... ...Damn it, part of me thinks it’s cool at the same time!</em> Hiroaki frowned at his conflicted thoughts. He found the idea of proclaiming oneself the Black Knight to be terribly embarrassing, but he was envious of the attention gathered on Rio.</p>

      <p>As he was pondering to himself, the applause in the hall ceased.</p>

      <p>“Ah, that’s right. I must introduce the partners of each kingdom’s hero, including Haruto’s. Everyone, could you step forward?” Francois invited the remaining heroes and their partners to come closer, so that they could stand within view of the attendees in the hall.</p>

      <p>“As the second night of the banquet was suspended partway, they will be attending in the same pairs. You may address them with that in mind.” In other words, Rio’s partners were Satsuki and Charlotte, Takahisa’s partners were Lilianna and Miharu, Hiroaki’s partners were Flora and Roanna, and Rui’s partner was Christina.</p>

      <p>“Hehe, your formal outfit looks good on you again today, Haruto.” Satsuki stood next to Rio and complimented him with a giggle.</p>

      <p>“I agree. I almost want to forget my position and follow you all night,” Charlotte whispered to Rio on the opposite side of Satsuki.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha... Thank you very much.” Rio’s smile twitched faintly as he thanked them.</p>

      <p>“...” Miharu watched Rio converse with them familiarly with a frustrated frown. Takahisa was watching Miharu do so, and tightly clenched his fist.</p>

      <p>“Now, I’m sure many of you didn’t get to socialize enough due to the uproar last night. Both the interior and exterior of the venue has had its security strengthened, so there will be no more miscreants running about. Rest assured, everyone. This concludes my greetings, short as they may have been. With this, the opening ceremony has concluded.” Francois finally declared the start of the third night of the banquet. Applause rang through the hall once again, the attendees ready and raring to make the most of this valuable social event where heroes from different kingdoms had gathered. However, among them, one man sneered coldly to himself.</p>

      <p><em>Well, no matter how cautious they are tonight, nothing will happen.</em> It was the Proxia Empire ambassador, Reiss, who was hidden in the crowd as one of Rubia Kingdom’s First Princess Sylvie’s attendants.</p>

      <p>Sylvie and her subordinates were spread around Reiss, nervously watching him for any odd movements. However, Reiss had no intention of doing such a thing as he boldly stared up at Rio on the upper floor.</p>

      <p><em>Haruto Amakawa, hm? According to Lucius, his name was Rio, though... That’s right, the same name as the orphan that gave Charles a run for his money in the Beltrum Kingdom,</em> Reiss thought, grinning eerily.</p>

      <p>“Tch... disgusting.” Sylvie watched Reiss with a bitter expression on her face.</p>

      <p>“Oh? The night has just begun, yet you don’t seem to be very pleased, Your Highness,” Reiss said innocently, catching Sylvie’s expression from the corner of his eye.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” Sylvie turned her nose away and huffed.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, it seems I’m still being suspected for last night’s disturbance...” Reiss shrugged his shoulders exaggeratedly.</p>

      <p><em>Despite everything, I am grateful to you, Your Highness. In consideration of your usefulness, I really will refrain from pulling anything tonight.</em> He grinned.</p>

      <p>“It isn’t my intention to anger you any more than this myself. To clear your suspicions, I will stick to sides like a wallflower all night. If you would like to place a guard on me, feel free to do so,” Reiss said dramatically. He then took a few steps forward, before turning around with a look that asked what she would do about it.</p>

      <p>“You lot, follow him.” Sylvie ground her teeth as she ordered her guards beside her to accompany Reiss.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>About ten minutes after the banquet commenced, Duke Huguenot came over to Rio, who was still on the upper floor of the hall. He was accompanied by a number of noble men and women.</p>

      <p>“Congratulations on your appointment to honorary knight, Haruto. No, I should call you Sir Amakawa now... Congratulations, Sir Amakawa,” the duke said to Rio, correcting himself.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for your kind words,” Rio replied with a bow.</p>

      <p>“I pray that your endeavors will always be blessed. May our friendship continue long into the future.” Duke Huguenot extended his hand for Rio to shake.</p>

      <p>“Indeed.” Although Rio would prefer to have nothing to do with the people of the Beltrum Kingdom, he accepted the handshake with a polite smile.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. I look forward to it. Now, setting that aside, I have had the honor of meeting with Sir Amakawa as well as Lady Satsuki and Princess Charlotte several times in these last two days. If you do not mind, may I perhaps introduce you to some of the nobility from the Restoration once more?” Duke Huguenot asked, shrewdly including Satsuki and Charlotte into his request.</p>

      <p>For the record, introducing yourself to a person of higher status numerous times was considered impolite. However, during events with many participants, it was acceptable to do so several times depending on your own status. The person of higher status couldn’t be expected to remember everyone with only one meeting, so they also preferred to be greeted multiple times.</p>

      <p>“Of course, we don’t mind at all. Isn’t that right, Lady Satsuki?” Charlotte accepted with a bright smile.</p>

      <p>“Yes.” Satsuki nodded without any sign of negativity, seemingly accustomed to the process. She may have already been familiar with these situations due to her life on Earth as a rich family’s daughter, or perhaps the last three days of the banquet had helped her become used to it.</p>

      <p>“You have my gratitude. Step forward, everyone.” Duke Huguenot lowered his head respectfully before inviting the nobles behind him forward. The first ones to approach were noblemen who appeared to be the heads of their houses, and they proceeded to introduce themselves. Right next to them were their daughters, who stood there gracefully.</p>

      <p>The men had been carefully selected by Duke Huguenot for their attendance, so they all had exceptional oratory skills. The conversation gradually divided, leaving Satsuki, Charlotte, and Rio to handle their own separate groups.</p>

      <p>After a while, the two noblemen that had been talking to Rio headed towards Satsuki and Charlotte, leaving Rio in a state with no conversation partner.</p>

      <p>“You lot may as well greet Haruto,” Duke Huguenot said, approaching Rio with the noble daughters of the Restoration. The ladies were all in their early to mid-teens and walked closer to Rio with nervous footsteps.</p>

      <p>“...Pleased to meet you. I’m Haruto Amakawa. It’s an honor to make your acquaintances. If you would like, could you please introduce yourselves to me?” Rio felt a little uncomfortable under the gaze of the group of girls, but he greeted them with a friendly smile on the surface. The two girls from the highest-ranked houses spoke first.</p>

      <p>“Nice to meet you. I am Elise of the house of Count Brandt.”</p>

      <p>“I’m Dorothea, from the house of Count Albert.”</p>

      <p><em>Huh? These two...</em> The names and faces of the two girls before him gave Rio a sense of deja vu. Of course they would; they were his former classmates at the Royal Academy. Elise had even been in the same squad as him in the outdoor drill in their sixth year. However, in the nearly four years that they hadn’t seen each other, they had lost a lot of their childish facial structure, maturing into adult women. Neither of them seemed to realize that Haruto Amakawa was Rio.</p>

      <p>“Pleased to make your acquaintance.” Once Rio realized where he knew them from, his expression stiffened for a brief moment, before he replied with a friendly smile. After that, the other girls continued to give simple introductions of themselves to Rio, who received them all sociably.</p>

      <p>All of the girls, including Elise and Dorothea, stared at Rio intently. They were all beautiful women that moved with elegance and spoke with modesty, but Rio knew how nasty their personalities were during their school days, and had to keep focused to stop his face from twitching.</p>

      <p><em>...Hm?</em> At that very moment, Rio made eye contact with Flora, who had been moving together with Hiroaki and Roanna elsewhere on the upper floor of the hall. She had a conflicted expression from seeing Rio interact with the girls that had been his former classmates and averted her eyes awkwardly when they met.</p>

      <p>Rio sighed as he looked away from Flora. He glanced at Miharu, who was together with Takahisa and Lilianna in another part of the room. But at that point, the final girl had finished introducing herself to Rio, so he drew his attention back to the conversation at hand.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for telling me your names. I will be sure to remember them,” Rio said, making the girls beam with delight. It was at that moment that Charlotte wrapped up her conversation with the nobles and walked over with Satsuki.</p>

      <p>“Sir Haruto, if you’ve finished your greetings, how about that dance with Lady Satsuki and I? We couldn’t have one last night due to those unruly intruders.” Charlotte looped her arm through Rio’s and looked up at his face imploringly.</p>

      <p>“Yes, of course,” Rio nodded with a wry smile. He was feeling a bit downcast after dealing with his former classmates, so he was grateful for the excuse to leave. The girls looked like they still wanted to talk to Rio, but...</p>

      <p>“Well then, everyone. Please excuse us.” Charlotte made use of her position as a princess and gave a firm farewell to Duke Huguenot and his people, pulling Rio away easily.</p>

      <p>Satsuki spoke up quietly after they had walked some distance away. “You sure are popular, Haruto...”</p>

      <p>“Naturally. Other than the heroes, Sir Haruto is gathering the most attention right now. His appearance is what it is, and his exceptional abilities have been proven after last night. Duke Huguenot was also most cunning. I’m sure he hoped that one of the girls would catch Sir Haruto’s eyes,” Charlotte muttered with an adorably sullen look.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. And? Did any of them do just that, Haruto?” Satsuki asked with a sidelong glance.</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“Are you not listening? We’re talking about whether any girls caught your eye.”</p>

      <p>“I am far too unworthy to consider such a thing... And I still don’t know any of them very well to begin with.” Rio chose his words carefully. It would be a lie to say that there had been, but being foolishly honest by replying that there weren’t could make him seem shallow and worsen their relationship.</p>

      <p>“Hehe, what a Haruto-like answer.” Satsuki seemed to find that amusing, as she giggled to herself. Haruto cocked his head in confusion, unsure of what would be considered typical for him.</p>

      <p>“If Sir Haruto so desires, Father would surely supply you with many suitable women, so if you need some assistance in the marriage department, just say the word. Well, if you have someone in mind already, then there is no need to say any more...” Charlotte said, casually looking between Rio and Satsuki.</p>

      <p>“I have answered this before, but I have no such person in mind,” Rio replied softly.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” Satsuki hummed in contemplation, glancing at Rio’s side profile.</p>

      <p>“Marriage talk aside, I am reassured to hear that. It wouldn’t do to ask for a dance from a gentleman with another woman in mind. This means there is nothing hindering Lady Satsuki and I from dancing with you. We excused ourselves under the pretext of dancing, so how about you two go first? I shall take the turn after Lady Satsuki,” Charlotte smiled pleasantly. Rio naturally looked towards Satsuki, who glanced back at him.</p>

      <p>“In that case, may I request one song from you, Lady Satsuki?” Rio asked gracefully, smiling gently.</p>

      <p>“...Okay, fine. I guess.” Satsuki nodded, looking a little bashful. They moved to the dance space on the first floor of the hall together with Charlotte.</p>

      <p>“Ooh! Lady Satsuki is dancing with Sir Amakawa!”</p>

      <p>“What? I can’t miss that.”</p>

      <p>People began to gather around them, sensing that the two most talked-about people were about to dance. Rio and Satsuki waited for the previous song to end before stepping onto the dance floor, while Charlotte stood with the others waiting for a dance at the side.</p>

      <p>Left to themselves, Rio and Satsuki both assumed their positions and brought their bodies close together.</p>

      <p>“Ah, just so you know, I have experience with formal dances on Earth, but the social dances here are oddly slow. It feels rather clingy, like you spend a lot of time staring at your partner. So, I’m not really used to the dances here. Can you lead?” Satsuki asked as she looked up at Rio’s face.</p>

      <p>“Sure, I don’t mind. I’m not very good myself, though.”</p>

      <p>“Huh, really? You can normally tell who isn’t good from the moment you get into position, so I think you’re one of the better people out there...”</p>

      <p>“I’ve only practiced a little in the past, and all I did in preparation for this banquet was review that,” Rio replied.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Well, you have some kind of training in martial arts and your sense of balance is perfect, so perhaps that’s reflected in your dancing.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, wouldn’t you be considered good too? You learned something as well, right? I can tell from the way you walk.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I learned kendo and a naginata, as well as karate and aikido for self-defense. What about you, Haruto? I couldn’t quite tell based on what I saw of your fight last night... Was it jujutsu?”</p>

      <p>“Amakawa Haruto learned an ancient style of martial arts that was passed down. It was originally a jujutsu that was influenced by Chinese martial arts in the Edo period, but after that, it was widely borrowed from both domestic and foreign techniques until it became its own style. Though the people who used it were pretty much unknown.”</p>

      <p>“Huh... Sounds interesting. Perhaps I’ll ask to spar with you in that area one day.” Satsuki grinned boldly, Rio’s style of martial arts having caught her interest.</p>

      <p>“If we have the chance, certainly.” Rio chuckled.</p>

      <p>“Speaking of chances, this is a good chance for me to ask—you told Miharu that she shouldn’t stay with you, right?” Satsuki asked, suddenly changing the subject. They didn’t have many opportunities to speak alone, so she figured this was the perfect time.</p>

      <p>“Yes. How much did she tell you?” Rio replied in a calm voice.</p>

      <p>“Nothing in detail. She looked really conflicted, so I figured it would be better to just ask you directly—is that okay?” Satsuki asked, watching Rio’s face.</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind. You’re Miharu’s... The song’s about to begin, so let’s continue as we’re dancing.” Rio’s expression clouded over softly as he interrupted himself. The song soon started, and Rio and Satsuki began to dance.</p>

      <p>“So, why do you think she would be better off staying away from you? You did get that Miharu wants to be with you, right?” Once they began dancing, Satsuki opened her mouth without waiting for Rio to speak first. He closed his eyes in thought for a moment, before immediately giving a self-loathing answer.</p>

      <p>“...It’s because I’m a good-for-nothing, I suppose.”</p>

      <p>“...A good-for-nothing? You? That’s not true.” Satsuki looked at Rio in exasperation, as though she couldn’t believe what he was saying.</p>

      <p>“I’m simply good at keeping up appearances. There are things that will always be incompatible between me, who was born and raised in this world, and Miharu, who was born and raised in Japan.”</p>

      <p>“So you’re saying you’ve been keeping those incompatible things hidden?”</p>

      <p>“That’s right.” Rio moved elegantly as he led Satsuki through the dance, nodding shortly.</p>

      <p>“Always incompatible, huh...” Satsuki muttered dubiously. She gave Rio a look that conveyed how she thought they should still stay together, if that was what Miharu wanted.</p>

      <p>“For example, if you found out that a friend close to you had killed someone before, was trying to kill someone for a personal vendetta right now, and had committed numerous crimes in the past, what would you think?” Rio asked in a low voice, looking a little awkward.</p>

      <p>“Are you... referring to yourself?” Satsuki gasped. Her body nearly stiffened in response, but her limbs continued to move due to his lead.</p>

      <p>“She should think of me as a different person. Amakawa Haruto is dead. Even if Miharu seeks the Amakawa Haruto within me, I won’t be able to be that man. She’ll surely compare the two of us, even if she isn’t aware of it herself.”</p>

      <p><em>And wouldn’t that just be painful for the both of us?</em> was what Rio was implying. He may have been bound by the thought that Amakawa Haruto was the only one worthy of standing beside Miharu.</p>

      <p>“That’s why you think she’s better off away from you?” Satsuki took a shaky breath and asked, her voice trembling slightly.</p>

      <p>“Yes,” Rio confirmed, quietly but firmly.</p>

      <p>“...I want to say something about that, but I can’t find the right words. I don’t think I can say that what you’re saying is completely incorrect... But it’s definitely logical to a fault.” Satsuki swallowed back the bitter feeling she had, her voice tinted with indignation.</p>

      <p>“How harsh of you.” Rio’s reply was somewhat evasive.</p>

      <p>“Obviously. This isn’t a topic to discuss here, so I won’t pry any further. But I don’t think there’s anything incompatible between you two. So don’t go deciding things for others so hastily.” Satsuki suddenly brought her face close to Rio’s, threatening as she stole the lead of the dance. They remained in that pose for a moment, staring at each other.</p>

      <p>“Haha...” There was a slight shadow over Rio’s face as he chuckled.</p>

      <p>“...The way you won’t obediently say yes shows how stubborn you can be, too, huh?” Satsuki glared at Rio reproachfully.</p>

      <p>“Perhaps. By the way—” Rio acknowledged her words before looking around at their surroundings.</p>

      <p>“What?” Satsuki frowned, looking suspicious.</p>

      <p>“We seem to have gathered too much attention. Perhaps we should unwrap ourselves from this pose.” Rio said to Satsuki with a forced laugh.</p>

      <p>“Huh...?” Satsuki’s eyes darted from left to right as she observed their surroundings.</p>

      <p>“My oh my, how passionate...”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Lady Satsuki can be quite bold at times.”</p>

      <p>“What an interesting sight.”</p>

      <p>The gallery of royalty and nobility gathered around the dance floor were watching Rio and Satsuki curiously because of how close Satsuki had brought her face to Rio’s, as though they were about to kiss. It must have been a sensational sight.</p>

      <p>“Wha...?!” Satsuki was rendered speechless, turning bright red. The next moment, she hurriedly distanced her face from Rio’s.</p>

      <p>“The song’s still playing, so let’s finish the dance.” Rio figured suspending their dance at this point would only be more suspicious, so he resumed leading Satsuki in the light footwork.</p>

      <p>“Wai— H-Haruto!” In a quiet but shrill voice, Satsuki objected with all her might. Still, her arms and legs followed Rio’s, moving along with him.</p>

      <p>“Stopping the dance here would just attract more attention.”</p>

      <p>“G-Geez!” Satsuki still seemed to be feeling a little embarrassed, keeping her head tilted slightly downwards as she entrusted herself to Rio’s lead.</p>

      <p>“I didn’t expect you to be the reckless type,” Rio said with a chuckle.</p>

      <p>“Meanwhile, you’re the overly careful type that ends up doing nothing.” Satsuki turned her nose away in a huff, cheeks still red.</p>

      <p>“Perhaps.” Rio nodded, giving his reply in a relaxed voice with a humble smile. Satsuki wasn’t happy with that answer, pouting as she looked up at Rio.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>