<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“I wouldn’t leave this in the hands of someone like Michel, who values tradition and status. Well... in contrast, you have a tendency to be <em>too</em> flexible... But I acknowledge that you are the most capable. And you have gained Satsuki’s trust to a certain degree.”</p>

      <p>“I’m honored by your words. There’s just one thing I’d like to ask about this role, Father. Just how close of a relationship do you want Lady Satsuki and Sir Haruto to have? Until they exchange vows?” She was speaking of marriage vows, of course. Charlotte seemed to enjoy asking the question, as though she knew the answer already.</p>

      <p><em>With no hope for Michel at all, the other option would be... to have Haruto placed under the influence of our kingdom by tying him with Satsuki, then eventually marrying their child with our royalty...</em> The thought briefly crossed Francois’ mind.</p>

      <p>“We shall wait and see. There’s no guarantee that Satsuki will feel that way. Continue observing their relationship and report immediately if anything changes. I will give you instructions to have the best outcome for our political situation,” he ordered Charlotte.</p>

      <p>“I understand. The relationship between Lady Miharu, Sir Takahisa, and Princess Lilianna may be fortuitous to us, so it would be one possibility to approach it that way. Which means... My oh my, whatever shall I do? There’s so much to think about,” Charlotte said, smiling happily. Francois watched his daughter with slightly exasperated eyes, but smiled as he considered their plans for the future.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Roughly one hour later, in a different location...</p>

      <p>The Centostella Kingdom guests, Takahisa and Lilianna, resided in the living room of the guest quarters of the Galarc royal castle.</p>

      <p>“Do you think Miharu and Satsuki are still talking to him?” Takahisa was pacing around the room restlessly as Lilianna was seated on a sofa. It wasn’t a question Lilianna would know the answer to, but he was probably aware of that and asked anyway.</p>

      <p>“If they haven’t arrived to see you yet, that is most likely the case, Sir Takahisa,” Lilianna replied in a calm voice.</p>

      <p>“Right, of course...” Takahisa slumped into the sofa heavily and began shaking his leg restlessly instead. Seeing him like that made Lilianna speak up.</p>

      <p>“Sir Takahisa, time will pass faster if you take a nap. You must be tired from all the traveling and attending the banquet these last few days, so how about you get some rest in your room? I’ll call you immediately if Lady Miharu and Lady Satsuki arrive.”</p>

      <p>“R-Really?”</p>

      <p>“Fatigue builds up without notice. If you lie down on your bed, you may find yourself asleep in a matter of moments, and it would be good to rest before the banquet tonight anyway,” Lilianna explained, persuading Takahisa for his own well-being.</p>

      <p>“Right. Okay... Then I’ll do just that.” Takahisa smiled weakly and stood up with a soft sigh. He was probably aware of his own restlessness. Lying down was a good suggestion, and he could at least use the time to calm down a bit.</p>

      <p>“Rest well.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I’ll be back later.”</p>

      <p>At that, Takahisa walked off. When the door to his bedroom clicked shut, Lilianna was left seated on the sofa, accompanied by her mid-teen attendant Frill, and Hilda, who was in charge of her guards.</p>

      <p>“Hilda, can you ask Kiara to remain on guard outside the door and call Alice here?” Lilianna said.</p>

      <p>“Understood.” Hilda bowed her head respectfully before heading outside the room. She opened the door and spoke to the two female knights who were on guard, calling the younger Alice inside.</p>

      <p>“Did you summon me, Princess Lilianna?” Alice tilted her head and asked in a slow voice that still held a touch of innocence to it. She was fourteen, which was slightly young to be a knight guarding a member of the royal family, even when compared to Kiara, who was seventeen. This was partially because many young female knights retired for marriage, and partially because of Alice’s special talents. Those talents were what had made her enlist as a knight, even though she was the daughter of a duke.</p>

      <p>“Alice, you said there was a tremendous amount of magic essence naturally flowing out of Sir Amakawa’s body at the banquet last night, correct? Just how much is that?” asked Lilianna. Indeed, despite the fact that Alice was a human living in the Strahl region, she could visualize magic essence. This ability had awakened in her when she was twelve years old, upon which she had been scouted to guard the first princess.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Around the same amount as our hero, I believe? But, honestly speaking, I’m not certain. The amount of essence flowing from your body can be controlled, and he seemed to be able to do that extremely well, too. I’ve never seen anyone wrap themselves in magic essence so cleanly and efficiently before. It’s possible that he has less essence than our hero, but it’s also possible that he has more.” Alice pondered over her answer, tapping her fingers to her lips.</p>

      <p>Humans who could use magic had varying levels at which they could detect and manipulate magic essence, but it was unheard of for people to go a step further and visualize essence. This was a required skill in order to use spirit arts, which made humans naturally unsuitable for learning spirit arts.</p>

      <p>Of course, it was possible to learn to visualize essence with enough practice over time, but unfortunately, the much easier-to-learn technique of magic had spread too far through the Strahl region, leaving no one with knowledge of spirit arts.</p>

      <p>However, there were exceptions to this even among humans, and Alice was one such genius who had high compatibility towards spirit arts. Though she couldn’t use spirit arts, she could utilize her ability to visualize magic essence to feel for its flow and protect her charge. Furthermore, she could tell how much magic essence a person had by seeing the naturally-emitted essence from their body.</p>

      <p>For the record, in terms of perception and manipulation of magic essence required to use magic, Celia was overwhelmingly more talented, but in terms of visualizing essence alone, Alice was better than Celia. However, Celia had been learning to visualize magic essence during her time in the stone house, so that gap in ability was slowly closing.</p>

      <p>“...Is it even possible to have more magic essence than our hero? He possesses more magic essence than all of our royal sorcerers combined, right?” Hilda asked with a dubious face, finding it hard to believe.</p>

      <p>“That’s why I said I wasn’t certain. It may be more accurate to say that I can’t see his limits. While it’s true that the magic essence that flows out of a person’s body is representative of their total essence amount, I can only make a very vague estimate. You can control the essence that flows out of you on a daily basis with enough practice, too. Think of it like being unable to tell the difference between a cup of water and a bucket of water,” Alice said, shrugging her shoulders.</p>

      <p>“Hilda, in your eyes, what were Sir Amakawa’s abilities like?” Lilianna asked Hilda.</p>

      <p>“...From what I could see of the battle, his skill is top-notch. The rumors said he defeated several minotaurs with his swordcraft and repelled a demi-dragon’s breath with his enchanted blade, and I believe he has the abilities to support those claims,” Hilda conjectured.</p>

      <p>“In other words, at this point, Sir Amakawa is untouchable. After talking to Lady Miharu at the banquet last night and seeing his demeanor at the audience earlier, he seems to have a reserved personality, too,” Lilianna summarized, then sighed somewhat listlessly.</p>

      <p>“...Is there a problem with him?” Hilda asked, narrowing her eyes. As the head guard, if there was something to be suspicious of then she needed to be aware of all factors that could affect her duty.</p>

      <p>“That’s not what I meant,” said Lilianna. But her expression still showed signs of worry.</p>

      <p><em>There isn’t a problem with Sir Amakawa himself. He’s been the talk of the town, after all. Rumors about him have spread everywhere. Yet all of them only speak highly of him. If there was a problem, then...</em></p>

      <p>It would be how Takahisa seemed to feel a sense of negativity toward Haruto. Every time rumors praising Haruto reached his ears, he would frown. That was because of the girl named Miharu, whom Lilianna knew Takahisa had feelings for.</p>

      <p><em>Sir Takahisa is jealous of Sir Amakawa. Though I don’t know how much awareness he has of that himself...</em> Lilianna had wanted to ease the state of Takahisa’s mind by letting him reunite with Satsuki, which was why she made this visit to Galarc a reality.</p>

      <p>But now she worried that Takahisa’s mental state had become even more unstable by coming here. Though, right now, it was still only a small seed of fear...</p>

      <p><em>It’s risky. Having such feelings of rivalry with a person as exceptional as him...</em> It was generally impossible for a person to win out against someone else in all aspects, because each person had their own strong points and weak points.</p>

      <p>However, jealousy could cloud a person’s eyes. There was no need for such a thing, yet they become disillusioned with the need to win over the other in every way. If they don’t win, they feel unbearable anxiety.</p>

      <p>What if Takahisa’s jealousy was deeply ingrained? What if he perceived his loss against Haruto in areas he couldn’t win in? It would be best to remove that seed of jealousy from Takahisa as soon as possible. By urging him to return to their kingdom immediately, to be precise. However—</p>

      <p><em>...Even if I can foresee what will happen, I cannot ask Sir Takahisa as he is now to return to our kingdom.</em> Even if she suggested their earlier return, Takahisa wouldn’t agree.</p>

      <p>Lilianna couldn’t forcefully restrain Takahisa and bring him back to her kingdom; doing so would immediately damage his trust in her and cause him to turn against the kingdom.</p>

      <p><em>I must move as Sir Takahisa desires. That is my duty as princess. But...</em> It was also her duty to guide Takahisa down the correct path, as his support. With that thought, Lilianna quietly closed her eyes and steeled her determination.</p>

      <p>At that moment, the door to the bedroom Takahisa went into to sleep opened. Of course, appearing in the doorway was the boy himself.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Lily. They might be done with their conversation by now... Could we maybe go to Satsuki and Miharu’s rooms to check?” Takahisa asked Lilianna with a terribly anxious face. At this very moment, his only ally was herself—that was the delusion Lilianna was struck by. She knew just how weak Takahisa was; how he was only just a boy, despite his title as hero.</p>

      <p>Satsuki’s name had been mentioned, but the one Takahisa wanted to see was Miharu. That much was easy to see...</p>

      <p>Lilianna hesitated before answering. “...I cannot recommend it at this time.”</p>

      <p>“...” Takahisa hung his head despairingly, but the words Lilianna uttered next cheered him up.</p>

      <p>“However, we can go and check if that is the case. If you can promise me we will leave promptly if they are still occupied, I shall accompany you. What do you think?”</p>

      <p>“Let’s go!” His answer was immediate. The way his face changed made his thoughts so easy to read, he would have failed as a member of royalty or nobility. Takahisa was a type of person Lilianna had never interacted with, which was precisely why she didn’t know how to interact with him.</p>

      <p>“Then let us go. You shall all accompany us.” Lilianna chuckled, prompting them all to begin moving. She could feel a thorn-like pain prickling her heart.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Roughly one hour had passed since Rio had told Satsuki and Miharu about his past life and discussed what to do about the future.</p>

      <p>Miharu finished discussing things alone with Satsuki and returned to Rio, then planned out their points of information for what was to come.</p>

      <p>In other words, how much of the truth they could reveal to Takahisa, keeping in mind the presence of Centostella Kingdom’s Princess Lilianna, and how much about his past life as Amakawa Haruto should be shared with Aki and the members of the Sendo family.</p>

      <p>“Miharu’s explained it all to me, but the bottleneck in telling the three Sendo family members the truth will be Aki, won’t it? She despises Haruto, but she doesn’t know about your past life yet... That makes everything complicated.” By putting the situation into words, Satsuki could feel how complex the issue was and smiled wryly.</p>

      <p>“Sorry,” Rio said.</p>

      <p>“I was unable to do anything out of fear my relationship with Aki would change, too...” Miharu hung her head apologetically.</p>

      <p>“No, the two of you shouldn’t be apologizing, but... hmm...” Satsuki cocked her head, wondering what could be done. “...I believe Aki’s emotions are illogical, but if it was something that could be explained in words then it wouldn’t drag on for so long, you know? That’s why it was hard for Miharu to talk to Aki about it. If she revealed Haruto’s past life to Aki, she could have recoiled and twisted the conversation off-course.”</p>

      <p>“...Yeah.” Miharu nodded bitterly.</p>

      <p>“It’s just... if we tell them we won’t be returning to Earth for the next few years at least, we’ll inevitably need to tell them about Haruto’s past life. And Takahisa needs to know Aki and Masato are safe, and the reverse applies, too. It would be cruel to keep the truth of our return to Earth hidden. Hmm...” Satsuki organized the information she had received accurately and pondered. “Then, how about this? We don’t want the discussion to go off-topic, and there’s also the concerns about Princess Lilianna, so first we’ll tell Takahisa a little information as we can. Just that Aki and Masato are both safe. Then for Aki and Masato... Once Aki is aware that Takahisa has been found safe and sound, we’ll tell her about Haruto’s past life. Now that Haruto’s named himself with the last name Amakawa, Aki will realize the truth as soon as she arrives at the castle. Which would be too late.”</p>

      <p>“...I have nothing to argue about there.” Rio placed a hand against his mouth and agreed with Satsuki. He thought it was the most reasonable plan in order to prevent the conversation from getting more complicated.</p>

      <p>“Really? If you have any objections at all, speak up.”</p>

      <p>“No, I believe that would be for the best. You’re very skilled at this, Satsuki.”</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, I guess I was a leader before— Or rather, a student council rep. I tend to voice my opinions without hesitation during a discussion. And when it comes to Aki, I can provide an objective opinion as a third party, I guess. Well, what do you think, Miharu?” Satsuki said shyly, before turning to Miharu for her opinion.</p>

      <p>“I don’t have a problem with that, either.” Miharu nodded.</p>

      <p>“The only other problem would be whether or not it would be okay to bring Aki and Masato to the castle if the three of them agree to meet, I suppose? Do we have an answer for that?” Rio asked.</p>

      <p>Satsuki exchanged a look with Miharu and nodded. “I discussed it with Miharu, and we think the only option is for them to meet at the castle—once they all agree to the risks involved.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. In that case, I’ll leave the explanation for Takahisa to you two, and I’ll sneak out of the castle tonight to explain things to Aki and Masato myself.”</p>

      <p>“Umm, I’ll go, too,” Miharu offered immediately.</p>

      <p>“...Okay. Then we’ll leave this place to Satsuki. If something happened to the security at the castle, someone might come here. It’d be bad if we were all missing.”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. If someone ends up visiting, I’ll do something about it. Don’t worry,” Satsuki agreed readily.</p>

      <p>“Then we’re counting on you.” Rio nodded his head at Satsuki.</p>

      <p><em>Aishia, can you go run an errand for me?</em> Rio asked Aishia secretly.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, sure. Do you want me to go to Aki and Masato?</em> Aishia must have been listening, as she replied immediately.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah. I’d like you to go to the stone house first and inform them that Takahisa has been found. Then, tonight, by the time Miharu and I visit, I’d like them to think carefully and decide if they’d like to meet him at the castle. </em></p>

      <p><em>Understood. I’ll be off now.</em> Aishia promptly left Rio’s body in her spirit form and headed for the stone house. At that very moment, a knock on the door echoed through the living room.</p>

      <p>“...I wonder who that is?” Satsuki said, standing up and heading towards the door. She proceeded to open it to reveal the two female soldiers that had been on guard before her rooms, as well as Takahisa and Lilianna. They were accompanied by Lilianna’s attendant, Frill, and her guard knights.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Satsuki.” Takahisa greeted her with a rather awkward smile.</p>

      <p>“...Takahisa.” Satsuki blinked. She was sure she’d told him she had something important to discuss with Miharu, so she would contact him later. And yet, he had shown up here like this...</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. I just couldn’t wait any longer...”</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, well, we were just wrapping up our discussion...” Satsuki said, turning back to the living room. Rio and Miharu were seated together, their gazes directed at the visitors.</p>

      <p>Of course, the sight of Rio and Miharu sitting together was also within Takahisa’s field of view.</p>

      <p>“Ugh...” Instantly, Takahisa’s face darkened as he clenched his jaw. He wasn’t very impressed to hear he had been excluded while they were discussing something important.</p>

      <p>Satsuki sighed quietly. “...I suppose it’s good timing. There’s something we’d like to tell you, as well. Would you like to come in? Umm, sorry to say this to the Princess, but we’d like to speak to Takahisa alone.”</p>

      <p>“Is that okay, Lily?” Takahisa looked at Lilianna, who stood behind him.</p>

      <p>“...They’re friends you haven’t met in a long time, so I’m sure you have many things to discuss. In that case, I won’t act so uncouth as to insist upon my presence, but...” Lilianna paused for a moment, glancing at Rio—who had no relationship with Takahisa—before giving her answer cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“If so, I shall also excuse myself.” Rio read the implied message and immediately offered to leave.</p>

      <p>“Ah, but...” Satsuki reflexively hesitated, trying to stop Rio.</p>

      <p>“If you’re disallowing Her Highness’ presence with the reasoning of a reunion between friends, then there’s no sense in me being treated specially, is there? I’m sure that position-wise, Princess Lilianna would prefer to remain with Takahisa as much as possible, too,” Rio explained, showing consideration for Lilianna.</p>

      <p>It couldn’t be easy for the Centostella Kingdom to let go of their hero. They would want to keep him within their field of view as much as possible, after all—especially when he was going to be in the presence of an unknown, newly-appointed noble. It was all the more unfavorable for Lilianna from her position. If anything, they should be wary of it. It was also the nature of their closed-off kingdom.</p>

      <p>“I appreciate your consideration, Sir Amakawa.” Lilianna spoke the family name Rio had announced at the audience with the king, having clearly remembered it.</p>

      <p>“Not at all. It is an honor to make your acquaintance,” Rio said, showing respectful humility. Thus, Takahisa took Rio’s place in the discussion with Satsuki and Miharu as Rio left the room.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>After leaving the room, Rio and Lilianna descended the tower staircase together. Lilianna’s attendant, Frill, and the female knights Hilda, Kiara, and Alice took up the rear.</p>

      <p><em>They’re watching me. Are they wary of me? No, that’s not it...</em> Rio felt their gazes on him and casually glanced backwards. Alice was staring intently at him. It was a bit too blatant to be a look of caution—it seemed more like she was staring out of curiosity.</p>

      <p>Just then, Lilianna spoke. “Sir Amakawa, how would you like to join me for a bit of conversation? You seem close to Lady Satsuki and Lady Miharu, so I would love to hear your thoughts.”</p>

      <p>“...Of course, I have no reason to refuse. If Your Highness finds me a worthy conversation partner then it would be my pleasure to fulfill that role.” While Rio was slightly taken aback by the sudden request, he agreed readily. One could not refuse a royal’s request for no reason, after all.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. The area we’re staying in just so happens to be at the base of this tower, so let us head there.” Thus, the party spent the next minute leisurely making their way down the stairs towards the guest rooms where Lilianna was staying. On the way, they happened across Charlotte and Christina chatting in the corridor. The two of them were accompanied by their respective attendants, who were waiting nearby.</p>

      <p>“My, if it isn’t Princess Lilianna. And Sir Haruto, too. What might you two be up to?” Charlotte asked curiously.</p>

      <p>“Sir Takahisa is in Lady Satsuki’s quarters speaking with her and Lady Miharu, so I had a free moment to spare. I was thinking of sitting down with Sir Haruto,” Lilianna explained.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, is that so? In that case, I would love to join you.”</p>

      <p>“Of course, you’re more than welcome to,” Lilianna readily agreed.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. How about you, Princess Christina? You were about to return to your quarters just now, no?” Charlotte said brightly.</p>

      <p>“I... No, I shall. It’s a rare occasion, so I would appreciate the opportunity.” Christina looked like she was about to refuse for a brief moment, but she seemed to change her mind when she saw Rio’s face.</p>

      <p>“Then, it’s decided.” Charlotte beamed happily. “Oh... Princess Flora!” By pure coincidence, she spotted Flora passing by further down the corridor and called her name eagerly.</p>

      <p>Flora had been walking alongside the female knight that had been accompanying her, but came to a stop when she heard her name. When she spotted Rio and her older sister Christina, her eyes widened, and she approached hurriedly.</p>

      <p>“...Umm, why is everyone gathered here like this?” she asked Charlotte, while at the same time having her attention focused on Rio and Christina. Whereas Rio bowed once, Christina didn’t spare her a glance and remained standing still.</p>

      <p>“I had just spotted Princess Christina in the hallway and was talking to her when Princess Lilianna and Sir Haruto appeared, so the four of us are about to have tea together.” Charlotte looked between the two sisters of the Beltrum Kingdom casually and spoke with a beaming smile.</p>

      <p>For the record, tea parties were how women in royal and noble circles socialized, and an invitation to tea was the same as an invitation to chat. While there were exceptions, it was a silently accepted rule that the higher-ranked person would invite a lower-ranked person to tea if their conversation was to be drawn out. If they were at equal standing, then it didn’t matter who did the inviting. Conversely, if the higher-ranked person didn’t extend an invitation to tea, it was a silent way of expressing that they didn’t want to talk for long. In this regard, one needed to be able to read the room with great sensitivity.</p>

      <p>“Everyone is having tea together...” Flora seemed to want to join in herself, as she looked around at the four of them with slightly envious, puppy-like eyes. Charlotte tilted her head.</p>

      <p>“What were you doing, Princess Flora?”</p>

      <p>“I was thinking of taking a short walk before returning to my rooms...” Flora replied honestly. Like Christina and Lilianna, the rooms Flora was staying in were also on this floor.</p>

      <p>“I see,” Charlotte nodded, smiling cheerfully. However, that was all she said. She didn’t proceed to invite Flora along right away.</p>

      <p>“...Umm. Then, if you would excuse me.” Flora looked uncomfortable and avoided meeting anyone’s eyes as she slowly tried to turn back.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, hold on a minute. Would you like to join us too, Princess Flora?” It was at this point that Charlotte finally invited Flora to tea.</p>

      <p>“Huh? But... Are you sure?” Flora asked timidly, watching Rio and Christina’s expressions.</p>

      <p>“Of course. I don’t mind,” Charlotte nodded brightly.</p>

      <p>“I would be happy to have you there, too. I rarely ever have the chance to have tea with princesses from other kingdoms,” Lilianna also agreed cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“I also have no reason to refuse,” Rio added. From a social standpoint, Rio wasn’t able to refuse like the rest of them.</p>

      <p>This left her older sister Christina, who was currently here as an ambassador for the Kingdom of Beltrum. As Flora’s sister, who was the representative of the Restoration, which was rebelling against her kingdom, they were in opposing factions.</p>

      <p>However, as she had already agreed to joining them for tea, changing her mind so blatantly would be seen as an act of disrespect towards Charlotte and Lilianna.</p>

      <p>“...I don’t mind either.” Christina restrained herself from sighing heavily and nodded with a poker face.</p>

      <p>“Thank you so much,” Flora said happily.</p>

      <p>“Now, where shall we go to talk? I was planning on using the guest room where I’m staying, but...” said Lilianna.</p>

      <p>“There’s a rooftop garden for the royalty here to use. Allow me to lead the way,” Charlotte immediately suggested, and began to move. And so, Rio ended up going to a tea party with the four princesses of Galarc, Beltrum, and Centostella, representing the three large kingdoms spanning from the west to the east of Strahl.</p>

      <p>They were surrounded by their respective attendants, making for a rather large party. Naturally, just walking through the castle like that attracted much attention. The people they passed by in the corridors would be drawn to the four beautiful princesses first. Then, most people would widen their eyes and freeze, before snapping back to their senses and hurrying down a side corridor to avoid them.</p>

      <p>The next one to catch their attention would be Rio, the lone man among them who had just been appointed as an honorary knight. The sight of these four people gathering to have tea was so unheard of, it was likely that it would never happen again. There was no way they weren’t conspicuous.</p>

      <p><em>I’m going to wear myself out before the third night even begins.</em> Just how did things end up like this? While any other boy of the royal family would have been envious and enthusiastic over such a situation, Rio’s face twitched silently instead.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Some time before then, in Satsuki’s quarters, an explanation was being given to Takahisa. Satsuki had emphasized how the things they were about to say were to be kept strictly between them, before informing Takahisa that Aki and Masato were safe.</p>

      <p>“Aki and Masato... they’re safe?” Takahisa parroted Satsuki’s words in shock.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Haruto took them in, along with Miharu, and they are currently living in a safe place. The only ones who know this are Haruto, Miharu, and myself. And now you, Takahisa. Make sure you keep that in mind,” Satsuki explained.</p>

      <p>“Haruto did...?” Takahisa said, looking slightly conflicted.</p>

      <p>“The two of them wandered into this world with Miharu, so they were saved along with her.”</p>

      <p>“W-Wait just a second. If that’s the case, then why weren’t they brought to the castle, too?”</p>

      <p>“They couldn’t be sure of how they would be treated at the castle. That’s why Miharu came with Haruto on their behalf first.”</p>

      <p>“You said they’re in a safe place... is that place really safe?”</p>

      <p>“They’ve been safe until today, haven’t they?” Satsuki pointed out to calm Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“...But if the two of them are safe, I’ll take them in! And Miharu, too!” Takahisa blurted out in frustration, unable to take it any longer. Miharu was about to say something reflexively, but Satsuki stopped her with a hand.</p>

      <p>“That wouldn’t be you taking them in, but the Centostella Kingdom, no? If they came to the castle, they could be used in a political way. They might lose their freedom to act, too. And while it might be your responsibility to look after Aki and Masato as their older brother, that’s not the case for Miharu, no?” she said with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“B-But the castle is definitely safer! Lily is trustworthy, too!”</p>

      <p>“If you’re insisting that much, then I’ll believe she isn’t a bad person at heart. But that doesn’t mean we can trust her. I don’t know what kind of person Princess Lilianna is, and I don’t know what kind of kingdom Centostella is, either. Even if the princess is a good person, the kingdom could be different. Would Princess Lilianna be able to go against the interests of her kingdom to act on Aki and Masato’s behalf? Does she have the power to do so?”</p>

      <p>“That’s...!” Takahisa tried to object, but struggled to find his words.</p>

      <p>“You can’t say for certain, right? Even I don’t trust the Galarc Kingdom completely. That’s why I can understand your desire to stay with your little brother and sister, and I personally would like to stay with you too, but I’m worried...” Satsuki added, frowning.</p>

      <p>“You say you’re worried, but I’m more worried not having them beside me. I just can’t sit still and wonder if something might happen to them. I’ve already experienced that enough in these past few months. The pain of not having the people I care about beside me... Not being able to protect them if something happens...”</p>

      <p>“I believe they’ll be safe as long as they’re under Haruto’s protection, though...” Satsuki realized that just like how Lilianna was for her, Haruto was someone Takahisa probably couldn’t trust, either.</p>

      <p>“...It seems like you trust Haruto quite a bit, Satsuki,” Takahisa said with a slightly biting tone.</p>

      <p>“Well, Haruto does have the track record of protecting Miharu from the moment she came to this world. He even brought her to us. Even though he wouldn’t have gotten anything out of it, helping a stranger... helping strangers like Miharu and your siblings, you know? And when I actually sat down and talked to him, he seemed like a really sincere person.” Satsuki looked at Miharu as she spoke of Rio’s accomplishments and personality. They weren’t entirely strangers, so she fumbled a bit with her words, but Takahisa didn’t seem to find that particularly strange.</p>

      <p>“Then you should trust me, too! And you should trust Lily, who’s been supporting me until now! Do you not want to believe me, Satsuki?” Takahisa objected heatedly.</p>

      <p>“Of course, I believe your feelings about Aki, Masato, and Miharu are true. I also believe you have a responsibility over Aki and Masato as their older brother, and that it would normally be the right thing for you to do. We don’t deny that and won’t stop you from meeting them.” In contrast, Satsuki spoke calmly to Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“Then...!” Takahisa seemed to have taken Satsuki’s words as something encouraging, as he smiled in relief. However, he looked sullen once again because of what Satsuki said next.</p>

      <p>“But if you’re going to meet Aki and Masato, I want you to promise that you won’t ignore their own intentions. While I know you must have been anxious being alone this entire time, that doesn’t mean you can just push your opinion onto others, you know? Not everyone might think the same way as you. Furthermore, you don’t have the power to decide Miharu’s actions for yourself, Takahisa.”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>“Sorry for sounding so bossy. But when I look at you right now, all I see is your anxiety. There’s no guarantee that Aki and Masato think the same way as you, and if that were the case, I don’t want you to force your opinions onto them. I’d be happy if you didn’t think of this as me lecturing you, but rather a request from an upperclassman.” Satsuki looked a little guilty as she spoke to the silent Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“Right...” Takahisa pouted and nodded.</p>

      <p>“Then... I doubt I need to ask again, but do you want to see Aki and Masato?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“The two of them are currently living outside the castle. As heroes, we won’t be able to leave the castle with no explanation to the king, and even if we explained it, they’ll just tell us to call them here. So, if you want to meet them, we’ll have to bring Aki and Masato to the castle. But the final decision of whether they want to come to the castle or not falls on the two of them. How long do you think you can stay in this kingdom, Takahisa?”</p>

      <p>“They figured we’d have a few things to catch up on, so we’ll be staying for a few days longer.”</p>

      <p>“Then it shouldn’t be a problem. Haruto will visit the two of them as early as tomorrow to explain the situation. If the two of them agree to come to the castle, he should be able to bring them right over. Can you wait until then?”</p>

      <p>“...Of course.” Takahisa suppressed his desire to see them right away and nodded sullenly.</p>

      <p>“That settles it. Are you okay with this, Miharu?” Satsuki exhaled, turning to Miharu. She nodded slowly.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Sorry, I left all the explaining to you...”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine—this is my job as your upperclassman,” Satsuki boasted a bit, shrugging her shoulders.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. So all that’s left is to wait until Haru-kun... Haruto returns? Was there anything else we had to say...?” Miharu smiled softly and relaxed, which probably caused her to accidentally call Haruto “Haru-kun.” She immediately corrected herself into saying “Haruto,” but Satsuki and Takahisa both heard her clearly. Takahisa looked like he wanted to say something in response to the intimate nickname.</p>

      <p>“...What’s the plan for Haruto?” Takahisa asked, but he couldn’t ask about the nickname Haru-kun.</p>

      <p>“Haruto’s staying in these rooms too,” Satsuki answered.</p>

      <p>“What?!” Takahisa’s expression fell in shock. He looked at Miharu and Satsuki incredulously, as though he was questioning what they were thinking.</p>

      <p>“Even though he’s staying here, he has a separate bedroom.” So it wasn’t a problem, Satsuki implied.</p>

      <p>“Still, staying in the same rooms as a man in your age group...” Takahisa simply couldn’t wrap his mind around it.</p>

      <p>“It was easier to share information by having him stay in these quarters. Anyway, you’re staying in the same rooms as Princess Lilianna, aren’t you?”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine for me! I swear I wouldn’t do anything like forcefully approach a woman, and the other guard knights and attendants are there, too. But here it’s just you and Miharu, right? You’re putting too much trust in him.”</p>

      <p>“You speak as though you’re an exception... Just so you know, Haruto isn’t the type to forcefully approach a woman, either. Isn’t that right, Miharu?” Satsuki laughed with slight exasperation before suddenly turning to Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Eh? Ah, y-yes!” Miharu hadn’t expected to be asked about it, so she was taken aback at first. Takahisa saw that the two of them trusted Haruto completely and frowned in disapproval.</p>

      <p><em>...Satsuki seems to be concerned about bringing Aki and Masato to the castle, but I’m more concerned not having them with me. And Miharu too...</em> He couldn’t leave them to anyone else. If anything bad happened to them while they were away from him, he’d regret it.</p>

      <p><em>Aki and Masato will definitely come to see me. Then, the three of us will be together and we can finally settle into a steady life. No, Miharu has to be by my side, too. I will protect her and I’ll regret nothing. That’s why I need to tell her, once Aki and Masato arrive...</em> Takahisa silently decided with determination.</p>

      <p>The conversation continued for a while after that, but before long, they had finished explaining everything they could to Takahisa. Satsuki suggested they go look for Rio, hoping that Takahisa could learn more about him.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, some time after Satsuki and Miharu had finished their conversation with Takahisa...</p>

      <p>Only a small number of people—including the royal family and their attendants—could access the Galarc castle rooftop garden. Rio found himself seated there with four beautiful princesses: Charlotte, Flora, Christina, and Lilianna.</p>

      <p>Tea and sweets were prepared promptly, and the tea party commenced.</p>

      <p>The attendants and female knights of each kingdom stood around Rio, creating a situation where everyone apart from Rio was a woman. They all stood silently as the princesses chatted brightly amongst themselves.</p>

      <p>The content of their discussion focused on Rio, who was currently the hottest topic of the castle. First, each princess offered him words of congratulations for his promotion to an honorary knighthood.</p>

      <p>“The way you fought at the banquet was wonderful. You drove back the invaders with truly incredible skill, especially that final moment where you cut down the photon bullets with your dagger,” Charlotte said, commending Rio openly.</p>

      <p>“It was a splendid sight. I’m impressed that you were able to cut down those countless bullets of light magic flying at such rapid speeds. Were you able to see the trajectory of all those lights?” Christina asked, admiration in her voice.</p>

      <p>“Yes, somehow.” Rio nodded rather awkwardly, as the eyes of everyone present were focused solely on him.</p>

      <p>“Such a feat cannot be accomplished by just anyone, you realize? Even those who were trained to fight... Would you be able to do it, Vanessa?” Christina asked, turning to question the female knight in her twenties; Vanessa was standing a short distance away from her. She thought for a moment before answering.</p>

      <p>“...I do not believe so. To be honest, I wouldn’t even think of attempting it. Everyone on the upper floor behind Sir Amakawa was at risk of being caught in the crossfire, though I believe he had no choice but to do what he did in that situation.”</p>

      <p><em>Vanessa...?</em> When Rio heard the name, he felt a faint tug on his memory. He had heard it before, and glanced at Vanessa’s face out of curiosity.</p>

      <p>Not only her name—her face was familiar, too.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, is she perhaps the female knight that was in the slums that time? Along with Professor and Christina...</em> Rio recalled Vanessa in the recesses of his memory. She was the one who had forced Rio to go to the castle, stating the need for questioning. That had left an impression.</p>

      <p>“What about you, Hilda?” Lilianna turned around to question the oldest knight that was guarding her. Hilda was similar in age to Vanessa.</p>

      <p>“...If I could enhance my physical body with an enchanted sword, I believe I would be able to grasp the basics, but I’m not so confident I would be able to actually see all the trajectories and counter them. It would definitely be impossible with regular physical body enchantment through sorcery or magic,” Hilda replied.</p>

      <p>“That just shows how superior Sir Haruto’s skills are, I suppose,” Charlotte said brightly.</p>

      <p>“I do have a little confidence in my kinetic vision,” Rio admitted somewhat shyly.</p>

      <p><em>Well, I am enhancing my physical body with spirit arts too, after all, </em>he thought, looking back on the battle. He had suppressed his abnormal power a fair amount so that no onlookers would suspect anything, but even then, Rio had moved in a way that exceeded the normal physical limits that sorcery and magic could enhance up to.</p>

      <p>In his natural state, Rio’s physical body was no different to that of a regular person. He couldn’t move beyond the limits of his body, either.</p>

      <p>“Oh, such modesty. While the other knights were struggling to finish off the other invaders in a one-on-one duel, Sir Haruto shut down six of them easily,” Charlotte said.</p>

      <p>“Yes, it was truly splendid,” Lilianna agreed without hesitation.</p>

      <p>“Oh yes, speaking of which— Princess Flora. You witnessed Sir Haruto fight from up close in the battle at Amande, no?” Charlotte suddenly asked.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Ah, yes... I saw him when he was fighting monsters on the main street, as well as when I was abducted by a mercenary named Lucius.” Flora watched Rio’s expression carefully and nodded.</p>

      <p>“I’ve heard that powerful monsters called minotaurs had spawned, and that Lucius was fairly skilled himself. I would love to hear more about how Sir Haruto fought,” Charlotte expressed curiously with her innocent face, pleading for details.</p>

      <p>“It was amazing. He went face-to-face against a minotaur that was several meters tall with a huge stone sword, and the mercenary... The mercenary was completely overwhelmed... And he used his enchanted sword to repel the sudden breath attack of the demi-dragon...” Flora watched Rio’s face as she grasped for words. In the battle with Lucius, Rio had used some kind of tremendous wave attack that clearly wasn’t magic, but she purposefully chose not to say anything about it.</p>

      <p>“...He really has achieved some tremendous things.” Lilianna’s eyes were round and wide as she looked at Rio, who mustered a bashful smile. Meanwhile, Christina hadn’t said a word to Flora since the start of the tea party and hadn’t even met her gaze once, as though there was no one seated there.</p>

      <p>“...” She gave the slightest of glances to Flora, before frowning faintly. After that, she looked at Rio as though she was about to say something, then hesitated, before ultimately closing her mouth.</p>

      <p>“Hehe, Princess Flora has been saved by Sir Haruto multiple times.” Charlotte smiled almost gloatingly, looking at Christina as she spoke to Flora.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I would like to repay the debt somehow, but...” Flora watched Rio’s face and showed a darker expression on her own. She may have been recalling Rio’s past that she had heard during the battle with Lucius.</p>

      <p>“My answer to that has not changed since I last spoke to you in Amande,” Rio said softly, shaking his head. Christina looked between Rio and Flora’s faces with a thoughtful expression.</p>

      <p>At the gazebo where they were holding their tea party, which was a simple structure placed as a resting area in the garden, a servant girl of the Galarc Kingdom appeared. For her to be permitted here, she must have worked closely under Charlotte.</p>

      <p>“Princess Charlotte, please excuse the interruption. Lady Satsuki and Lady Miharu have arrived with the hero of the Centostella Kingdom. They say they’re searching for Sir Amakawa. Shall I show them here?”</p>

      <p>“Of course, go right ahead. Bring them here promptly,” Charlotte said, and the girl left. Less than a minute later, Satsuki and the others arrived behind the same girl.</p>

      <p>“Hello—sorry for disturbing your downtime. Everyone’s here together...” Satsuki blinked at the sight of all the great kingdoms’ princesses gathered together. When she spotted Rio among them, she looked at him in exasperation.</p>

      <p>“...Is something the matter, Lady Satsuki?” Rio inquired. They were surrounded by princesses, so he called her by her title.</p>

      <p>“No, not really... I’m just surprised to see you having fun drinking tea with so many princesses in the short time you were separated from us. I should have expected as much from the <em>Black Knight</em>.” Satsuki seemed to be a little annoyed after all, but she finished her thought with a teasing smile.</p>

      <p><em>I can’t believe he was off surrounding himself with cute girls while we were caught up in a serious conversation</em>, she thought, puffing her cheeks up slightly.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha... That is the honorable second name bestowed upon me by His Majesty, but I feel the title of ‘Black Knight’ is still too heavy a burden—and somewhat embarrassing to hear. If you could perhaps refrain from using it...” Rio forced an uncomfortable smile as he pleaded with Satsuki in a roundabout way.</p>

      <p>“Oh? But it’s so <em>cool</em>.”</p>

      <p>“I beg of you, <em>Great Hero</em>.”</p>

      <p>“Urgh...” Satsuki’s face twitched in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Is everything all right, Lady Satsuki?” Charlotte cocked her head in question.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s just that having Haruto call me ‘hero’ feels really embarrassing, even though I’m fine when other people call me that.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, please call me as you normally do, too,” Rio asked a bashful Satsuki.</p>

      <p>“Fine. Gosh.” Satsuki pouted her lips.</p>

      <p>“Hehe, the two of you seem so close. Now, come and take a seat, the three of you—welcome to the tea party. Lady Satsuki can sit beside Sir Haruto, Sir Takahisa can sit beside Princess Lilianna, and Lady Miharu can sit between them.” Charlotte beamed happily, deciding the order of seating for the three of them and urging them into their seats.</p>

      <p>“Okay, excuse us, then. Let’s sit down, Miharu.” Takahisa walked forward first, pulling out Miharu’s seat for her.</p>

      <p>“...Yeah. Thank you.” Miharu nodded with a slightly troubled face, walking to the seat.</p>

      <p>“Here you are, Lady Satsuki.” Rio also stood up to pull out Satsuki’s seat for her.</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Haruto.” Satsuki chuckled as she sat down.</p>

      <p>Once Takahisa sat in his seat, he turned to Lilianna. “So you were here too, Lily. But how did this lineup gather together like this? Even Princess Christina and Princess Flora are here...”</p>

      <p>“Ah, I was a little curious about that, too. Only 30 minutes have passed since Haruto left the room with Princess Lilianna...” Satsuki immediately jumped on that topic.</p>

      <p>“After Sir Haruto and I descended the tower staircase, we ran into Princess Christina and Princess Charlotte talking together. That was when we decided to have tea,” Lilianna answered with a gentle smile.</p>

      <p>“We were just talking about Sir Haruto right now,” Charlotte explained to Satsuki and the others.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, about Haruto, you say...” Satsuki looked at Rio sitting beside her with interest.</p>

      <p>“Hehe, are you interested?” Charlotte giggled mischievously.</p>

      <p>“Well, yes. Aren’t you, too, Miharu?” Satsuki wasn’t entirely against the idea, nodding before looking at Miharu beside her.</p>

      <p>“...Yes, I am curious.” Miharu nodded firmly, staring closely at Rio on the other side of Satsuki. But Rio seemed to be feeling a little awkward, as he avoided Miharu’s gaze.</p>

      <p>Satsuki and Miharu’s interest was drawn towards Rio, whereas Takahisa looked a little bitter and unamused. When Lilianna noticed that, her widened eyes welled with slight anguish.</p>

      <p>At the same time, Flora seemed to be concerned by Rio and her older sister Christina, as she was glancing between them. Christina seemed to have noticed her little sister’s gaze, but purposefully chose to look the other way. Charlotte carefully observed all of it.</p>

      <p><em>I had a hunch Sir Takahisa was besotted with Lady Miharu at the banquet last night, but it doesn’t seem like Lady Miharu returns those feelings. But Lady Miharu is in love with Sir Haruto, and although Sir Haruto has noticed this, for some reason, he is trying to distance himself. No, perhaps he’s worried about it? And, finally, Princess Flora seems to hold some feelings toward Sir Haruto, but Sir Haruto thinks nothing of it. Oh, how I look forward to tonight’s banquet.</em> Charlotte’s mouth twitched faintly.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>