<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Ahaha...” Rio smiled with his eyes closed, not bothering to reply.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Masato watched that exchange happen from the side. <em>Hmm. It doesn’t seem like the right time for me to interrupt. How nice it must be, Haruto. But I never imagined Aki would have a past like that...</em> He crossed his arms with a contemplative look and hummed.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Masato?” Rio brushed off his embarrassment by speaking to Masato.</p>

      <p>“Nothing, I was just thinking that if you and Aki were siblings in your past life, then that kind of makes you my older brother as well, though we’re not related by blood. Aki may have said what she said, but I think of you like a real older brother.” Masato rubbed his nose shyly as he spoke to Rio.</p>

      <p>“Oh. Thank you, Masato.” Rio’s eyes widened before he thanked Masato with a gentle smile.</p>

      <p>“Hmph! It’s my job to be spoiled by Onii-chan, though. Got it, Masato?” Apparently that had fired up Latifa’s desire to monopolize her brother.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha. I know. I’ll just have him look after my sword practice.” Masato shrugged with a laugh.</p>

      <p>“Good.” Latifa nodded in satisfaction. “That aside—Onii-chan.” She suddenly looked up at Rio’s face.</p>

      <p>“What is it?” Rio tilted his head in response to Latifa, a gentle expression on his features.</p>

      <p>“I can smell the scent of women I don’t know on your body.” Rio froze as Latifa’s nose twitched as she sniffed. She was a werefox with sharp senses, after all. Sara the werewolf had also noticed, as she made a face that seemed to say: “Oh, she actually asked.”</p>

      <p>“...Oh, that’s because I danced with lots of people at the banquet,” he answered shortly to Latifa, who looked up at him as though to ask who. At the back of Rio’s mind, he recalled how Charlotte had clung to him constantly all night.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Aki closed the door and entered her room before falling onto the bed. Moments later, the door opened once again as someone entered. The door clicked shut behind them. Because the house was made of stone, it was completely soundproof with the doors closed and no one outside could hear their conversation.</p>

      <p>“...What is it, Miharu?” She knew who it was without turning to look.</p>

      <p>“It’s about Haruto. Also, I feel like I have to apologize to you, Aki.”</p>

      <p>“...You? What would you have to apologize for?” Aki asked, deciding to touch upon the latter topic first.</p>

      <p>“I had no idea how to interact with you after you closed your heart off to Haru-kun, so I always ran away from it. I used the fact that our relationship might break down as an excuse, when in reality, I didn’t have the courage to face it head-on. Even though I’m like your older sister... I’m sorry,” Miharu said in shame. The more prejudice Aki held towards Haruto, the more strongly Miharu felt aware of how precious Haruto was to her. However, Miharu had never been able to confront those feelings with Aki.</p>

      <p>She had been worried that confronting Aki would have ruined their relationship. However, if she had confronted her, then she may have been able to shed some positive light on those ill feelings. Instead, her avoidance had resulted in making Aki even more upset now, Miharu thought.</p>

      <p>“That’s not... true. Even after that person disappeared, you were the one always by my side. You didn’t run away at all. You stayed with me. So, don’t apologize. What are you apologizing for? There’s nothing to be sorry about!” Despite being on the verge of tears, Aki mustered a smile and poured her heart out.</p>

      <p>“No, I have to apologize. I will no longer run away,” Miharu said resolutely.</p>

      <p>“Huh...? No longer run away?” Aki asked in a tearful voice.</p>

      <p>“Yup. I’ve decided I’ll voice my own opinions from now on. Until now, I’ve always yielded to you whenever my opinion utterly clashed with yours. But I’ve realized that doing so wasn’t benefiting you, and most of all, it wasn’t benefiting me, either.”</p>

      <p>“Uh...” Aki bit down on her lip so hard she nearly drew blood.</p>

      <p>“Do you hate this Haruto, Aki?”</p>

      <p>“...The one I hate is Amakawa Haruto.”</p>

      <p>“Those are illogical emotions. You know that yourself, don’t you? That Haru-kun was just a child like us at the time. If anything, he tried to return to us when he entered high school,” Miharu said, expressing the feelings she had kept pent up until now to Aki.</p>

      <p>“...” Aki fell silent, her expression bitter.</p>

      <p>“But that means you don’t hate Haruto, then...” Miharu said, sounding slightly relieved.</p>

      <p>“...I don’t know,” Aki muttered.</p>

      <p>“You don’t know?” Miharu asked carefully.</p>

      <p>“Haruto is our savior, and I’ve respected him until now as a wonderful person, so I can’t hate him. But I hate Amakawa Haruto. That’s why I don’t know what to do... Whether I like him or hate him, I just don’t know. That’s right—it’s illogical! I’m illogical! But I can’t help it! Even the mention of his name pisses me off!” Anger rose in Aki as she spoke, causing her to start yelling.</p>

      <p>“Aki...” Miharu’s face clouded over with sadness.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. Please leave. I don’t think I can speak calmly even to you right now,” Aki spat out in a prickly tone, as though she was suppressing the simmering rage within her.</p>

      <p>“...” Miharu had said what she needed to say, but she gave pause anyway, wondering if there was something more she could say.</p>

      <p>“Get out, please!” Aki yelled, her anger exploding.</p>

      <p>“Will you talk to me again after you’ve calmed down?” Miharu asked softly but firmly.</p>

      <p>“Fine!” Aki’s response was near-hysterical. Without saying another word, Miharu turned on her heel and left the room.</p>

      <p>“I want to see you soon, brother...” Aki muttered to herself sorrowfully once she was alone.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>The first thing Miharu saw after leaving Aki’s room and returning to the living room was Rio being pressed against Aishia and Latifa, who was sniffing his body as she clung to him.</p>

      <p>Miharu’s eyes widened in shock. It was the usual warm, pleasant scene of their daily lives. However, it was a scene she couldn’t see while they were at the castle. Even though they had only stayed in the castle for a few days, she had missed seeing this so much.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, if I lived apart from Haruto, I wouldn’t be able to see this anymore, either...</em> Miharu watched the ordinary scene unfold before her, cherishing the sight of it. Her mind had been so occupied with the problem between Rio and Aki, she had forgotten how precious everyone here was to her, too.</p>

      <p>She knew that, realistically, it would be difficult to stay with everyone forever. But she didn’t want to lose the life she had here. Miharu felt strongly about it.</p>

      <p>“Miharu, are you done already?” Sara noticed Miharu standing at the edge of the living room and walked up to her.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. What was that commotion out here?” Miharu watched Rio and the others with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Latifa suddenly brought up how the scent of unknown women was hanging on Rio’s body. According to Rio, they were just his dance partners at the banquet,” Sara sighed tiredly.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha. If it’s an unfamiliar scent, it might be Princess Charlotte’s. She was sticking fairly close to Haruto the whole night...” Miharu remembered how she hadn’t been able to dance with Rio at the banquet and smiled a little sadly.</p>

      <p>“I see. More importantly, this is something everyone told Rio just now, but we’ll always be here to listen to your worries. Don’t be a stranger and lean on us, too. We’re a family, after all.” Sara made use of all her natural leadership to appear dignified and reliable to Miharu.</p>

      <p>“...Yeah. Thank you.” Miharu broke into a happy smile, nodding obediently.</p>

      <p>“Good. Now, shall we go back?”</p>

      <p>“Yup,” Miharu replied. Sara brought her to the middle of the living room.</p>

      <p>“Miharu, Sara, come sit here.” As usual, Orphia took the initiative to beckon them into seats nearby. Having just had that exchange earlier, they were feeling strangely conscious of each other, so they were very grateful to carry on without worry or awkwardness. A normal interaction—it was a very precious thing.</p>

      <p>Then, once Miharu and Sara sat down—</p>

      <p>“Miharu, how did it go with Aki?” Rio asked. He must have been worried. Whether that worry came from Haruto, or whether it came from Haru-kun, Miharu still didn’t know...</p>

      <p>“...Right. I said what I had to say, but her heart hasn’t adjusted to it all yet, so she’ll talk to me after she calms down. I’ll try to talk to her again later, too.” The issue would be solved one day for sure, Miharu decided as she informed Rio of Aki’s state. Rio gave a slightly weak smile as he bowed his head at Miharu.</p>

      <p>“...I understand. Thank you.”</p>

      <p>After that, they discussed how they would bring Aki and Masato to the castle the next day. Aki refused to look at or talk to Rio, up until Rio and Miharu returned to the castle.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>