<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Let’s set aside the matter of who you should be with for a moment. It’s not a problem that can be solved right now, and I want to talk more about Aki too. Let me be frank: Aki hates Haruto, doesn’t she? That’s the feeling I got when I saw her reaction to my name when we met, and on a few occasions when we’ve interacted...”</p>

      <p>Miharu was silent for a moment, but eventually put her feelings to the side and nodded slowly. “...Yes, she does.”</p>

      <p>“I think Aki should hear about my past life as Haruto from me directly, but I was hoping to hear your thoughts about how Aki would react and why she feels such hatred for Haruto in the first place,” Rio said.</p>

      <p>“Haru... Rio.” Miharu was about to call him Haru-kun, or perhaps Haruto, before correcting herself.</p>

      <p>“You can continue to call me Haruto. It’d be a problem if someone heard me being called Rio.” Rio averted his eyes awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“Haruto, how much do you know about what happened to Aki after your parents divorced?”</p>

      <p>“Practically nothing. My father made sure I knew nothing about my mother until I turned twenty. The one time I met my mother after I turned twenty, I asked about Aki and was told she was doing well, so I never imagined she’d appeared in this world alongside you.”</p>

      <p>“I... see. Aki gets really emotional when it comes to the topic of her father and Haru-kun. One time, I made her really angry about it and she ended up in tears... I’ve avoided talking about Haru-kun in front of Aki ever since. That’s why... this is only my assumption, but...”</p>

      <p>“Will you tell me anyway?” Rio asked, watching Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Aki really loved Haru-kun and her father... So I think she was really sad and lonely when the two of them moved away so suddenly, without any explanation. She was only four back then, so she didn’t understand why they’d left. It must have hurt so much waiting for two people who never returned...” Miharu said with a frown.</p>

      <p>“I see...” Rio processed her words with a quiet expression. However, if she had only been sad, that didn’t explain why she felt so much unfounded anger towards Haruto.</p>

      <p>“Also, at the time, Yuki... your mother also struggled with the divorce a lot, and work didn’t seem to be going smoothly for her, so she ended up falling ill. Aki was upset that you two didn’t return even after that, which gradually turned into anger...” Miharu added, explaining why Aki’s anger had manifested. Yuki was Aki and Haruto’s mother.</p>

      <p>“...Does Aki know why our parents divorced now?” Rio asked after a moment of hesitation.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, I don’t know. The topic of the divorce has become taboo with her,” Miharu shook her head apologetically.</p>

      <p>“I see... But it’s possible she hasn’t been told,” said Rio.</p>

      <p>“How can you tell?” Miharu asked with wide eyes.</p>

      <p>“...I only heard from my father after I grew up, but they divorced because of my mother’s infidelity. Aki isn’t my father’s daughter,” Rio said rather uncomfortably. He had hesitated telling Miharu, but ultimately decided it was better for her to be informed.</p>

      <p>“Huh...?” Miharu fell speechless, eyes wide with shock.</p>

      <p>“Haruto and Aki were actually half-siblings. That’s why my father was so enraged that they divorced. I don’t think my mother would have told that to Aki directly, though.” The fault lay on the one who had been cheating, but Aki was born as a result. Aki could possibly end up blaming herself for her parents’ divorce, so at the very least, it wasn’t something that Aki could have been told during her younger years.</p>

      <p>“...U-Umm, I think Aki knows that the anger she feels for Haru-kun is baseless and illogical. She just can’t control her emotions well, so... I’m sorry.” Miharu seemed to feel somewhat responsible, as she hung her head gloomily.</p>

      <p>“Why are you apologizing? It’s not something even Aki should be apologizing for,” Rio said with a forced smile.</p>

      <p>“I’ve been acting like Aki’s older sister, yet I couldn’t do anything more than watch everything unfold...” She had avoided the topic of Haruto out of fear of ruining her relationship with Aki—out of fear of making Aki even angrier. Miharu felt guilty.</p>

      <p>“I’m not one to talk, having memories of Haruto, who never did anything relatively brotherly. But if I had been in your place, I would have only been able to watch as well. Thank you. For being beside Aki, in place of the brother that left her.” Rio’s Haruto side showed through strongly as he thanked Miharu.</p>

      <p>“...” Seeing that face on him made Miharu grimace with sadness. For a moment, Rio’s appearance overlapped with that of the grown up Haruto she’d seen in her dream.</p>

      <p>Moments like this was why Miharu couldn’t help but overlap Rio with Haruto. The person in question insisted they were different people, but Miharu still hadn’t accepted that completely. But the things Rio had explained couldn’t be dismissed outright as being incorrect, which made it worse.</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter?” Rio peered at Miharu’s face and cocked his head in question.</p>

      <p>“No... it’s nothing.” Miharu stifled the emotions she had yet to process and shook her head with a forced smile.</p>

      <p>“I was hoping you could sit in when I tell Aki about my past life. If her reaction is particularly strong, you may need to step in...”</p>

      <p>“Of course. But let me think a little longer about what would be the best way to tell her.”</p>

      <p>“Sure. I don’t mind if you discuss with Satsuki about how much of what we’ve discussed now should be revealed, and to whom. Please organize your thoughts,” Rio said, looking a little sad. After that, Miharu headed for Satsuki’s room so that the two of them could talk for a while.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, in King Francois’ office, Prince Michel had brought his sister, Charlotte—or rather, she had followed of her own accord—to somewhat forcefully request an audience with their father.</p>

      <p>Michel entered the room with permission and sat down in a chair in the office. “If I may be so forward, Father, what were you thinking?” he asked with a displeased expression.</p>

      <p>“My priority is the kingdom’s well-being,” Francois replied flatly, eyes not leaving the documents he was looking at. Michel shrank back at that.</p>

      <p>“What... are you saying?”</p>

      <p>“I could ask you the same. What are you trying to say?” Francois finally raised his head, looking directly at his son.</p>

      <p>“I-I simply stated that I cannot understand the reason why you would give that man of unknown background the title of an honorable knight, Father,” Michel admonished, his voice strangely high-pitched.</p>

      <p>“It should be obvious. It was for the benefit of the kingdom,” Francois said frankly.</p>

      <p>“...I cannot understand it at all. Though it may be a modern title, an honorable knight has the same social position as a count! While our customs do allow people of foreign nationality to be given status, that is a tradition assumed for nobles of our kingdom when they marry into a foreign kingdom. It’s unheard of for a vagabond who isn’t even nobility to be bestowed such a thing. You could have just given him money or goods. And on top of that, you let him stay multiple nights in Satsuki’s quarters...” Michel grimaced.</p>

      <p>“Mm,” Francois scoffed in amusement.</p>

      <p>“W-What’s so funny?”</p>

      <p>“Michel. I waited for you for several months—to see if you could make Satsuki fall for you. But the result was clear: you couldn’t. Day by day, Satsuki’s mind was closing off more and more and focusing only towards the outside world. That is why I went ahead with the banquet.”</p>

      <p>“...To help find Satsuki’s friends and regain her good graces?” Michel asked with a sullen face.</p>

      <p>“That is another reason. But that was only the short-term goal. If we were to look at it from a long-term perspective, it would be more precise to say it was in order to tie Satsuki down to our kingdom. And if she cannot be tied with romance, then we simply have to explore the other options. The banquet was ideal for that.”</p>

      <p>“Should it not be our duty as royalty to secure the hero to the kingdom?”</p>

      <p>“That’s why I waited for you. For several months, at that. Satsuki is a woman with sharp senses. How do you think she would react if I supplied her with other royalty besides you at this point?”</p>

      <p>“B-But we’d also have a problem if all her attention is directed elsewhere. Even if he is the savior of Satsuki’s good friend, I cannot understand the purpose of letting an unknown commoner get so close. If that were to be the case, then I...”</p>

      <p>“Mmm. Are you against the idea of Satsuki growing close to men other than you, Michel?” Francois scoffed once more, watching his son’s face.</p>

      <p>“Wha...?!” Michel turned red, as he scrambled for words.</p>

      <p>“I believe I ordered you to catch Satsuki’s attention and earn her trust... but instead of making her fall for you, you ended up falling for her instead. How adorable,” Francois chuckled.</p>

      <p>“T-That’s not true!”</p>

      <p>“Did you think you could fool me? Your thoughts are perfectly clear to me. The fact that Satsuki isn’t drawn to you at all is, too. But you are aware of that yourself, no?”</p>

      <p>“Ugh...” Michel was unable to refute that.</p>

      <p>“A hero is a symbol of religious belief, but at the same time they are an extremely powerful political stimulant. Thus, integrating the hero into the kingdom’s politics smoothly can produce wonderful effects, but doing so improperly can bring the kingdom chaos. You are more than aware of this too, no?”</p>

      <p>“...Yes,” Michel nodded sternly.</p>

      <p>“A successful marriage is one way of tackling this in a way that can give the greatest results, but the other side is a hero. It would be absolutely forbidden to force her into an undesired political marriage like any other daughter of royalty or nobility. More than anything, Satsuki herself doesn’t seem to accept the concept of political marriages that ignore the will of the people involved. It is more desirable to have Satsuki align herself with our kingdom on her own,” Francois said, while thinking.</p>

      <p><em>Well, it would have been a different matter if Satsuki had been a man, </em>Francois thought. “If there’s no hope for you, back away before you’re shunned. A man who cannot give up will be hated, understand? I’m sure you’ve realized what kind of person Satsuki is from these last few months,” Francois added, taking a stab at Michel’s pride.</p>

      <p>“Ugh... I-I am aware.” Michel seemed to calm down a little at those words, swallowing his emotions as he nodded.</p>

      <p>“That is good to hear. Having said this much, I’m sure you understand that my actions until now were made with the purpose of keeping Satsuki within this kingdom by way of her own will?”</p>

      <p>“Of course, I have no objections to that goal.”</p>

      <p>“But you don’t approve of the means, hmm? Though you understand this much, you still seem to place too much emphasis on social statuses. Heroes are disciples who embody the might of the Six Wise Gods. For us, people who maintain power through that might, their existences are far outside the standard. It would be the poorest plan of action to forcefully control them. The norms aren’t always the correct answer. If there is an effective way to entrap Satsuki, then you need to throw away your preexisting notions and values and use those methods aggressively.”</p>

      <p>“So that’s why you orchestrated the banquet and the resulting appearance of Miharu and Takahisa... as well as Haruto, Father?” When Michel said the name Haruto, his face twitched slightly.</p>

      <p>“That’s right,” Francois replied immediately.</p>

      <p>“However, I do not understand what the connection is between keeping Satsuki within this kingdom and having Haruto stay in Satsuki’s rooms, going as far as to give him the title of an honorary knight. Wouldn’t it have been enough to keep Miharu here too?” Michel asked.</p>

      <p>“Miharu appeared from the same world as Satsuki. Though she isn’t a hero, Miharu has a longstanding relationship with her. But that doesn’t mean we can deem her to be unrelated to the Six Wise Gods and treat her lightly, no? Because that would only upset Satsuki.”</p>

      <p>“So that’s why you focused on Haruto...”</p>

      <p>“Haruto was of remarkable character to begin with. Even without his relationship with Satsuki factored in, it would have been difficult to pass that up. It seems like Satsuki has also taken a fair liking to Haruto, too. Isn’t that right, Charlotte?” It was at this point that Francois finally addressed Charlotte, who had been listening in silence.</p>

      <p>“Yes, Lady Satsuki has been a different person these last few days. Of course, while reuniting Lady Miharu played a part of it, I believe it is undeniable that Sir Haruto had an effect too. Lady Satsuki herself has said he was like a friend of many years, and while it was canceled due to the intrusion, she wasn’t against the idea of a dance with him.” Charlotte happily reported on the things she’d observed carefully from Satsuki during the banquet.</p>

      <p>“There you have it.” Francois smiled with delight.</p>

      <p>“...I understand.” Michel finally accepted this, nodding as the strength drained from his shoulders.</p>

      <p>“Good. Be open-minded, Michel. If you show the composure to support Haruto, you may even get Satsuki to change the way she sees you,” Francois said with a grin. Michel’s face turned red.</p>

      <p>“W-What are you saying?!”</p>

      <p>“Ha. The situation is growing more complicated right now, but I don’t intend on stopping your actions as long as you act within your status. If you notice anything about Satsuki in the future, continue to report to me.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, I understand. I shall excuse myself now. Let’s go, Charlotte.” Michel nodded with a strained voice, before turning and leaving with Charlotte.</p>

      <p>“No, Charlotte—you stay. I have something I wish to discuss. You may leave, Michel.”</p>

      <p>“...I understand. See you later, then, Charlotte.” Michel nodded before departing. He was a little curious as to what Francois had to talk to Charlotte about, but he could always ask her later.</p>

      <p>Thus, father and daughter were left alone. “Wonderfully handled as always, Father. You understand how to mobilize my brother perfectly. The way you worded it leaves him no choice but to accept Sir Haruto,” Charlotte said with a giggle.</p>

      <p>“He lacks the flexible thinking that comes with more experience. As long as he is shown the right way, he is able to think logically.”</p>

      <p>“I shall follow your example.”</p>

      <p>“Hah, you jest.” Francois smiled smugly.</p>

      <p>“So does the reason why you called me back have something to do with Lady Satsuki after all? I reported to you last night about the relationships surrounding Lady Satsuki.” She was referring to Miharu and Haruto, of course, but also Takahisa, who had joined them as of last night.</p>

      <p>“This is a result of my thoughts about that report. If someone as cautious as Satsuki could open her heart to Haruto so rapidly, then we simply must make use of that connection. The once-deadlocked political situation has finally begun to move. Even though the hardheaded nobles will surely disapprove...”</p>

      <p>“So that was what the title of a new honorary knight was for,” Charlotte said with a knowing look.</p>

      <p>“With such notable achievements, those stubborn fools won’t be able to object. Though he was building upon his existing feats, Haruto showed us just how splendid his military exploits are at the banquet.” Francois grinned. In other words, his goal was to use Haruto as the intermediary connecting Satsuki to the Galarc Kingdom.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Then am I right in assuming my role from here on out is to indirectly push Lady Satsuki toward Sir Haruto, consequently forming a connection of trust with our kingdom?” Charlotte beamed happily.</p>

      <p>“That is correct. However, it is Satsuki you are dealing with. Hasty actions will only trigger her to become cautious. Restrain your actions only to what is natural, so that she moves freely of her own will. I shall leave the method to you.”</p>

      <p>“Oh?” Charlotte’s eyes sparkled even brighter at that.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>