<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Yahhaahhh! Say my name!</p>

      <p>Firehead</p>

      <p>⇒ Birdon</p>

      <p>Bomberhead</p>

      <p>Whyyyyy?!</p>

      <p>Hello, everyone. So we meet again. It’s Firehead. This time it’s the afterword of <em>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 3</em>. I’m living on the line of just barely not being cut. I’m planning to have the series finished in about six or seven volumes, so if I can manage to not get dropped before then, I’ll consider this whole thing a great success. If I do get dropped, though, please laugh it off, and just say that I needed to get it together.</p>

      <p>Now then, let me brag to you about the contradictions in this story here in the afterword pages, where no one will benefit.</p>

      <p>Contradictions are something that always happen when anyone tries to write a story. Consistency relies entirely on the writer’s strength of memory, after all, given that you’re writing something entirely out of your imagination. If the writer ever forgets a single detail of what they wrote, that can create a contradiction. It’s really hard to get perfect. If the writer’s memory fails, so does that same part of the world they’ve built. If the writer makes a mistake, the fictional world goes right along with them. If a character is established as a man, then that character is, of course, a man, and will be as long as the characterization stays. They’ll enter the men’s bath, and they’ll have a deagle between their legs.</p>

      <p>But just like Schrödinger’s cat, as long as the readers don’t ‘observe’ something, it’s not definite. In other words, as long as the readers don’t ‘see’ that the character is a man, then it’s possible for the character to be revealed as a woman later on. Creators are just like that. If a fact is observed and then breached, then that is when a contradiction is created. In that event, I’ll hurriedly paint over it with a new fact to try to smooth things over.</p>

      <p>Take the “Bull” of the Twelve Heavenly Stars for example. I’ve already made a mistake with his name. I forgot that I’d already named him “Tauros” and wrote his name as “Taurus” in this volume. As of the writing of this afterword, I was already told by my editor, “Taurus is fine,” through laughter. Only now do I realize why.</p>

      <p>I feel like I totally messed up. If this were a web novel, then I could just edit that back in afterwards, but that doesn’t fly in print.</p>

      <p>So what do I do? That’s when I had an idea.</p>

      <p>—That’s right. Let’s just make it a joke that the Bull is bothered by how often people get his name wrong! It’s an annoying distinction anyway, and even I as the writer got it wrong, so it’s fine if Lufas and the others do, too, right? That’s what I think, anyway.</p>

      <p>By doing that... Oh my, how mysterious! Both Taurus and Tauros are suddenly correct! I mean, the characters themselves are getting it wrong, too. On top of that, Taurus gains a “My master doesn’t remember my name,” trait and thus sets his character off on a strange arc.</p>

      <p>Great, it all worked out. (I swear) Basically all the things I write turn out like this. Contradiction gets piled on top of contradiction, and I’m just trying to cover it all up like a criminal in the Ace Attorney series.</p>

      <p>So, Phoe〇ix Wright, show us your evidence! I’ve been waiting for that chance! Objection! Take this! If that ever happened, I wouldn’t even be able to argue. I’d just be found guilty and carted off to prison.</p>

      <p>Now then, of all the new characters that appeared in this volume, I’d have to say that my favorite is Friedrich. While he was named in volume 1 as the Sword Saint (lol), he’s really just a misfortunate tiger. Even though he’s hailed as humanity’s strongest in this era, he’s nothing much from Lufas’ perspective. Not to mention, Benetnasch exists, too, so he ends up being a character where his fame and his actual ability don’t match up. I already knew from the start that he wouldn’t even be strong enough to be considered an underdog.</p>

      <p>That’s why I decided to specialize him in jokes, which turned him into the tiger/Sword Saint you see now. I myself am really satisfied with how the character turned out, and I think I did a pretty good job of making him stand out. If he was just a regular hot swordsman, then he’d probably be even less memorable than Dina.</p>

      <p>Also, Sei unexpectedly stood out a lot, too. I’d always had him in the role of a victim (hero) who was troubled, because he was called into such a ridiculous world, but he’s trying pretty hard to find his own way. Sure, I get that people might not like the fact that he threw away the defeat-Lufas route for the peaceful route so quickly, but it’s the right choice to make in-universe, so... I don’t know if he’ll be able to successfully mediate between Lufas and the rest of humanity, but I’d like it if all of you cheered him on.</p>

      <p>There were also a bunch of other important characters who debuted in this volume like the Devil King, Scorpius, Virgo, and Parthenos. It’d be great if you cheered them on, too.</p>

      <p>...Ah, and don’t forget the Crab.</p>

      <p>Lufas? Ahh, you don’t really have to cheer her on. Even without main-character levels of plot armor, she’d still be able to take out most enemies with a single flick to the forehead with how oppressive her stats are. In fact, you should try to bolster her enemies.</p>

      <p>That’s just what <em>A Wild Last Boss Appeared!</em> is like. So if you all like, it’d be great if you’d keep reading.</p>

      <p class="signature">-Birdon</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>