<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_4">
    <div class="main">
      <p>But while I was still processing what had just happened to me, I was returned to my former position, and Karkinos ended things off by kneeling before me, taking my hand, and kissing the back of it while I was still reeling from what he’d just done to me.</p>

      <p><em>Having that done to me by a man feels kinda creepy...</em></p>

      <p>“Thank you for coming home, my beautiful master. My gratitude for this wonderful reunion. And once again, I offer you my undying love and loyalty, which hasn’t changed even after two hundred yea—” Karkinos continued to speak, but his speech was suddenly cut off.</p>

      <p>The reason for that was simple. Libra had expressionlessly pointed her blade of light at Karkinos’ throat.</p>

      <p>“...H-Heyyy... So Y O U were here, too, Libra...”</p>

      <p>“It has been a long time, Karkinos. Excuse me for setting aside the pleasantries, but I will have your defense for putting your arm around Master’s waist without permission.”</p>

      <p>“Umm, well, you see... M E and Y O U are comrades, no? So why not overlook this one instance...”</p>

      <p>“So those are your last words? Understood.”</p>

      <p>“NOOOOOOOOO?!”</p>

      <p>Libra didn’t hesitate to swing her sword, but Karkinos dodged it by doing a bridge. He then opened up some distance by moving in that position like a crab.</p>

      <p>Karkinos quickly stood back up once he got away, but Libra was already on him and attacking.</p>

      <p>I heaved a sigh as I watched Karkinos run around avoiding Libra while shouting, “Ｈｅｌｐ！”</p>

      <p><em>...Why are none of the Twelve Heavenly Stars normal...?</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>【<b>Twelve Heavenly Stars: Karkinos</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 800</p>

      <p>【Race】: King Crab</p>

      <p>【Attribute】: Earth</p>

      <p>【HP】: 105000</p>

      <p>【SP】: 4500</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 4850</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 2228</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 10503</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 1180</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 2134</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 4160</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 4050<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Yep. He’s tough.</em></p>

      <p>Seeing Karkinos’ stats, I was once again impressed by his toughness. The VIT stat was a measure of how much of an enemy’s attacks a person could withstand, according to the game. Basically, it was the defense stat. High VIT = a tough body = hard to kill.</p>

      <p>So, Karkinos had the toughest defense among all of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, and these were his stats. His VIT stat alone matched mine, as a stat-boosting level 1000 player. He had a huge amount of HP, too.</p>

      <p>Karkinos and Libra’s game of tag had settled down for the moment, so I took the chance to ask Karkinos, “So, what were you doing in a place like this?”</p>

      <p>All of us were sitting in front of the counter with crab soup that Karkinos had made in front of us.</p>

      <p><em>Yep. It tastes like crab. I wonder just how he managed to get crab in a place like this...</em></p>

      <p><em>No way. Did he actually serve up parts of himself?</em></p>

      <p>Karkinos looked like a human at the moment, but he followed the trend of the Twelve Heavenly Stars and was a monster. His real form was that of a giant crab. His species name was king crab. King crabs were the strongest monsters that crabs were able to mutate into. They had stupidly tough defenses and annoying counter abilities which had made many a player suffer.</p>

      <p><em>It’s impossible for him to cut off pieces of himself...</em></p>

      <p>But Virgo said, “Ah. This is barometz.”</p>

      <p>I looked to my side and saw Aries looking pale, since he’d already started eating.</p>

      <p><em>Hey now, Karkinos. What’re you thinking, committing fraud like this?! Don’t pretend barometz is crab!</em></p>

      <p>“Nicely spotted! After Miss Lufas was defeated, M E started to travel around the different countries to gather information, believing that the day would come when my master revived. But at some point, I realized that it would be better to make a place where information gathers rather than go around gathering information myself.”</p>

      <p>“And thus the restaurant?”</p>

      <p>“Ｙｅｓ、Ｔｈａｔ’ｓｒｉｇｈｔ. Sometimes in Hrotti, other times in Ydalir or possibly Svel. And right now, in Blutgang. I’ve gone around every country, set up shops, and collected information, believing that one day, I would hear something that would lead to Miss Lufas’ revival.”</p>

      <p>“And while you were doing that, We came in.”</p>

      <p>“Ｙｅｓ、Ｙｅｓ、Ｙｅｓ！ M E felt destiny in our encounter! It proves that M E and Miss Lufas are bound by a red string as master and servant!”</p>

      <p><em>Hmm... Well, the idea itself isn’t bad, I think...</em></p>

      <p>His mistake lay in setting up shop in Blutgang, a capital that was literally enclosed and separated from the outside world. For example, if he’d stayed in the trade city of Ydalir, where merchants and travelers from every country visited, then he probably would have heard of my revival much earlier, and we’d probably have reunited much faster. The idea itself wasn’t bad. He’d just made a critical mistake in his choice of location. <em>If I told him that, he’d probably get depressed, though, so I won’t.</em></p>

      <p>“You’ve completely failed in your location selection. If you were going to open up a shop, you should have done so in Ydalir.”</p>

      <p>As soon as I’d finished processing my thoughts, Libra went and said exactly what I hadn’t been going to. Karkinos froze in shock, and just like that, he fell to the floor.</p>

      <p>“...To tell you the truth, M E was beginning to notice my mistake already... M E thought, ‘I’m really getting no information here...’”</p>

      <p>“Come on, you should have noticed a long time ago. You’re as stupid as always, Karkinos.” Aries mercilessly dealt a follow-up blow to Karkinos, who was already down for the count. Aries was always honest, or rather, he’d always spit out harsh truths without hesitation. But his words were sharper than usual this time. He was probably mad about being tricked and fed barometz as crab.</p>

      <p>At any rate, we’d now managed to link up with Karkinos.</p>

      <p>I’d started getting used to the pattern of every single one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars stirring up some sort of trouble, but this time, it’d gone surprisingly smoothly.</p>

      <p><em>...It’d be great if the rest of them aren’t weird as well, though...</em></p>

      <h2>19</h2>

      <p>Apparently Karkinos’ communication skills ranked pretty highly among the Twelve Heavenly Stars. After that, he started a friendly (?) conversation with Aries, Libra, and Aigokeros, and even though Libra took several swings at him, the atmosphere was lively.</p>

      <p>But Virgo, the new member, was unable to force herself into the circle, so she just watched from the sidelines. She might have only been holding back so as not to ruin a reunion between comrades, but to me, it looked like she wasn’t quite blending in as the only normal person with common sense in a group of people with...colorful...personalities.</p>

      <p>Leaving the others alone to their revels, I sat down next to Virgo. “Not going to join them?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, Miss Lufas.”</p>

      <p>Virgo had been half-forced by Parthenos into coming with us. In other words, she hadn’t quite come of her own free will, unlike everyone else. We’d basically dragged her out of her peaceful life, so I was a little worried about her. I didn’t want this trip to be a painful experience for her.</p>

      <p>“No, I’m fine over here... They’re all such amazing people, after all. I don’t think someone as low leveled as me will be any use. And as for skills, I’m basically a worse version of Dina...”</p>

      <p>Virgo was right. Although their attributes were different, Virgo and Dina’s roles overlapped. They were both back line supporters, but while Dina could use both magic and heaven-arts, Virgo could only use heaven-arts. On top of that, Dina had both the Water and Metal attributes, and she was INT specialized, with her INT stat being over 1000. She could even use the broken skill Exgate, so she could not only negate long-range attacks by herself, she could keep her distance from attackers very easily, so she didn’t really need much protection from front-liners.</p>

      <p><em>What the hell? Now that I think about it, Dina’s basically cheating. Get nerfed, dammit.</em></p>

      <p>But anyway, Virgo should actually have been able to rival Dina depending on how she was trained. While the heaven-winged couldn’t use magic, their base stats were high, so it was easy to become a tough back-liner, which was a really good role. From that perspective, Virgo had more than enough potential to rival Dina.</p>

      <p>“There’s no need to be in such a hurry. You’re the successor chosen by Parthenos herself. You’ll be able to match up to them in time.”</p>

      <p>“Do you really think so?”</p>

      <p>“She’s right, little lady. You should stop looking so down.”</p>

      <p>An incredibly nice, masculine voice butted into my conversation with Virgo. I didn’t recognize the voice, either. Wondering just who that voice came from, I turned towards it and saw a barometz awaiting cooking. The plant was growing in a flowerpot, and a sheep’s head poked out of the too-large bud to talk.</p>

      <p>“...Can monsters talk?”</p>

      <p>“Hey now, black-winged lady. You’re saying some strange things there. Of course monsters can talk. Even orcs babble like brooks, don’t they?”</p>

      <p><em>...Yeah, fine. They do talk, don’t they? Actually, now that I think about it, Aries and Aigokeros and the others are monsters, and they talk, too.</em></p>

      <p>The barometz sounded like a really masculine dandy for no reason. He continued to talk. “Don’t think about it too hard, little lady. No one’s useless. Everybody’s good at something. They all have one area where they shine. You will definitely find what makes you sparkle, even if you’re not sparkling now. So stop talking yourself down. It doesn’t suit your cute face.”</p>

      <p><em>Why the hell is food waiting to be cooked making so much sense? Why is it that he’s making so much sense, but it makes me mad?</em></p>

      <p>“I’m the same. I may be an impractical monster that can’t even move, but by being cooked and eaten, I can bring smiles to people’s faces. I shine on top of a dining table.”</p>

      <p>“M-Mr. Barometz...”</p>

      <p>“Are you really okay with that?”</p>

      <p><em>Oh no. I don’t even know where to begin...</em></p>

      <p>I looked at the barometz without saying anything. When Karkinos finished his conversation with Aries and the others, he came over and gripped it by the head.</p>

      <p>“Miss Lufas, M E will now be going to smoke all the barometzes in preparation to join your journey. Please, wait a little while for me,” Karkinos said before walking back to the kitchen. Apparently he was going to be making preserved food for our journey.</p>

      <p>The barometz said, “Lass, believe in your own potential!” as he was taken away, and eventually, we heard him no longer.</p>

      <p><em>He’ll surely become some delicious food and help us in the future. ...He was a good guy. Yeah.</em></p>

      <p><em>At any rate, Dina’s being awfully well-behaved today, isn’t she? It’s like she’s preparing for something...so that she’ll be able to move immediately when it comes. She seems like she’s waiting for something to come...or rather, to occur.</em></p>

      <p><em>...Or am I just being too suspicious of her?</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>A single girl walked through the wasteland. She was a beautiful girl with an attractive figure, and her looks suggested she was only in her early 20s. She wore black bondage gear that exposed a lot of skin. On top of that was a black coat with fur trimming, which she wore without using the sleeves. Her lips were coated with purple lipstick, and on her left cheek was a tattoo of a black wing on top of a deep-crimson heart. Her hair was tied up into a tail on top of her head, but it still reached all the way down to her feet anyway, and the tip looked like a scorpion’s tail. Actually, it didn’t just look like one. It actually <em>was</em> a scorpion’s tail. Somehow, the soft hair hardened as it got closer to the end. And by the tip, it was completely a scorpion’s tail.</p>

      <p>Described in one word, she would be a “maneater.” She would use her enticing body to attract men before poisoning and consuming them. And she walked around without even trying to conceal that.</p>

      <p>Her name was Scorpius. She was the poison specialist of the Twelve Heavenly Stars. And her gaze was pointed directly at the steel city built by one of her most heinous enemies, the Seven Heroes, who had once betrayed her master.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, I’ve never seen a more tasteless capital. No elegance at all. You all think so, too, right?” She spoke in a clingy, treacly voice, almost like she was drunk.</p>

      <p>The question was directed at the several thousand—no, tens of thousands—of monsters waiting behind her. These monsters weren’t weaklings borrowed from the devilfolk, either. They were an army of scorpions that were loyal to Scorpius herself.</p>

      <p>Her race was: Emperor Berserk Scorpion. And the ‘Emperor’ in her name wasn’t just for show. She was the ruler of all scorpions, the ultimate monster among all scorpion monsters that lived in the desert. Thus, the scorpion monsters were her children, her subordinates, and her limbs.</p>

      <p>Added to that was her own incredibly large fighting power. Her army had both quantity and quality. It was because she had both that she’d been able to fell Hrotti, which had been founded by the Adventurer King.</p>

      <p>Lufas misunderstood one thing. She thought that Hrotti hadn’t had much in the way of defenses. She wrongly believed that Hrotti hadn’t had something protecting it like Svel’s Levia, Laevateinn’s barrier, or Blutgang’s iron defenses.</p>

      <p>But she was wrong. Very wrong.</p>

      <p>Hrotti <em>had</em> had something protecting it. Something that had rivaled Levia.</p>

      <p>It would have been stranger for Phecda the Monster Tamer to not have left something behind. Before Phecda had passed away, he had chosen his four best monsters and left them as the country’s guardians. But they had been defeated, too. Scorpius had chewed through the defenses the Adventurer King had left behind, and her scorpion army had trampled through the rest of the country.</p>

      <p>And now she was after her next victim.</p>

      <p>“But what a perfect target Blutgang makes! I bet the poison will circulate fast trapped in a narrow space like that. Ahh...aahh... I’m so looking forward to it... I wonder how those dwarves will look as they die painfully? I bet they’ll die in despair after trying to run out of that cramped coffin, leaking blood from every orifice... Ahh, I can’t stand it! I think I’m getting wet.”</p>

      <p>Scorpius licked her lips seductively with her wet tongue.</p>

      <p><em>It’s only natural for humanity to suffer, </em>she thought.<em> In fact, they have a responsibility to suffer as they die. If they don’t, it won’t be any recompense for my master.</em></p>

      <p>Scorpius’ master had met her end due to betrayal by the very humanity that she had worked so hard for.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll never forgive them. Never!</em></p>

      <p>That was why Scorpius had gone berserk with rage. She’d thrown away her reason, morals, self-control, and any sense of order out of her own free will and had become a massacring fanatic.</p>

      <p><em>Struggle in agony as you drown in a pool of blood. Scream for me. Despair! Scream and wail so that your voices reach my most beloved master in the afterlife!</em></p>

      <p>This desire was all that motivated Scorpius now. To Scorpius, her master was everything. Her entire world consisted of being beside Lufas. Now that she’d lost that, she’d also lost all her goals and all meaning in living. Her only goal now was to avenge her fallen master, to make all the people who’d stolen Lufas’ life away die painfully. So Scorpius never hesitated and never pitied her victims.</p>

      <p><em>Women? Children? Babies? The elderly? Who cares?</em></p>

      <p><em>All of you can die in pain as equals.</em></p>

      <p>Her desire was so strong that she willingly fell into madness in order to plunge humanity into the depths of despair.</p>

      <p>Of course, her advance was noticed by Blutgang. She’d never had any intention to hide in the first place. It was only natural to be noticed if you were marching on a city with several tens of thousands of scorpions following you.</p>

      <p>On Blutgang’s highest floor, the 15th, the admiral entrusted with Blutgang’s control made a grim expression as he looked through the monitor at the scenery outside.</p>

      <p>Admiral... This was the highest rank in Blutgang’s military, and the one who had it was able to issue orders to the soldiers of all fifteen floors of Blutgang, making the admiral the city’s de facto leader. Of course, the royal family ranked higher in name. But all combat and travel decisions were left to the admiral. In effect, he held all the power and could be referred to as the leader.</p>

      <p>“So she’s here...that poisonous witch.”</p>

      <p>The admiral had white hair and was large for a dwarf. He was basically human-sized. He wore a blue military uniform, and his hat had five stars on it. He had a pipe in his mouth, and he sat unmoving in his chair. The admiral’s name was Jenner. While it was faint, he had royal blood running in him, and he was said to be the spitting image of Mizar from the olden days.</p>

      <p>Jenner was tense. But he wasn’t nervous. Ever since the day Hrotti had been destroyed, Jenner had expected this day to come. The 15th floor had already gone to stage one battle stations, and all his staff were ready and waiting.</p>

      <p>“Emergency announcement to all floors of Blutgang! We will now be engaging in battle with Scorpius the Scorpion of the Twelve Heavenly Stars!”</p>

      <p>“Emergency announcement received!”</p>

      <p>Obeying Jenner’s orders, one of his staff quickly took a mic in hand and repeated the message. The mic relayed the message to all areas of Blutgang, reaching the ears of everyone in the capital.</p>

      <p>None of the dwarves actually knew how the system worked. Since the skills of Mizar, the dwarves’ great ancestor, were far too advanced, almost all the technology used in Blutgang was like a black box. Even after two hundred years, not all of it was understood.</p>

      <p>“We’ll be making the first strike! Ready the cannons!”</p>

      <p>“Cannons ready!”</p>

      <p>“Cannons aimed!”</p>

      <p>“FIIIIRRRRRREEEEEEE!!!”</p>

      <p>With Jenner’s order as the trigger, all of Blutgang’s cannon ports opened fire at once. Many explosive sounds overlapped as the cannons fired in quick succession, pounding the scorpion army. But Scorpius, the most important target, didn’t seem fazed at all. She simply kept walking forward gracefully.</p>

      <p><em>It didn’t work? </em>the admiral thought.<em> No, she’s manipulating her hair like a tail and striking down the cannon rounds before they hit her!</em></p>

      <p>“No good! They’re not affecting her!”</p>

      <p>“I don’t care. Keep firing! Reduce their numbers!”</p>

      <p>“Admiral, the golem units are ready for deployment!”</p>

      <p>“Good. Send them out!”</p>

      <p>The gates of Blutgang opened, and a battalion of golems charged out with the accompanying metallic noises.</p>

      <p>Of course, the dwarves didn’t hold back and sent out not only their recently made golems, but even the high-level golems that Mizar had made himself two hundred years ago. There were rideable golems that dwarves piloted like suits of armor as well, and they all advanced fearlessly.</p>

      <p>“Chaarrggee!!” the dwarf in charge of the deployed forces shouted.</p>

      <p>The battalion of golems accelerated forward. The dwarves’ steel guardians knew no emotion such as fear as they gouged out the earth in their advance and charged into the monsters.</p>

      <p>“Strike them down!”</p>

      <p>On the other side, Scorpius ordered her subordinate scorpion monsters forward, and the two sides met in the middle.</p>

      <p>The battle looked to be evenly matched. Because both sides could not feel fear, neither side faltered or flinched. The fighters from both armies only thought of destroying their opponent and put their all into achieving just that. They stepped over their comrade’s corpses or wreckages to fight, and the numbers of both the golems and the monsters continued to dwindle.</p>

      <p>“Charge complete!”</p>

      <p>“Aim!”</p>

      <p>“Aimed and ready!”</p>

      <p>“Bombardment area confirmed!”</p>

      <p>“There are six hundred of them and only one hundred of us! All of our units are golems, and only one of them is made by Mizar!”</p>

      <p>“All right... Cannons, FIIRRRRREEEE!!”</p>

      <p>The dwarves didn’t mind sacrificing some of their own forces in order to shave away a large amount of the enemy’s power, as long as no living dwarves were among those sacrificed. Golems could just be made again. And while Mizar-made golems couldn’t be remade, there was still no room to hesitate. They couldn’t allow the chance to trade one hundred for six hundred to pass them by.</p>

      <p>Their aim was true, and while many golems were destroyed, even more monsters were reaped as payment.</p>

      <p>“Oh my. They involved their own army, too? How naughty.”</p>

      <p>With that move, the battle tilted slightly in Blutgang’s favor. No matter how strong monsters were, they knew neither strategy nor tactics. They were just a grouping of individual fighters. If both quantity and quality were equal, then the advantage went to the one with superior strategies. In war, strategy always carried great weight.</p>

      <p>However, Scorpius couldn’t be underestimated, since she had the power to turn the battle around by herself. That was why part of her group’s title was “Conquering.” It was the raison d’etre of the Twelve Heavenly Stars. And because she knew that, Scorpius wasn’t affected by what had just happened.</p>

      <p>“Then maybe I should play a little, too!”</p>

      <p>Scorpius’ expression was dyed in madness. With her eyes wide open, she smiled so wide the edges of her mouth reached her ears, warping her good looks into something ugly and terrifying as she leapt at the golem forces.</p>

      <p>As soon as the golems could register her hair—no, her tail—moving, they’d already been mowed down.</p>

      <p>Scorpius specialized in poison, but that didn’t mean her physical stats were low. This was especially true now that she had given herself to madness; the Berserk status was her normal state, which meant she was constantly buffed, and her attack power was boosted tremendously. Not even level 300 or 400 golems could withstand her attacks, much less lower-leveled ones.</p>

      <p>“Hey, how about this?! Or this?! Or this?!”</p>

      <p>Scorpius swung her tail at a speed that the eye couldn’t follow, turning golem after golem into mere wreckage. Even though she was being rushed by golems trying to stop her rampage, the numbers didn’t matter to her. Every attempt to slow her down ended the same way. Her fierce attack turned many high-level golems into scrap, and that loss instantly put Blutgang at a disadvantage.</p>

      <p>With the delicate balance of the battlefield crumbled, the avalanche of advancing monsters couldn’t be stopped, causing more and more golem losses. Anyone watching could instantly tell who would win the battle.</p>

      <p>“A-Admiral! We should transform Blutgang into assault mode!”</p>

      <p>“No! Don’t forget, she uses poison! If we get close, our citizens will die, even if we win! And that’s the same as losing!”</p>

      <p>“But, then what should we do?!”</p>

      <p>“Send in the Scales Corps! They’re our only hope!”</p>

      <p>“...! Roger! Deploying the Scales Corps!”</p>

      <p>Using Blutgang itself to attack was Blutgang’s final trump card. But the dwarves couldn’t use it in this fight. If they got close, they’d be poisoned, which would mean the death of their citizens.</p>

      <p>But Blutgang didn’t have only one trump card. There was one other: the Scales Corps.</p>

      <p>Four dolls bearing that title deployed from Blutgang, taking formation in the air.</p>

      <p>“Hm?” Scorpius looked up as if she felt no tension in this battle and saw the form of a nostalgic comrade. She saw Libra, the killer maid who belonged to the Twelve Heavenly Stars under the title “Scales.” Only, there were four Libras, and they were looking down at the monsters from the sky.</p>

      <p>“What? What is...? That’s not Libra.”</p>

      <p>“Target Acquired... Eliminating.”</p>

      <p>When Scorpius looked over, she noticed that they were colored differently. While Libra’s hair was brown, all four of the Libras Scorpius saw had white hair. But there were no other differences to Scorpius’ old comrade-in-arms. Furthermore, two of the Libras had a familiar weapon equipped.</p>

      <p>“Zuben El Genubi... Fire!”</p>

      <p>“Damn!!”</p>

      <p>They were using Libra’s primary long-range weapon, the right scale, Zuben El Genubi. Scorpius knew its power well.</p>

      <p>Two beams of light stabbed into the earth, flaring with sparks and instantly killing a large number of monsters.</p>

      <p>Scorpius managed to react in time and dodged. The other two Libras took advantage of the opening that created, approaching Scorpius through the smokescreen created by the first two.</p>

      <p>“Zuben Es Chamali.”</p>

      <p>The blades on their left arms could cut straight through steel and were another weapon familiar to Scorpius.</p>

      <p>Scorpius intercepted their attacks with her tail. But the two Libras quickly went around to the side and attempted another slash. One of the Libras’ blades managed to scratch Scorpius’ cheek, though it was close. However, they had definitely managed to wound her.</p>

      <h2>20</h2>

      <p>“...!”</p>

      <p>Scorpius showed a faint, miniscule amount of surprise and internally praised her enemy.</p>

      <p>Ever since that battle two hundred years ago, the average level of the world had declined an unnatural amount. So in this day and age, powerful fighters that could actually damage Scorpius were the rarest of the rare. Not even powerful monsters nor the devilfolk were worthy opponents for her. The only ones who would be able to wound Scorpius that she could think of were the other Twelve Heavenly Stars, the Vampire Princess, and the Devil King and his offspring.</p>

      <p>But somehow, some defective copy-Libras had managed to scratch her cheek. It was truly a surprise to Scorpius. She finally felt threatened by an enemy, something she hadn’t felt for a long time. And the enemy was on this battlefield, of all places.</p>

      <p>“Enemy has suffered light wounds. No change in fighting power. Continuing attack.”</p>

      <p>Having said that, both Libras jumped to either side of Scorpius. Right afterward, a beam of light pierced through the center.</p>

      <p>Scorpius once again dodged the beam. A second beam followed up the first attack, causing some of her composure to crumble away. But she was still one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars. Scorpius used her tail to deflect the beam, recovering her air of composure.</p>

      <p>“Oh...? So you aren’t just all looks. I’m a little surprised. You’re pretty good to be able to hurt me.” Scorpius wiped the blood flowing down her cheek with a finger and licked it off as she laughed.</p>

      <p><em>I see. So this is Blutgang’s trump card. They’re probably just imitations that Mizar made of the original Libra using the know-how he’d gotten from creating Libra.</em></p>

      <p>Even though they were imitations, they’d still been made by Mizar, so the weapons they used were ‘real.’ While they might have fallen somewhat short of the original, the weapons used just now were undoubtedly Libra’s right and left scales.</p>

      <p><em>It’s probably safe to assume they’re all at least level 700. How extravagant.</em></p>

      <p>The Libra copies were a legacy from two hundred years ago, one that could repel attacks from the devilfolk. Scorpius now understood how Blutgang hadn’t fallen until now.</p>

      <p>“But too bad... The original would have used Brachium by now, you know. How mysterious. How strange! Why wouldn’t you use it at this perfect opportunity, I wonder?”</p>

      <p>“............”</p>

      <p>“Heeheehee. You don’t have it, do you? You’re missing her most important weapon, aren’t you?”</p>

      <p>Brachium was most of Libra’s value and an incredibly terrifying weapon. It ignored resistances, attributes, and everything else as it delivered the maximum amount of damage to everyone trapped in its range. It was the best possible weapon of mass extermination. But that was only possible because the Goddess’ Scale had been used as material for Libra. There was no other way to give anyone that skill. These Libra imitations were as close to the original as possible, but they were missing the all-important base material. While they were well-made, they were still just imitations...and like all imitations, they fell short of the original.</p>

      <p>“You fools! Libra without her Brachium doesn’t even match up to one of my pincers!”</p>

      <p>The Libra copies were slightly troublesome enemies. But they weren’t threatening.</p>

      <p>Scorpius, not doubting her inevitable victory for even a second, stabbed at one of the mass-produced Libras with her tail faster than the speed of sound, skewering it.</p>

      <p>“This is bad! Support the Scales Corps!”</p>

      <p>Blutgang’s control room was currently wrapped in an unprecedented atmosphere of unease. They had experienced many monster attacks. They’d even seen attacks from the devilfolk more than once. But Blutgang had lasted through all of it. Most importantly, they had always had their trump card, the Scales Corps: four mass-produced versions of Libra of the Scales, one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars. While they didn’t have Brachium and could only equip one of Libra’s scale weapons, they were still level 700 and the highest class of golem. As long as they defended Blutgang, everyone felt a sense of security.</p>

      <p>But now, one of the Scales Corps had been pierced through before it could react. Since the Libra imitations were golems, the wound Scorpius dealt wasn’t fatal. In fact, the one she’d pierced through was still trying to attack, paying no heed to the hole in its body.</p>

      <p>The fight was steadily leaning towards the Scorpion.</p>

      <p>“No. If we make a mistake, we might shoot one of the mass-produced Libras!”</p>

      <p>“Dammit! ...Why? Why are they being dominated...? Even though they’re mass-produced, they’re still level 700! And there’s even four of them. They should have the advantage!”</p>

      <p>Judging based on their levels, the mass-produced Libras weren’t at a disadvantage. The dwarves had no way of knowing that the Scorpion had shattered her limits and reached level 900, but the fight still shouldn’t have been unwinnable for them.</p>

      <p>But in reality, the mass-produced Libras were being dominated. The Scorpion’s fierce attacks were pushing the Scales Corps back. The reason was their attribute matchup.</p>

      <p>The Scales corps—or rather, all golems—had their attributes determined by whatever materials were used in their construction. And most powerful golems were made of some sort of metal, which made their attribute Metal. On the other hand, the Scorpion’s attribute was Fire.</p>

      <p>During the past invasion of Svel, the guardian deity Levia had leveraged its attribute advantage to fight evenly with Aries, who should have been stronger. (Although given the materials used for Levia, it’d basically been able to cheat anyway and had exhibited more strength than its level suggested.) But now, the situation was the exact opposite. The superior fighter also had the attribute advantage. So the Scales Corps were gradually growing in their disadvantage.</p>

      <p>But, it didn’t stop there.</p>

      <p>“A-Admiral!”</p>

      <p>“What!”</p>

      <p>“T-Trouble! Several high magic responses in Blutgang’s First Floor Town... The devilfolk have infiltrated Blutgang!”</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“It’s gotten quite noisy, hasn’t it?”</p>

      <p>I opened the door of Karkinos’ eatery and looked around. An incredible noise had been coming from outside for a while now, and it sounded like cannons...</p>

      <p><em>Wait. It probably </em>is<em> cannons.</em></p>

      <p>The sound of explosions never stopped.</p>

      <p>Luckily, I knew what was happening already. A huge announcement had been broadcast through all of Blutgang, so there was no way I didn’t know. Apparently Scorpius was attacking Blutgang, and Blutgang was retaliating in force. But that wasn’t the only reason for the noise outside the restaurant.</p>

      <p>“Yes. They really appear just everywhere, don’t they?” Dina agreed with me, directing her gaze into the distance.</p>

      <p>At the other end, a bunch of humanoid figures with either blue or green skin were flying in... Basically, a lot of devilfolk had gotten inside.</p>

      <p>I knew that Scorpius had teamed up with the devilfolk, so this wasn’t especially surprising. But the fact that they’d managed to get in so easily was not a good sign.</p>

      <p>“They probably hid, waited for the golems to be deployed, and got in through the opening that made.”</p>

      <p>“This Moon-element magic power... It’s Luna.”</p>

      <p>Libra deduced their point of entry, and Aigokeros mentioned an unfamiliar name. He seemed to be acquaintances with whomever he’d mentioned, but I’d never met that person.</p>

      <p>“Luna?”</p>

      <p>“The member of the Seven Luminaries who holds the Moon seat. She mainly excels in stealth, assassinations, and sowing confusion.”</p>

      <p>“From the name, Luna seems like a girl.”</p>

      <p>“You’re most likely correct. Luna dresses like a man, but from what I can tell, she’s a woman.”</p>

      <p>What Aigokeros said caused me to scrunch up my face.</p>

      <p><em>A woman, huh...? Not someone I really want to actively attack... Still, it’s not like I can just let her do whatever she wants...</em> If she really was good at assassinations, then she was more troublesome than the other Seven Luminaries I’d met, in a sense.</p>

      <p>No matter the level difference, there were other ways to defeat a target. A person could simply avoid any strong opponents while they killed off important targets and show great worth that way. It was all right to simply overpower people, like that dumbass Mars, who just wandered around so completely overconfident in their own levels that they charged headfirst at anything. Even having overwhelmingly higher stats and levels wouldn’t necessarily save you from those who hid and moved in the shadows.</p>

      <p><em>So our first priority has to be dealing with Luna, whether that be catching her, defeating her, or whatever.</em></p>

      <p>“If you can single her out by her magic, does that mean you can find her, Aigokeros?”</p>

      <p>“Easily.”</p>

      <p>“Good. Then you will chase Luna. If possible, take her in alive. However, I forbid you from involving bystanders or causing unnecessary destruction. Don’t trouble Blutgang’s citizens.”</p>

      <p>“Understood!”</p>

      <p>Having acknowledged my order, Aigokeros disappeared from the spot like mist.</p>

      <p><em>That should take care of the member of the Seven Luminaries. There’s no way Aigokeros loses.</em></p>

      <p>The real problem was who to send against the devilfolk who’d gotten into Blutgang. I’d also need to decide who to send out against Scorpius.</p>

      <p><em>Should I go fight her myself? I should be able to stop her. I guess I’ll take Dina with me, too? She’s a double agent, after all. It should be easier for her to fight outside where there aren’t devilfolk.</em></p>

      <p><em>And Aries and Libra should be enough for the rest of the devilfolk that managed to get inside.</em></p>

      <p><em>As for Virgo... I guess she can stay with me for now. It’s a good opportunity to powerlevel her using the huge army of monsters outside. And I should probably take Karkinos with me, too.</em></p>

      <p>“Dina, Virgo, Karkinos, you’re with us. We are going to stop Scorpius. Aries and Libra will stay inside and clean up the devilfolk.”</p>

      <p>I gave the rest of them their roles and immediately leapt into action.</p>

      <p>Dina and the others followed right after me, while Libra and Aries ran in the opposite direction.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Luna was one of the devilfolk’s Seven Luminaries, holding the seat of the Moon element. Luna was a boy—no, a girl—who had her race’s characteristic pale-blue skin, shining golden eyes with vertically slit pupils, and pale, honey-colored hair. Among the Seven Luminaries, she was the most adept at covert operations. It wasn’t as if she couldn’t fight directly. But she had been ordered to avoid direct confrontation by her boss...the Devil King’s son.</p>

      <p>But Luna herself was unsatisfied with that role. She took it to mean that she wasn’t trusted, and that her abilities were being looked down upon. So Luna wanted to show him just how capable she was. That was when Venus, another one of the Seven Luminaries, said to her, “Then let’s show him.”</p>

      <p>If things continued as they were, Luna would never be able to stand equally with him. She would continue to just be the weak subordinate and nothing more. Venus told Luna that if she wanted to be recognized, she’d have to accomplish something bigger, more significant. Then, Venus made an example...saying that she could get the achievement of having taken down Blutgang under her belt. And if Luna didn’t manage that, she’d spend her entire life chasing after him.</p>

      <p>So Luna resolved to change her mission to infiltrate Blutgang to one of assaulting it.</p>

      <p><em>I’m not weak. I can do things other than covert missions.</em></p>

      <p>Luna wanted to prove that. But just looking at the results, she was probably being reckless. At the very least, she should have been much more cautious with Lufas Maphaahl back in the world of the living.</p>

      <p>The reason why Mars and Jupiter were dead was because they hadn’t been more cautious. Luna should have learned to be careful from those two. She should have realized that the preconception that the devilfolk were strong enough not to have to worry was no longer true.</p>

      <p><em>Am I being followed?</em> Luna had successfully managed to use Scorpius as bait to get inside, but ever since she’d gotten inside, she’d had an uncomfortable feeling as if she were being watched.</p>

      <p><em>Is it Blutgang’s command? No, they shouldn’t have the leeway.</em></p>

      <p><em>The mass-produced Libras? No, those annoying things were all sent after Scorpius.</em></p>

      <p><em>Then who is it? What’s emitting this horrible feeling, like the dread is just sticking onto me...? Even though I can feel someone watching me, I don’t see anyone anywhere. I don’t even see anyone’s shadows.</em></p>

      <p>But Luna could clearly feel whatever it was getting closer.</p>

      <p><em>Wait... Shadows?!</em> Luna had noticed that she didn’t see anyone’s shadows. <em>But what if that’s the point? What if the shadows themselves are watching me?</em> At the same time that she reached that conclusion, Luna’s shadow, which had been moving along with her, suddenly warped.</p>

      <p>Luna could feel her insides instantly freeze as an irrational fear forced its way into her heart. Her shadow formed a literal demon. It had two horns, a goat’s head, a person’s torso, and two bat wings growing out of its back. The creature was a template “demon from legend.”</p>

      <p>“!!”</p>

      <p>Luna dodged suddenly as the shadow launched a black beam of light. It was pure luck that she managed to barely dodge the attack.</p>

      <p>But the demon wasn’t so easily dealt with that a single bout of luck could stop it. An atmosphere as if it contained all the ill omens in the world overflowed from the shadows. It warped the surrounding scenery, making everything seem darker to Luna.</p>

      <p>“So you dodged it... How pitiful. If only you’d lost consciousness while still unaware of anything, you would have at least avoided feeling fear.”</p>

      <p>Luna desperately fought her body, which suddenly wanted to fall to the ground.</p>

      <p><em>All he did was speak. To think just that would disturb me this much and weigh so heavily on my spirit.</em></p>

      <p>The voice caused discomfort akin to nails being raked across a chalkboard. It was as if the words themselves were laced with curses. The demon itself was like a walking pillar of discomfort. Luna felt disgusted. The demon was basically a human’s fear that had been forced into physical shape. That was why it was a demon.</p>

      <p>“Aigo...keros......”</p>

      <p>“Luna...weak one. I give you two choices.” His eyes were like empty caverns which glowed maliciously. Just that caused Luna’s knees to shamefully shake like a fawn’s. “The first is sweet submission. If you don’t resist, I will not harm you, and you will be taken to meet my great master as an offering.”</p>

      <p>“Ha...haha. How nice. So instead I get to be murdered by Lufas Maphaahl?”</p>

      <p>“Exactly. Someone like you, who is as significant as a bug, will be able to meet your end at my master’s hands. What an honor it will be for you.”</p>

      <p>Lufas Maphaahl showed no mercy to the devilfolk. Even a child knew that. The second she noticed you, you were finished. No matter if you were a woman, elderly, or whatever, she would chase you to the ends of the earth and take your head. That was the reputation of the Black-Winged Conqueror.</p>

      <p>In other words, if Luna surrendered it would directly translate to her death.</p>

      <p>“The other choice is cruel domination. I will tear your limbs off and drag you, covered in blood, to be an offering to my master.”</p>

      <p>“...Aren’t both choices the same?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. You may either surrender and die, or resist and die painfully and miserably. —Choose, weak one.”</p>

      <p>The demon mercilessly proclaimed her death sentence. That alone indicated the difference in their strength.</p>

      <h2>21</h2>

      <p>“I refuse both options!” Luna roared, squeezing out all her pride and self-respect to do so in the face of the proclamation of her death.</p>

      <p>Her opponent was one of the Great Conqueror’s Twelve Heavenly Stars—Aigokeros the Goat. On top of that, he was a demon and hailed as the cruelest and most ruthless among them. But Luna was one of the Seven Luminaries, the pride of the devilfolk. And in a stroke of odd coincidence, she was also the one in the Moon element seat, the same as Aigokeros.</p>

      <p>Since they both had the same elemental attribute, Luna knew Aigokeros’ strengths and weaknesses like the back of her hand. She was confident that she was one of the few people who could resist his mental interference spells at the very least, which was better than any of the other Seven Luminaries could claim.</p>

      <p>“Yaahh!!” Luna concentrated mana to make a black sword and leaped forward to slash at her enemy.</p>

      <p>Aigokeros showed no signs of even attempting to dodge or defend against her attack. With his arms still folded together, he cleanly accepted the blow from Luna of the Seven Luminaries.</p>

      <p>The result: he wasn’t hurt in the slightest. The sword Luna attacked him with dispersed, leaving Aigokeros without a scratch. But Aigokeros hadn’t used any sort of special magic. The simple difference in their stats was just so huge she couldn’t hurt a hair on his body. That was it.</p>

      <p>“How slow. How brittle. And how <em>weak</em>,” Aigokeros spat out, filled with disdain.</p>

      <p>He flicked his middle finger, blasting Luna away. The move was more commonly referred to as a forehead flick on Earth. That was all it took for Luna to be blown away, flying and tumbling for over 100 m while gouging out chunks of earth.</p>

      <p>Aigokeros dove towards the ground, trying to chase after Luna. After a moment, he appeared from Luna’s shadow. No, he didn’t just appear. He was clearly larger than he’d been previously. His head almost scraped the ceiling of Blutgang’s first floor, and Luna only barely managed to reflexively dodge the attacks from Aigokeros’ larger arms.</p>

      <p>“G-Gigantification by concentrating mana?!”</p>

      <p>“Oh? So you can tell.”</p>

      <p>This form of Aigokeros’ wasn’t real. It was simply a body created by gathered mana. In other words, it was a type of spell. Magic was just a skill used to change mana into a physical phenomenon. For example, Metal elemental magic could even produce metals and ores. Aigokeros’ spell worked off of the same principle. By using mana, Aigokeros managed to create a duplicate of himself. It was a phantom body that would disappear as soon as the spell was over... But until it did, it had real, physical properties.</p>

      <p>“You monster...!”</p>

      <p><em>So this is the strength of the Twelve Heavenly Stars! This is how a dweller of Helheim fights!</em> Luna felt the gap between her and her opponent strongly, and she immediately threw away all thoughts of opposing him head-on.</p>

      <p>Luna jumped, attempting to create some distance. Aigokeros gave her a look which was hard to discern the meaning of.</p>

      <p>“Capture her.”</p>

      <p>Black tentacles sprouted from the gigantic Aigokeros’ body. But they weren’t just tentacles. Each one of them ended in fangs. The tentacles surged at Luna, along with a hard-to-bear noise, a harder-to-bear smell, and a general feeling of physical disgust.</p>

      <p>If Aigokeros had brought all his strength to bear at that point without minding his surroundings, Luna would probably not have been able to avoid the attack. Aigokeros would surely have gone after Luna, involving entire houses in his rampage and not minding any amount of collateral damage or wounded civilians in his mission. As a result, he would have easily captured Luna. But Aigokeros had received a certain order from his master to not involve his surroundings. That caused his fierce attacks to dull significantly. Since the town was packed so tightly together, it was even harder to attack while avoiding the buildings. Ironically, Blutgang itself was protecting Luna, who was here to destroy it.</p>

      <p>But that still didn’t mean Luna had the advantage. No attack Luna could make would work on Aigokeros in the first place. In fact, it was obvious to Luna that if she even tried to attack, Aigokeros would take advantage of the opening to instantly capture her.</p>

      <p><em>Should I retreat...?</em> Feelings of inferiority crept into Luna’s heart, gradually strangling her perceived options. <em>I don’t stand a chance against this demon.</em></p>

      <p>Luna wasn’t stupid enough not to be able to realize that, especially since she knew what had happened to that idiot Mars when he decided to jump in without thinking. <em>But... I can’t. If I retreat now, I’ll be damaging his reputation! I can’t keep putting more weight on his shoulders just because we’re incompetent...!</em></p>

      <p>Luna chose not to retreat. She had a reason not to.</p>

      <p>The Seven Luminaries had done nothing but fail recently. Mars had failed to conquer Svel and had lost Aries. Libra had disappeared, and someone had taken most of the treasure that’d been kept in the King’s Grave. Jupiter had died in Gjallarhorn. Aigokeros had betrayed the devilfolk. And finally, Lufas Maphaahl’s revival had been confirmed.</p>

      <p>It could be surmised from all these events that the Twelve Heavenly Stars were once again gathering under Lufas. It was unknown to the devilfolk just how many had returned to Lufas’ side at the moment, but no matter the number, it was terrible news. Rumors that the Seven Luminaries weren’t worth much had already started circulating among the devilfolk, and their subordinates had begun to lose faith in them.</p>

      <p><em>That’s fine, though. I don’t mind being underestimated. But if this keeps going on, our failures will become his, since he founded the Seven Luminaries. </em>Luna couldn’t bear the thought of that happening.</p>

      <p><em>I... I’m...not weak!</em></p>

      <p>The Seven Luminaries were just a collection of individuals, not a unified group. Two hundred years ago, almost all the powerful devilfolk had disappeared. The Seven Luminaries were a group of commanders brought together to temporarily stabilize the devilfolk, who had descended into chaos after the loss of their most powerful individuals. Saying that they had been chosen for their strength was nice, but that really just meant that they were comparatively strong among the devilfolk who had degraded far too much in strength. They were basically straw dummies.</p>

      <p>Originally, a level 300 devilfolk would never have been in a leadership position. In fact, they wouldn’t even have been in a leader’s entourage. The devilfolk had been overflowing with level 1000s two hundred years ago, after all.</p>

      <p>A devilfolk’s strength was decided the moment they were born. Strong devilfolk would always be strong, the weak always weak, and the half-assed always half-assed... There was no way to change the level they were born with and no way for those in the lower ranks to rise.</p>

      <p>Luna, who was born at level 300, was not considered to have a bright future among this race who had their roles decided from birth. Her death was basically inevitable if she ever ran into Lufas Maphaahl or her subordinates, so Luna could only desperately try to avoid doing so. She had no choice but to look on from the sidelines as the stronger devilfolk all died, even while envying those with high levels.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t want to die. I want to keep living.</em></p>

      <p>The instinct telling Luna to attack humans didn’t matter to her one bit. She just fervently wanted to keep living. And at some point after having continued to live, she found herself among the most powerful of living devilfolk. Luna hadn’t become stronger. Everyone stronger than her had simply died, so she’d automatically risen to the top.</p>

      <p>The stage she was currently standing on was originally so high up she would never have been able to reach it. But the Seven Luminaries had been brought up in a hurry, since all the people on that stage had gone. That was why the Seven Luminaries existed, and Luna was one of them.</p>

      <p>For the first time since she was born, Luna was in a seat of power meant for the strong. She knew she was utterly unfit for the role, but she still didn’t want to leave it. She hated being looked down upon and scorned while having to keep running her whole life. That was more than enough reason for her to want to stay. So Luna desperately acted strong. She crossdressed, tried to speak like a man, and hid her actual, weak self. But a bluff was just a bluff. And masks were just masks. Every time she faced someone who actually was strong, Luna was made to realize her own insignificance.</p>

      <p>“You’re a woman. Stop pushing yourself to put up such a strong facade.”</p>

      <p>The man who’d chided Luna like that in the past was exactly what she was trying to seem like—someone actually strong from birth. He was born in the same generation as Luna, and they had been together since childhood. He was a man who had been destined to be strong since the very beginning. He was the Devil King’s son, Terra. He was the lord that Luna and the others served and the founder of the Seven Luminaries.</p>

      <p>“Don’t underestimate me, Lord Terra! I am one of the Seven Luminaries!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t be so full of yourself. The Seven Luminaries are just a temporary set of commanders chosen because there is no one else. It doesn’t mean that you all are strong.”</p>

      <p>“...!”</p>

      <p>“So don’t feel the need to push yourself so hard. Just do whatever you can. Don’t push yourself too far, and concentrate on covert operations and sowing confusion.”</p>

      <p>Luna had admired Terra since childhood. He was always strong, at a level someone weak like Luna could never reach. But she was always looking at his back. She knew that that didn’t make a good match. She’d been told that over and over. But nevertheless, she wanted to be near him. Even if no one else would accept it, she at least wanted him to recognize her. She wanted him to talk to her. She wanted him to turn around for her. Luna wanted to show him that she was someone useful. That was Luna’s one, true wish, hidden beneath the facade she showed to the world.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Target Locked. Commencing attack.”</p>

      <p>Libra was wielding a sniper rifle, shooting down the devilfolk flying inside Blutgang one after the other. Every shot she made was a kill, bursting devilfolk heads like watermelons and causing their pitiful corpses to pile up on the ground. She worked indifferently and accurately. Without a single ounce of emotion, the killer doll simply continued her mission of killing devilfolk, as handed to her by her master.</p>

      <p>In contrast to Libra’s quiet style of cleaning up the town, Aries was hopping around the city acrobatically. Aries leaped into the air over and over, jumping off Blutgang’s houses as he grabbed the devilfolk in midair and incinerated them. He kept his momentum and never stopped jumping, eventually reaching the sky-ceiling of Blutgang itself and jumping off of that.</p>

      <p>Aries passed a small group of devilfolk, finishing them off bare-handed as he went by before jumping into the air again as soon as he landed. He didn’t care that the devilfolk had already lost all will to fight and were turning around to run. Aries grabbed onto the nearest devilfolk and, after turning him into a fireball, tossed his victim into a group of his comrades. This caused the other devilfolk to catch fire, too, and in a mere moment, they’d all turned to ashes. But those flames never touched the houses or surrounding buildings, since the fire itself went out as soon as Aries snapped his fingers.</p>

      <p>“Aries, several of these mice have run to the other floors. We’re going after them.”</p>

      <p>“Got it.”</p>

      <p>Libra and Aries speedily moved up the stairs that led to the next floor.</p>

      <p>It was almost unthinkable that they had both just been wreaking havoc in Gjallarhorn. If Merak were to see how they treated Blutgang, he’d probably angrily shout, “If you could do that, why did Gjallarhorn turn out like this?!”</p>

      <p>“Found them.”</p>

      <p>Libra’s rifle spat fire as she shot down a faraway enemy.</p>

      <p>If Libra used her right scale inside Blutgang, it would pierce right through the walls to the outside, so she couldn’t use it. Likewise, Brachium was also sealed. With the buildings this packed together, there would always be some amount of collateral damage, no matter how accurate she tried to be. But Libra had a whole selection of stored weapons, outside of those she’d been automatically fitted with, to use in different situations. At the very least, she was able to kill devilfolk with ease, no matter how many there were or how fast they ran.</p>

      <p>“Hey, is it just me or did we get the easiest role this time?”</p>

      <p>“No. Considering their numbers, Aigokeros has the easiest job, since he only has to take care of one of these small-fry.”</p>

      <p>“Right.”</p>

      <p>Aries took off again, ripping apart five devilfolk who were in his trajectory. Then, he kicked the wall, turned around, and was back at Libra’s side in an instant.</p>

      <p>“By the way, Libra. This is just between us, but what do you think of Miss Lufas as she is now? I get the feeling that she’s gotten softer.”</p>

      <p>“I believe she has started taking more mercy on her enemies than before. But that doesn’t change the fact that she is our master and deserves our respect and devotion.”</p>

      <p>Some devilfolk charged them in desperation, only to be cut apart by Libra’s blade of light or burned by Aries’ fists. On top of that, Libra’s rifle immediately took down another several enemies who weren’t even part of the charge. Libra didn’t need to look through her scope; her eyes were better than any scope.</p>

      <p>“I have only heard this from Mizar, but according to him, Master was not originally a cold and merciless person. You should be more knowledgeable about this than I am, but...from what I can gather, Master’s cruelness and ruthlessness were things she gained later in life due to her situation. She was probably a calm, peaceful person originally. I never knew Master before she became coldhearted, but I believe that Master seems more natural as she is now.”</p>

      <p>“True... Miss Lufas used to be strict, but she wasn’t that merciless. If she were, I’d have been killed the moment we met.”</p>

      <p>Aries and Libra continued to massacre the devilfolk one by one as they talked. As soon as they cleared one floor, they moved on to the next. By repeating that process, the number of devilfolk in Blutgang quickly lessened.</p>

      <p>“But that’s exactly why I’m starting to think... Would getting Miss Lufas’ memories back really be good for her? I can’t help but wonder if not doing so would make Miss Lufas happier.”</p>

      <p>“You don’t want her memories to come back?”</p>

      <p>“No, I <em>do </em>want them to come back. Even though they’re just a part of her memories, I can’t stand the fact that she doesn’t remember the days we’ve spent together. But I also don’t want Miss Lufas to remember all her painful memories, either.”</p>

      <p>Libra gave chase and fired.</p>

      <p>Aries gave chase and crushed them.</p>

      <p>They continued their conversation, but they never stopped killing devilfolk. While faithfully carrying out the order given to them by their master, they finally managed to bring the number of devilfolk in Blutgang down to single digits.</p>

      <p>“At any rate, I’m sure the one who holds the key to all this is that person...Dina. Her actions have been far too unnatural.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Really?”</p>

      <p>“...You didn’t notice? No, wait. This might be one of the effects of her mental interference ability,” Libra said to Aries as they destroyed the last enemy. Libra’s statement was something only she could make as a golem that wasn’t affected by mental control abilities. “I surmise that several of you—or at worst, all of you—have been affected by it. Dina’s memory manipulation or thought induction, I mean. You must never let your guard down around that woman.”</p>

      <h2>22</h2>

      <p>Two of the mass-produced Libras had their left arms changed into blades as they charged at Scorpius. Their speed was worthy of a level 700, and any normal enemy wouldn’t have been able to deal with their onslaught. But Scorpius easily grabbed both blades with her bare hands, sneering as she did so. The mass-produced Libras were stuck.</p>

      <p>“Too easy, fools!”</p>

      <p>Using sheer brawn, Scorpius threw the Libras away by their swords.</p>

      <p>The Libras’ joints creaked audibly, and it was clear that there was a crack in their shoulders. But the mass-produced Libras managed to avoid the worst outcome by turning their blades off before they’d broken, and they quickly resumed their battle stances. The two other Libras that had been waiting in the back fired their right scales directly afterwards.</p>

      <p>But Scorpius didn’t back down in front of the two beams of light. She simply dodged their fire while running forward. Scorpius returned fire, extending her tail out to attack. Her tail pierced the right arm of one of the mass-produced Libras bombarding her, completely decimating that arm from the shoulder down.</p>

      <p>“I get it now. I’m on to all of you. Not only do none of you have Brachium, but each of you only has one of Libra’s scales equipped. Which means I’ve just made one of you useless, doesn’t it?”</p>

      <p>Next, Scorpius took aim at the other bombardment-type Libra that had been hounding her.</p>

      <p>The mass-produced Libra noticed she had gotten Scorpius’ attention. The bombardment-type suddenly deployed her steel wings and retreated into the sky. But Scorpius simply jumped into the air and easily caught up.</p>

      <p>“Ha! Idiot! Did you really think I’d let you get away?!” Scorpius laughed derisively and swiped at the Libra with her nails.</p>

      <p>That was all it took to take away the bombardment-type’s right arm. Scorpius quickly followed up with her tail, piercing through the imitation golem’s chest. The attack scattered whatever parts had been kept inside of her, and the mass-produced Libra started to tremble and shake, as if it had broken.</p>

      <p>Well, it pretty much <em>was </em>broken at this point. The Libra emitted meaningless noise from its mouth; it was no longer in a state to even speak properly. But it was still a weapon, a steel doll made to protect Blutgang. Its face betrayed no fear nor any other emotion. It existed with an ironclad will to fulfill its mission. The mass-produced Libra had lost its weapon and was heavily damaged. It understood that it no longer had anything to offer to the battle, and that if it stayed, it would only get in the way. So there was only one option for it to take.</p>

      <p>The half-destroyed mass-produced Libra used its remaining arm to grab hold of the tail piercing it. Then, in a surprise move, it lurched forward, driving the tail deeper until Scorpius was close enough to kiss.</p>

      <p>“Start...ing......self...destruct......sequence...”</p>

      <p>“?!”</p>

      <p>The mass-produced Libra started to shine. Sparks of electricity flew off of it. The golem’s glass-like eyes cracked, and a fissure widened on its face.</p>

      <p>Scorpius knew what the Libra was trying to do.</p>

      <p><em>This damn doll. She’s trying to take me with her!</em></p>

      <p>But Scorpius couldn’t get free no matter how hard she tried. Her tail was stuck too far inside the Libra, not to mention the fact that the golem was grasping onto the tail as well. She would normally be able to get free of something like this in a matter of seconds, but she didn’t even have that long until the golem blew up.</p>

      <p>There was a flash. For a moment, the sky was lit up, shining brightly, and was accompanied by a loud, explosive sound. A pillar of fire rose high into the sky, high enough to disperse the clouds.</p>

      <p>Even just the aftershocks of the explosions caused more casualties among the golem army, lowering their numbers even more. In Blutgang’s control room, the admiral was convinced of Scorpius’ death, judging from the aftermath of the explosion.</p>

      <p><em>Our losses this time were far too great, </em>he thought.</p>

      <p>They’d lost almost all their treasured high-level golems and even one of their prized mass-produced Libras. The remaining three weren’t exactly untouched, either. One of them had a hole in its stomach, and another had lost its weapon. Since they couldn’t repair the Libras on their own, it was basically as if they’d lost three of their mass-produced Libras in this fight.</p>

      <p>But somehow, they’d still managed to win. They might have paid an immense price, but Blutgang had finally managed to take down one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars.</p>

      <p>...Well, not quite. If they <em>had</em> managed to do it, that would still have only offered some cold comfort.</p>

      <p>“...Impossible...” The smoke had cleared, and what the admiral saw drew those words of despair out of him. The rest of the bridge crew probably felt similarly.</p>

      <p>They looked down at the results of the Libras’ sacrifice with expressions saying that none of them could believe—no, that they didn’t want to believe—what they were seeing.</p>

      <p>“—That was close... Even I panicked a bit there. You really need to warn a girl before you do that.”</p>

      <p>Scorpius didn’t seem to have been affected at all by the blast. Well, she did show some signs of having taken it. Something black and scissor-like flickered over both her arms. It was most likely a weapon manifested by condensing mana, and there were several bits and pieces of mass-produced Libra sticking to it.</p>

      <p>Having seen that, the admiral figured out what had happened. She’d... In that moment right before the explosion, she’d taken apart the Libra and made her escape!</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s over. I may have been surprised by that once, but it won’t work again. Now, then. Out of those left, there’s a half-broken one with a hole in it and a useless one with no weapon. Only one of you is in perfect shape, I see... Heehee, looks like it’s my win?”</p>

      <p>“...!”</p>

      <p>Scorpius, convinced of her victory, kicked into the air and flew at the remaining Libras.</p>

      <p>The mass-produced Libras were only barely able to give a good fight when all of them had been in perfect condition. They had no chance of winning now. None at all. The best they could aim for would be mutual destruction. Their only hope was to somehow catch Scorpius in another self-destruct blast.</p>

      <p>In other words, no matter what happened, Blutgang had lost their trump card.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p><em>Ohhh, there’s so many of them. All the scorpion monsters are like a wriggling carpet.</em></p>

      <p>Having left the interior of Blutgang to Libra and the others, I was currently outside surveying the army of scorpion monsters that were several hundred meters ahead. I couldn’t help but smile. From what I could tell, the monsters had some substance to them. While there were definitely some small-fry that were there just to bolster numbers, most of them were over level 100 or 200. But what was really surprising was the fact that Blutgang was managing to go toe-to-toe with the scorpions.</p>

      <p>The golem forces battled it out with the monsters without giving an inch, and the supporting fire from Blutgang itself was very well-placed and effective. What interested me the most was the woman in black off in the distance who was a way higher level than everything else.</p>

      <p><em>I bet that’s Scorpius. The ‘Lufas’ inside me is telling me so.</em></p>

      <p>The golems were giving her a good fight, although it wasn’t quite even. They were amazing, to say the least. The golems, which looked just like Libra, used dazzling teamwork to get at Scorpius. But a good fight was nowhere near winning. They weren’t fighting evenly. While the Libras were trying their best, Scorpius would still win if nothing changed, at least in my opinion. One was already half-broken with a hole in its torso, and another two were also in horrible shape.</p>

      <p>“That’s too bad,” I muttered without meaning to.</p>

      <p>Dina looked up at me and responded, “What is?”</p>

      <p>“Just those Libra lookalikes. From what We can tell, they’re level 700. In this era, they’re masterpieces. It’s a waste to see them broken like this. ...By the way, you said that our level 100 golem was worth a million el. So how much would something like those be worth?”</p>

      <p>“They’re national treasures.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“They’re super-valuable golems that have been deemed national treasures.”</p>

      <p><em>...So calling it a waste was underselling it.</em></p>

      <p>Well, it made sense if level 100 was already a million el. A level 700 golem was something no person, including me, could make today in the first place. So the fact that Blutgang deployed them at all showed just how far they were backed into a corner. Just how heavy would their loss be...?</p>

      <p>“There’s no other choice. Let’s hurry and end this. Dina, a weapon.”</p>

      <p>“Which one would you like?”</p>

      <p>“The whip sword,” I said, extending my right hand. Matching my movement, an Exgate opened up, and I was now gripping my favorite sword.</p>

      <p>In the game, the properties of a whip sword were that its attack animation was a little slow, but in exchange, its attack range was very large. It was quite convenient for sweeping through large numbers of weak enemies, and it was my favorite weapon to use. I tended to use something different against bosses, but this would have to be my choice for my most used, favorite weapon. But as things stood, I couldn’t bring this weapon to bear.</p>

      <p>“Dina, pave the way.”</p>

      <p>“Leave it to me.”</p>

      <p>If I were to simply wade in now, I’d end up hitting the golems in my path as well. That would be a huge waste. While it would have been possible for me to remake them, I didn’t want to have to try, since it would be troublesome and tiring, given their numbers. So, I decided that taking measures not to destroy them would be best. And my measure was right next to me.</p>

      <p>“Exgate!”</p>

      <p>Dina’s magic and heaven-arts combined to form a gate. Its location? Encompassing the entire battlefield.</p>

      <p>It was a little funny seeing all the golems fall over backwards when the hole suddenly opened up. But the only ones that fell were the golems. All the scorpion monsters stayed where they were.</p>

      <p>An Exgate couldn’t be passed through by beings with a will without complete consent. By that rule, golems, which didn’t have a will, all passed through unilaterally. The monsters, which were living beings, didn’t. That made Exgate the best spell for separating these two forces.</p>

      <p>Now I could attack without restraint.</p>

      <p>“Now, then. Let’s get to it.”</p>

      <p>I swung, sweeping my sword in a great, wide arc. When I did, the sword unwound, and the blade extended into the distance. I used that length to mow down everything on the battlefield! I did make sure to hold back a little. But I wouldn’t weep for anything that was killed in my attack.</p>

      <p>While it was true that all these monsters were Scorpius’ followers, that didn’t mean they were <em>my </em>followers. These scorpions only followed Scorpius by instinct in the first place, since she was a stronger monster of the same type as them. All of them were fundamentally murderous monsters with no intelligence that only acted based on instinct. Summed up, I had no need to hesitate.</p>

      <p>Still though, I held back so at least the strongest wouldn’t die, since the higher-leveled ones could be useful. That way, I could capture them for use later. Anything that was killed during my attack wasn’t worth capturing in the first place.</p>

      <p>After all, I wanted to level Virgo up, too.</p>

      <p>Once my attack was over, the battlefield had undergone a drastic change. There were no longer any golems, and the scorpion monsters were almost completely decimated outside of a small number of high-leveled ones. Then, the radiance of mana spilled out from the dead monsters, and it attempted to enter my body.</p>

      <p><em>Is this what EXP looks like? It wasn’t visible like this before, but... Maybe I can see it now, since I’m resonating with Lufas? No. More importantly, this is bad. All the experience is coming to me. Come on. There’s no point in </em>me<em> getting the EXP. I’m already level 1000! If this keeps up, Virgo won’t level.</em></p>

      <p>I concentrated and tried to will the mana to not get absorbed into me. <em>Not this way. Go to Virgo! She was in my party and participated in battle (?) so she should get at least some of the EXP! Lemme powerlevel her!</em></p>

      <p>As I kept concentrating my will, the mana started to gather on my palm instead of inside me. I noticed Dina holding her breath and looking surprised, but I didn’t have the leeway to care at the moment.</p>

      <p><em>Keep gathering... Keep gathering... </em>Eventually, the concentrated mana shined gold and settled into the shape of a fruit that I was very familiar with—an apple.</p>

      <p>“...What the hell?” I couldn’t help but mutter.</p>

      <p><em>The EXP became an apple. I don’t get it. So should I give this to one of my friends to powerlevel them?</em></p>

      <p>I looked towards Dina, and found her making a grim expression, her eyes glued on me—no, on the apple in my hand.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“A golden apple?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, a golden apple.”</p>

      <p>Sei was still in the Wise King’s mansion in Svel. Megrez was entertaining Sei, the hero, in his parlor, telling him a Mizgarz myth.</p>

      <p>The credibility of the story Megrez was telling him was considered to be incredibly low, but Megrez still insisted on sharing the story with the hero. After all, Megrez was sure this myth was closer to the truth than any other myth in existence, no matter what anyone else claimed.</p>

      <p>“There used to be no mana in Mizgarz. This was because the white-winged folk who lived on top of the tallest mountain in the world, Vanaheim, cleaned up the impurities, or mana, of the world by gathering it up. That is the true form of the golden apple. And people were forbidden from touching the fruit.”</p>

      <p>“Forbidden...fruit...”</p>

      <p>“But someone among the winged people broke that taboo and ate one. That person angered the Goddess and was exiled from the mountain. Having lost his wings, he became a human. You could say that this person who ate a fruit on a whim is the link between the heaven-winged and the rest of humanity. After this incident, the heaven-winged lost their ability to gather mana, causing the world to overflow with it.”</p>

      <p>Megrez turned the page in the book he was reading from. The title of the book was <em>History of Mizgarz Part 1: The Secret of the Birth of the Seven Races.</em></p>

      <p>“But...this is just a story, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. It is. I’m sure no one believes in this story. Even I would have considered this tale ridiculous if I hadn’t met her. But the thing is, it exists.” Megrez smiled gently as he looked over at Sei. Then, he spoke of the one thing that the hero party wanted to know about the most. “You all called it a ‘secret method,’ a way of quickly raising a person’s level... Well, that method is golden apples... And as far as I know, the only person in the world who can create them is Lufas Maphaahl.”</p>

      <h2>23</h2>

      <p>After ruminating on what Megrez had told him, Sei had an incredible urge to facepalm.</p>

      <p><em>We’re screwed. Actually, we’ve been screwed from the start.</em></p>

      <p>Sei no longer thought of Lufas as an enemy. Rather than defeating her, he wanted to find a way for them to join forces. <em>If I still thought of her as an enemy, I’d be running straight into an unwinnable battle...</em></p>

      <p>In order to get to level 1000 to be able to stand against Lufas and the Devil King, golden apples were the key. But Lufas was the only one who could make them. No one would help if someone came up to them and said, “I want to beat you. Please help me.”</p>

      <p>Sei once again realized just how correct the path he’d chosen was. <em>We really shouldn’t be enemies with her.</em></p>

      <p>“Why is she the only one?”</p>

      <p>“That’s a good question. Still, I can only speculate about it, since I wasn’t alive back then. Do you still want to know what I think?”</p>

      <p>“Please.”</p>

      <p>Megrez nodded after hearing Sei’s unhesitating response. Once again turning the pages in the book, Megrez started to speak.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... The first heaven-winged were able to gather up impurities, or mana, and turn them into golden apples in this mythical age. This power has undoubtedly been inherited by Lufas. The question is, why did that happen? The criminal who ate the golden apple was exiled, while the rest of the heaven-winged had the ability taken away from them. Thinking logically, there’s no way anyone would be left with this ability. But just by looking at the results, it’s clear that the ability remained in the world. The Goddess probably overlooked someone. But...unluckily, that person had eaten the forbidden fruit.” Megrez then muttered an aside, saying, “At least, that’s how I see it,” before continuing on.</p>

      <p>“That person’s children must have been lucky enough to be born with white wings. And, luck upon luck, they’d managed to hide their family’s crimes. But their secrets came to light. The person’s descendants probably exhibited stronger ancestral blood after a few generations, and the power to gather mana that should have been lost was lost no longer. That’s probably the reason for her black wings, as well as the reason why black wings are hated for being taboo. And of course they are. Black wings are proof of guilt. They’re a brand revealing to the world that the person ate the forbidden fruit.”</p>

      <p>“So that’s why...Lufas Maphaahl...”</p>

      <p>“Yes. At least, that’s what I believe. ...It’s all speculation on my part.”</p>

      <p>Sei sunk into thought with an appreciative hum.</p>

      <p><em>I see. It makes sense at a glance. There’s pretty much no proof, so it’s hard to say this is all correct, but it should be all right to consider this a good theory. At the very least, it’s easier to believe than someone just randomly being born with pitch-black wings and amazing strength.</em></p>

      <p>“At any rate, it’s true that Lufas has the ability to produce golden apples. All of us, including Lufas, used them to absorb far more mana than usual in order to become this strong.”</p>

      <p>“Umm, the Sky King of Gjallarhorn is heaven-winged, right? Was he okay eating what’s basically lumps of mana?”</p>

      <p>“You can probably figure it out from the fact that the person got exiled, but the fruit itself doesn’t affect the heaven-winged in any way. Their hatred of mana is probably from the Goddess manipulating them. She most likely imprinted the knowledge of the exiled one’s cardinal sin in their subconscious, which causes them to feel unwell just by being near mana. ...The reason why their wing colors change so much must be because of that subconscious knowledge, too.”</p>

      <p>Megrez finished speaking and closed the book. Everything he’d said was mere speculation without any proof. But given the current situation and the knowledge at hand, there was no other conclusion to draw.</p>

      <p>“Now, how do you feel after hearing all that? I believe you understand why I separated you from your friends.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah... There’s no way I can talk about this stuff. It’s just too shocking.”</p>

      <p>Even though they’d come all this way to find a method to get stronger, it turned out Lufas was the only one who could execute that method. On top of that, the apples were a symbol of sin. It’d be really hard to accept. It’d be totally impossible for Kross, at least, since he was an acolyte with strong faith in the Goddess.</p>

      <p>“But you’ll have to tell them eventually. And they’ll have to accept it, too. I’ll leave the timing to you, but I’m sure their worlds will be turned upside down no matter when you choose to tell them. Those are the consequences of this thorny road you chose.”</p>

      <p>“...!!”</p>

      <p>“They’ll probably look at you coldly. They might treat you like a crazy person. They might even consider you a traitor and turn on you. So, do you still want to walk down the path that leads to the truth?”</p>

      <p><em>I’m being tested.</em> Sei felt that instinctively. The Wise King was trying to get a measure of Sei.</p>

      <p><em>If he backs down now, then that’s all he’s worth,</em> Megrez thought.<em> Even if he went down the path of truth, he wouldn’t make it all the way. So make me believe. Make me believe that you’ll be all right.</em></p>

      <p>Megrez was trying to secretly bring out Sei’s resolve.</p>

      <p>In response to Megrez’s question, Sei decided to stay true to his beliefs and answered firmly.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve never been that skillful at this kind of stuff. I’m just not smart enough for it. So all I have to show is the sense of justice I’ve inherited from my father. I believe that’s the best answer to show who I am.</em></p>

      <p>“My father used to be a police officer. In this world, I guess the closest thing would be a knight? Anyway, it was a job where you investigate crimes and catch criminals.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>“I was really proud of my father. He was like a hero to me when I was a kid. But one day, my dad arrested an innocent person. While there was physical evidence and sufficient testimony, it was all fake... No one doubted it, though.”</p>

      <p>Even now, when Sei thought back, all he could remember was his father’s expression, drowning in regret. Sei vividly remembered how worn out his father, who used to be so strong, had looked that day.</p>

      <p>“My father...he actually already had an inkling that something was wrong. He thought that they should have re-launched the investigation. But he couldn’t win against his surroundings. Everyone else thought the case was closed and that it was weird for him to be objecting like that, so he ended up going with the flow. He...pointed his gun at the wrong person.”</p>

      <p>“May I ask what happened to the person who was arrested?”</p>

      <p>“...He killed himself. My father drove an innocent person to suicide.”</p>

      <p>Megrez closed his eyes as he thought of Sei’s father, a person he’d never seen before. <em>A wrongful arrest... That’s something that happens often in this world.</em></p>

      <p>The crime rate of Mizgarz couldn’t be compared to that of Earth. Since people were freely allowed to carry weapons in Mizgarz, it was easy for crimes to turn deadly. Quick arrests were essential, and there were a lot of cases where it would’ve been too late if those in authority had tried to gather all the necessary evidence first. The standard practice was to arrest anyone who was a suspect. Then they could take their time gathering evidence. That was why it wasn’t rare for innocent people to go to jail. But even if it wasn’t rare, it wasn’t something that people should’ve gotten used to.</p>

      <p>“My father told me many times to never point your gun at the wrong person. He also said that no matter what everyone around you says, always choose the right option, even if they hate you for it.”</p>

      <p>“......I see.” Megrez thought back to his own past and let out a small sigh.</p>

      <p><em>Those are fine words, but that’s all they are, </em>he thought. Anyone would pick the correct path if they could. But it’s also common for people to not know what’s correct and what isn’t. They only find out after the fact.</p>

      <p><em>But still. If back then... If two hundred years ago, I myself was able to choose the correct path... If I’d just been able to believe in my friend, I’m sure the world would be very different. Lufas might just be the one who can defeat the Goddess and win true freedom.</em></p>

      <p>“Hero...huh?”</p>

      <p><em>I was a coward. I feared Lufas. I didn’t even try to face her head on. That’s what led to the fight two hundred years ago.</em></p>

      <p><em>But while this boy may be immature, he’s fully prepared and willing to go down the thorny path instead of the easy one. His beliefs might only be borrowed, and his bravery may just be an imaginary feeling pushed forward by his regret for his father, but he’s still trying to move forward.</em></p>

      <p>“I see... I understand why you were chosen. You certainly can become a ‘Hero’ to Mizgarz.”</p>

      <p><em>Right now, Sei is weak. Instead of proactively charging into monsters like the heroes from tales, he’s trying to find a way not to fight. But the kind of bravery this world needs right now is one that’s not afraid of Lufas; it’s one that can look straight at her.</em></p>

      <p><em>Someone needs to stand against the doubt and apathy from the wider world and the Goddess’ control over our hearts, while still managing to find the just path. What we need isn’t the courage to face enemies. It’s the courage to empathize with them and reach out our hand in peace. And this boy certainly has it.</em></p>

      <p>“So, does your ‘correct path’ mean joining hands with Lufas?”</p>

      <p>Surprisingly, Sei shook his head in response to Megrez’s question. “No.”</p>

      <p>From how things were going, a person might think that joining hands with Lufas would be the way to go, but Sei and the others were missing one thing.</p>

      <p>“I still know far too little about Lufas Maphaahl. So first, I need to meet her.”</p>

      <p>“Heh. So you want to meet and talk to the Black-Winged Conqueror, feared over all of Mizgarz? It’s common sense in this world that talking doesn’t work with Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“But that’s not true, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it’s not. She’s quite willing to talk. In fact, she’s rather magnanimous. While she shows no mercy to her enemies, you shouldn’t be attacked on sight at the very least, as long as you don’t do something especially rude.”</p>

      <p>“Then it’s decided.” Sei nodded firmly as he declared his intention to Megrez. “First, I’ll go talk to her. Then I’ll come back here once I’ve decided what to do.”</p>

      <p>“Okay. Then when you get to that step, attach a letter to this and send it to me.”</p>

      <p>Megrez snapped his fingers. When he did, a wooden bird that had been left in the corner of the room took flight and landed on Sei’s shoulder.</p>

      <p>“What’s this?”</p>

      <p>“A golem I made on a whim. If you give it a letter, it’ll deliver it to me.”</p>

      <p>“Uhhh, how is this flying? It should be too heavy for those wings to carry it.”</p>

      <p>While flying golems were rare, they did exist—for example, Libra of the Twelve Heavenly Stars. But unlike her and her large jetpack, this bird had nothing but its wings, and it should have been too heavy for those to give enough lift. Sei wasn’t especially knowledgeable about golems, so he didn’t know about Libra, either. But he did at least know that there was no way for the bird golem to fly unless there was some trick involved.</p>

      <p>“It has a mana engine implanted inside it. Mana engines are something I’ve invented. They take the mana from the air and use that to power themselves. Anyway, just think of this as a cutting-edge prototype golem. The plan is to eventually make a golem that can use magic.”</p>

      <p>Even Sei, who was rather dull on the subject of golems, could tell that a project like that wasn’t on the level of a whim, but he didn’t say anything. Being given something this amazing was basically a show of Megrez’s expectations.</p>

      <p>That was the way Sei chose to interpret it, so he gave his thanks. “Th-Thank you very much.”</p>

      <p>“Once I receive the letter, I’ll summon you with an Exgate. Got it?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Thank you for everything.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it. This conversation has been beneficial to me, too. I’ll pray for your safe travels. Not to the Goddess, but to your father.”</p>

      <p>Sei’s plan was to figure out the path he should take first. In order to do that, he had to meet Lufas and talk to her. Hardening his resolve, Sei bid the Wise King’s mansion farewell.</p>

      <p><em>Honestly, I’m scared,</em> Sei thought.</p>

      <p>Actually, both the Great Conqueror and the Devil King had become a source of light trauma for him rather than simple fear. As a living being, Lufas was on a whole other plane of existence than Sei. Lufas could wipe out Sei’s entire party on just a simple whim or for even the slightest offense. Even if she just playfully said something like, “Let’s test the hero’s strength!” and threw a light jab, Sei would probably be turned into chunks of meat. She could kill Sei without even meaning to. That was just how wide the gap between Sei and Lufas was.</p>

      <p><em>But I’ve already decided. I’m going to talk to her in order to find the path that I won’t regret taking.</em></p>

      <p>After that, the tiger immediately tried to run when Sei declared that he’d go to meet Lufas...</p>

      <p>Well, it was charming, in a way.</p>

      <h2>24</h2>

      <p>I observed the golden apple from various angles. <em>Well now. What weird thing did I just do?</em></p>

      <p>Mana gathering and solidifying wasn’t especially rare, since Earth and Metal elemental magic did that exact thing. But I’d never heard of any magic that created an apple. Anyway, I was heaven-winged, so I couldn’t use magic in the first place. <em>Like, what use would a spell that creates an apple even be?</em></p>

      <p>“Dina, do you know what this is?”</p>

      <p>“............”</p>

      <p>“Dina?”</p>

      <p>When I asked Dina about the apple, she brought out a strange name after some hesitation. “O-Oh, right. I believe this would be the ‘forbidden fruit.’”</p>

      <p><em>Forbidden fruit? Like that whole thing with Adam and Eve and getting kicked out of paradise? Then I guess this thing makes you smarter? I should ask about it.</em></p>

      <p>“So this is an INT-boosting item? We don’t recognize it.”</p>

      <p>“Well, it will boost INT for sure, but...it’s not exactly a stat-boosting item. Rather, it’s an EXP item.”</p>

      <p>“Oh?”</p>

      <p>“Ummm... I believe you’ve realized this, Lufas, but unlike in the game, you don’t absorb mana and get EXP just by participating in battle here. All the mana goes to the one who landed the last blow. On top of that, the efficiency is really bad. A person only ends up getting around 1/10th the mana of the opponent they killed.”</p>

      <p>“So that is why the average level has gone down so unnaturally these last two hundred years...”</p>

      <p><em>All the strong people who were there two hundred years ago died. But I guess that wasn’t all. There was another factor of it being hard to level up in the first place.</em></p>

      <p><em>Actually, I probably should have noticed this sooner. Like, I should have started to figure things out when Jean and the others didn’t level at all while we were going up the King’s Grave.</em></p>

      <p>But Dina continued on to deny my comment. “No, that’s how it originally was. The entire system of the world didn’t just suddenly change two hundred years ago. It’s always been like this. This world wasn’t meant to have several level 1000 people in it in the first place. It was that era two hundred years ago that was weird.”</p>

      <p>“Meaning that the average level right now is actually normal?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Two hundred years ago, the average level wasn’t much different from what it is now...until a certain event, that is. As far as I’ve been able to find out, it was said that humanity was doing well if at least ten or so people rose to over level 100.”</p>

      <p>“A certain event?”</p>

      <p>“The rise of Lufas Maphaahl... Basically, when you rose to power. That golden apple is the result of gathering up all the released mana without any loss. It gives an incomparable amount of EXP, or mana, over normal leveling. From what I can gather, you used this ability to raise humanity’s levels all at once.”</p>

      <p><em>...I see. So I’ve misunderstood something fundamental again.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’d always thought that the average level of this world dropped unnaturally. But it’s the opposite. Two hundred years ago, the average level rose unnaturally. And I’m the cause of it all, which was why everything went back to normal when I disappeared.</em></p>

      <p><em>Still, though. A forbidden fruit? That doesn’t sound too good.</em></p>

      <p>“According to legends, there used to be no mana in the world. The people of heaven descended upon Vanaheim, the mountain closest to heaven. They watched over the world, gathering up and cleaning all of its impurities. By concentrating the impurities, or mana, together, they created the forbidden fruit—a golden apple. One day, someone ate the forbidden fruit on a whim, causing that person’s body to be suffused with mana. This led to their exile from Vanaheim and eventual transformation into a human...”</p>

      <p>“? What does <em>that </em>mean?”</p>

      <p>“It’s a myth that’s told in this world. If you ask anyone, they’ll tell you it’s just a story, but it might actually be true,” Dina said, giving a pointed look down at the apple in my hand.</p>

      <p><em>Oh. Yeah. Right. I have the apple right here.</em></p>

      <p>“This apple, which pushes people up to levels they would normally never reach, is truly a forbidden fruit. There’s probably no more troublesome ability for the Goddess than this. And you even used it to mass-produce powerful people, starting with the Seven Heroes.”</p>

      <p>“...Hm...”</p>

      <p>I tossed around the apple in my hand as I sunk into thought.</p>

      <p><em>I guess it’s finally time to admit it. My game knowledge isn’t reliable. Well, I already knew that there would be some differences between the game and real life, but I still thought my knowledge would be pretty useful. But it never works when it counts the most. In fact, the more important the knowledge is, the further away my knowledge is from the truth. I feel like it’s causing some really big misunderstandings. I’m sure I’m wrong about other things, too, as it is.</em></p>

      <p><em>Well, I know one thing at least... There was a drink in the game you could buy with real money that would boost stats, and that certainly doesn’t exist here.</em></p>

      <p>“At any rate, this definitely isn’t poisonous, right?”</p>

      <p>“It’s a lump of mana, so it’s the most fearsome poison in the world to the heaven-winged, given the chance that their child would be born with black wings.”</p>

      <p><em>Well, at least it’s not </em>actual<em> poison, so eating it won’t make you sick. But it’s a powerful poison to the White Wings Faction, huh? I wonder how Virgo feels about it.</em></p>

      <p>Virgo’s wings were amazingly white. Even I thought they were pretty, and I didn’t care about the color almost at all. They were such a surprisingly pure white that she could probably be the symbol of the entire White Wings Faction. Luckily, eating it wouldn’t affect your own wings, just possibly your children’s. Still though, I was hesitant to make her eat it. Even though it was just bits and pieces, I remembered parts of Lufas’ past, and I could definitely say that I didn’t want to recreate that for someone else.</p>

      <p>Instead of giving the apple to Virgo, I stored it within my cloak. <em>I’ll just hold on to it for now. I’m sure Virgo would want to avoid the possibility of her children being bullied, too.</em> To be honest, I wanted to level her up if I could, but I didn’t want to do it at the cost of her future.</p>

      <p>“Capture!”</p>

      <p>I captured the scorpion monsters that had survived my attack all at once. By doing so, I became their master, so their loyalty changed over to me. Monsters with high intelligence might still rebel, but as noted before, the scorpion monsters here were just killers that acted on instinct. As long as they were properly captured, they’d never doubt their orders.</p>

      <p>Like that, the monsters became loyal to me and were obediently whisked away to the tower by Dina and her Exgate. In exchange, the golems that had been teleported to safety before were returned to the battlefield.</p>

      <p><em>Now all that’s left is Scorpius.</em></p>

      <p>I started walking in the direction of Scorpius, who was simply standing there staring at me.</p>

      <p>“It’s been a while, Scorpius. Have you forgotten us?”</p>

      <p>“Lady...Lufas......”</p>

      <p>The outfit I had on right now was the light disguise given to me by Megrez. It didn’t hide my face, and I had even made a grand entrance with the attack that had wiped out her scorpions. There was no way she wouldn’t recognize me.</p>

      <p>Scorpius was staring at me as if all the emotions had been drained out of her. But after a while, her purple lips tilted upwards, and her cherry-red tongue peeked out.</p>

      <p>“There’s no way I would. I’ve never forgotten you for a single second of a single minute of a single hour of a single day! I’ve been waiting and wishing to meet you again ever since I heard that you were alive. I’ve been waiting for this exact moment!”</p>

      <p>“!”</p>

      <p>Scorpius howled as she sent her tail-like braid at me. While I was surprised by the sudden attack, I managed to sway my upper body to the side and dodged.</p>

      <p>“What is the meaning of this, Scorpius?”</p>

      <p>“Heehee... Hahaha... Ever since that time... Ever since I lost you, I’ve regretted it. I thought, ‘Ahh, why didn’t I stop you? Why did I just let you head out onto such a dangerous battlefield?’ I’ve always always alwaysalwaysalwaysalwaysalwaysalwaysalwaysalways alwaysalwaysalwaysalwaysalwaysalwaysalwaysalwaysalwaysalways regretted it! So I decided something.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>