<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_5">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Scorpius’ cheeks flushed, and her eyes opened wide like those of a prostitute at her climax when she looked at me.</p>

      <p>“If I ever got to see you again, I’d keep you for myself! Just for myself! I swore that I, Scorpius, would protect you alone! I’d catch you and tie you up and restrain you and shut you inside and hug you and keep you and protect you so that no one other than me could ever touch or hurt you! No one will touch you or wound you or look at you or even hear your voice. They’d never even hear from you. You’d be next to me and only me!</p>

      <p>“That’s right. That’s the best way to do things. Right? I mean, it’s a mistake to let other trash even be near you, the world’s most valuable treasure, in the first place. Just thinking about trash being able to lay eyes on you drives me crazy! I won’t forgive them for being able to hear your voice, and I won’t settle down until those who didn’t know their place as they yearned for you die ten thousand times! I’ll never show mercy to that trash that abused you, either! So I’ll be the one to kill all your enemies, and I’ll be the one to protect you from everything!</p>

      <p>“It’ll all be fine, my dear Lady Lufas. You might feel inconvenienced at first, but I’ll provide you with everything you need. You won’t even need to lift a finger. I will watch over your food, sleep, exercise, entertainment, and provide everything you want. I won’t let anyone take you away from me, and I won’t let you fight anymore. I will pluck anything that would dare harm you from this world, whether that be the Seven Heroes or the Devil King or the Goddess or humanity or the devilfolk or dragons or the ouroboroses! So please, wait in the love nest I’ve prepared for you until my work is done. Please, make your smile only for me—”</p>

      <p>............</p>

      <p><em>—Holy hell that’s scary.</em></p>

      <p>I turned away from Scorpius, who was even now spitting out words like a machine gun, screaming out her love for me, and looked over at Dina.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? Hey, was Scorpius always like this?</em> I didn’t really care if she was homosexual. While I did think it was a biologically counterproductive thing, love was different for everyone.</p>

      <p><em>But, like... Yeah, this is just creepy.</em></p>

      <p>Dina looked pale, too, and she was giving me a look like she was demanding that I do something about Scorpius quickly. Virgo was spaced out, as if her soul had flown right out of her. She probably couldn’t even process Scorpius’ words anymore.</p>

      <p>“—So... Please, come leap into my arms!” Scorpius finished her speech.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, oh no.</em></p>

      <p>She once again launched her hair that was bound together like a tail (<em>whatever, let’s just call it a tail from now on</em>), and I managed to dodge it. But she sent a second strike right away.</p>

      <p>Somehow, Scorpius managed to grow more hair, so now she had several tails attacking me.</p>

      <p><em>Wai— What the hell is up with that hair?</em></p>

      <p>“Grr!”</p>

      <p>If I were alone, it’d be easy to dodge her attacks. Actually, I’d even be able to slip past her tails and close in without a problem. But I had Virgo, Dina, and Karkinos with me. While Karkinos was tough and I could leave him to his own devices, Dina and especially Virgo were very vulnerable.</p>

      <p>I grabbed Dina and Virgo’s hands and leapt away, avoiding the attacks from all of Scorpius’ tails. But that wasn’t the end of it. Another attack came towards us...</p>

      <p>“Acubens!”</p>

      <p>Karkinos suddenly came in swinging, which caused Scorpius’ attack to miss as she went flying off into the distance. Looking down, I noticed that at some point, Karkinos had equipped himself with half of a pair of scissors in each hand. He approached and stood over Scorpius.</p>

      <p>“H A H A H A, Y O U are as C r a z y as ever. It’s actually comforting! But you know, Scorpius, M E, the shield of the Zodiac, won’t allow you to attack Miss Lufas in my presence, even if Y O U are one of us. S t a n d u p! M E will be the one to straighten out your personality that’s so twisted anyone else would throw in the towel!”</p>

      <p>“Karkinosss... You’re just the Crab. Don’t stand in the way of me, the Scorpion!”</p>

      <p>Scorpius stood back up and concentrated mana in both her arms. The mana solidified and became a pair of black scissors. Karkinos’ weapons were also scissors, so I guessed this would be a showdown between two people wielding the same weapon.</p>

      <p>Scorpius kicked off the ground and charged at Karkinos with her scissors aimed at his neck.</p>

      <p>Karkinos didn’t even try to dodge. I reflexively raised my voice in worry while Virgo looked away. But he wasn’t hurt. He wasn’t even fazed!</p>

      <p>“...!”</p>

      <p>“Tsk, tsk, tsk. Did you forget how tough M E is after two hundred years apart?” Karkinos smiled, full of composure, as he kicked Scorpius. But this was no normal kick. It was a counter, powered by Scorpius’ own attack stat.</p>

      <p>As Scorpius went tumbling across the ground, I had a thought. <em>Huh? Isn’t Karkinos really strong for a dumbass?</em></p>

      <h2>25</h2>

      <p>Scorpius and Karkinos’ fighting styles were complete opposites. Scorpius moved and attacked at high speeds with high mobility, while Karkinos barely moved at all and waited for counter opportunities.</p>

      <p>I followed Scorpius’ movements while shielding Virgo behind me, so she wouldn’t get caught in the aftershocks of their fight.</p>

      <p>While Scorpius didn’t match up to the Devil King, she was plenty fast. But Karkinos never lost sight of her. Scorpius weaved feints into her attack pattern to try to catch Karkinos from behind. But Karkinos saw through those, too, and rammed Acubens at her, so they both hit each other simultaneously.</p>

      <p>“Karkinos is pushing her back at the moment, isn’t he?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Karkinos always has the advantage in an upfront engagement.”</p>

      <p>Scorpius seemed to have finally understood that she was at a disadvantage, as she leapt backwards to create some distance.</p>

      <p>Karkinos certainly was strong, but his strength was based on fights with parties, not one-on-one fights. Karkinos shined the most as a solid wall to protect his friends in a fight. He wasn’t suited for going on the attack at all. So Scorpius’ actions were correct. If I were in Scorpius’ position, trying to brute force my way past his defenses while being prepared for a counter would be possible. But with Scorpius’ firepower, that line of action would be suicide.</p>

      <p>This time, Karkinos went on the offensive to try to capitalize on the weakness she’d shown.</p>

      <p>“Ah, he charged in.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? So he chose to go on the attack even though he won’t be able to use Acubens? Very decisive.”</p>

      <p>In the game, Acubens was a skill that forced you into a stance to wait for the enemy’s attack. So in a one-on-one fight, people saw the stance and aimed to attack when the stance timed out. On top of that peculiarity, Acubens couldn’t be activated while the user was on the attack. It was a powerful skill but very hard to use.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm, it’s really amazing that you can see all that. I can’t keep up at all...”</p>

      <p>Dina and I were able to follow Karkinos’ fight, so we were nonchalantly commenting on it. However, it seemed like Virgo couldn’t. Her eyes were desperately swimming as she tried to follow the fight by any means possible.</p>

      <p>At the moment, Karkinos and Scorpius were before us, wielding the same weapons and clashing blades hundreds of times. But Virgo probably didn’t know that. While Scorpius boasted more force and could send out more blows, Karkinos was stupidly tough. On top of that, he would read Scorpius’ attacks, and after receiving them, he’d quickly strike back with Acubens.</p>

      <p>“He’s good.”</p>

      <p>“He’s certainly fighting better than I’d have expected.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. But...a good fight is all it is.”</p>

      <p>Karkinos was putting up a good fight. If things kept proceeding like this, he’d most likely win eventually. But it probably wouldn’t go past being a good fight. It was impossible for nothing to happen and the fight to just continue in the same pattern as it was now.</p>

      <p>I noted this before, but the way Karkinos’ and Scorpius’ affinities matched up had already dictated the outcome of this battle. If Scorpius were to get serious, Karkinos would have no chance of victory. That was why a good fight was all it was.</p>

      <p><em>I need to get in and end this before Scorpius decides to get serious.</em> Having come to that decision, I moved a step towards Scorpius, who seemed about to spray poison at any moment. I grabbed her arm.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“Sorry. We’re going to need you to sleep for a while.”</p>

      <p>I hit her with a knife-hand strike incorporated with the Blunted-Sword Strike skill. While I hadn’t gone all out with my strike, Scorpius was still blown away, flashily bouncing and rolling across the ground.</p>

      <p><em>...Weird. Has my attack power gone up?</em></p>

      <p><em>No, it hasn’t. I’m just “remembering” how to move this body. </em>When we’d visited Vanaheim, my fusion with Lufas became much stronger, and it seemed that it had affected me physically as well as mentally. At any rate, I could move much better than I had before. <em>I wonder if I should just accept this as a good thing?</em></p>

      <p>“A m a z i n g ! As expected of you, Miss Lufas. What a wonderful strike! I’m falling for you all over again!”</p>

      <p>“Heh... Sorry about that, Karkinos. We interrupted your fight.”</p>

      <p>“N o P r o b l e m. Honestly, even if we continued to fight, M E would have lost. I appreciate your good decision.” Karkinos laughed dryly, and I smiled to myself.</p>

      <p>While he was a bit too energetic most of the time, Karkinos was a really good-natured guy. With him here, it should prevent the other Twelve Heavenly Stars from clashing together too much. Plus, he was plenty good in a fight.</p>

      <p><em>He’s a really reliable party member, isn’t he?</em> I thought sincerely.</p>

      <p><em>The only problem is...Scorpius. </em>I’d knocked her out for now, but there was no guarantee she wouldn’t go wild again when she woke up.</p>

      <p><em>Well, I guess I should go ahead and tie her up while she’s asleep. </em>As I considered that, I was snapped back to the present by an ominous feeling from behind me.</p>

      <p><em>...Did I go too light? No matter how high leveled she is, she should still have been knocked out after taking a surprise hit like that to the head, though.</em></p>

      <p>“...hy...”</p>

      <p>“Hm? You got up? We seem to have underestimated you a little.”</p>

      <p>“Why... Why, Lady Lufas?! Why won’t you return these burning feelings of miiiiiine!?!”</p>

      <p>“!!”</p>

      <p>Scorpius howled, and I thought that her eyes glowed red, though that might have just been a figment of my imagination. A firm but sinister conviction seemed to well up from deep within her. And inversely, Scorpius started to glow a holy white. It wasn’t magic power. In fact, it was the opposite. It was the power behind heaven-arts, classified as the shine of life...as well as a miracle of god.</p>

      <p><em>...No. Wait just a second. Scorpius shouldn’t be able to use that power, right?</em></p>

      <p>“No way... Heaven’s power? We never heard anything about Scorpius being able to use heaven-arts.”</p>

      <p>This mysterious sight was my first experience with something like this. But it seemed that wasn’t the case for Karkinos, as his expression turned grim.</p>

      <p>“Th-This is the first time M E has seen this, too... But, this is...”</p>

      <p>“You recognize this?”</p>

      <p>He nodded firmly. “Y e s! Miss Lufas, this is the same as back then!”</p>

      <p>“Back then?”</p>

      <p>“Did you forget? Back then, two hundred years ago... This is the same thing that happened to the Seven Heroes!”</p>

      <p>I gasped, and the words that the Devil King had spoken to me came bubbling up in my mind. He’d said that the rebellion two hundred years ago had been unnatural and imprudent. And behind all that, there was a goddess that wanted conflict.</p>

      <p>Right now, Scorpius was overflowing with heaven’s power, and Karkinos said that this had happened before. <em>Which means that...right now, Scorpius is...being controlled by the Goddess?</em> —Instantly, I remembered something that I shouldn’t have known, but I did.</p>

      <p>The scene was a battlefield. We were in the middle of a fierce fight where I was being cornered. I was fighting against my former friends, the comrades who’d aimed for the same goal as me. Each one of them probably had their own feelings about Lufas, whether that was envy, fear, or rivalry... Each one of their feelings were unnaturally amplified, and the heavenly power of the Goddess’ blessing was pouring out of them as they attacked me. Their faces were twisted in pain rather than filled with the joy of victory, even though they’d finally pushed me to the edge... Alioth was even weeping tears of blood.</p>

      <p>“......”</p>

      <p><em>—It seems that I’ve gained more memories in this situation.</em></p>

      <p>It was a really interesting image, but how to deal with Scorpius was more pressing at the moment.</p>

      <p>“Why... Why......! WhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhyWhy! WhyWhyWHYWhyWhyWhyWHYWHYWHYWHYWHYWHYWHYWHYWHYYYYYYYY!”</p>

      <p>Scorpius, having gone mad, continued to repeat herself as the pressure she gave off only increased. This wasn’t a figment of my imagination. She was undoubtedly getting stronger, as if something was pushing her evolution forward. She was exhibiting more power than her original stats allowed.</p>

      <p>It was something that happened a lot in stories. Like, the kind of event where the main character, whose power paled in comparison to the enemy’s, started spouting a speech about getting through it together or not giving up or something and kept charging at the enemy. And then by the time anyone noticed, they were suddenly fighting evenly, even though there was no reason for the gap in power to have been bridged. And a moment later, the main character’s made a comeback and won.</p>

      <p>Sometimes people labeled stuff like this as “plot convenience,” but that probably just meant that the author—or in other words, the god of the story—was buffing the main character and making them stronger himself. So this must have been the same thing. Alovenus, the Goddess (author) of this world, was giving Scorpius her support, allowing her to power up with no prior effort or setup.</p>

      <p><em>...No wonder Lufas lost two hundred years ago.</em></p>

      <p>“We see. We had heard that Scorpius breached her limits and reached level 900 because of her feelings for us... So she was placed under the Goddess’ control back then.”</p>

      <p>“Miss Lufas!”</p>

      <p>“Stay back, Dina. We must be the one to stop her.”</p>

      <p>Resting the whip sword on my shoulder, I stood and squared off against Scorpius. She most likely wasn’t even really registering what she was doing any more as she kept shouting “Why!” There probably wasn’t any meaning in answering her.</p>

      <p>The ends of my mouth unconsciously turned upwards into a smile, and I closed the distance between Scorpius and I by a step.</p>

      <p><em>Geez, who knew affection could be this heavy? She loved me so much that she got manipulated by the Goddess? Even if it were a joke, it wouldn’t be funny. But, well, I still only have one thing to say.</em></p>

      <p><em>Hey, Goddess, that’s my subordinate you’re manipulating there! I’m gonna have you return her to me, Alovenus.</em></p>

      <p>“Hah!!”</p>

      <p>With a light grunt, I slashed at Scorpius with my whip sword in a scythe-like motion. While I was still too far away for a normal sword to reach her, that didn’t matter with this weapon. The blade extended and undulated like a snake flying towards its prey.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>