<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>There’s someone else I need to fight. There’s no way I’ll mistake who to point my gun at.</em></p>

      <p><em>Yeah. The person I should fight isn’t Lufas Maphaahl!</em></p>

      <h2>17</h2>

      <p>I went on a walk around Blutgang, since I needed to wait for Dina and Libra, and the only thing I could say about the city was that it was amazing. This man-made place that existed inside a golem was so well constructed that even the ceiling wasn’t readily noticeable as fake as long as you didn’t stare at it.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll be honest here. I’m in awe.</em></p>

      <p>I never expected the dwarves to have come this far from living in caves. The townscape may have seemed old-fashioned to me, since I was from modern Japan, but the fact that they’d managed to construct an entire city in limited space like this reminded me of space colonies from a mecha anime I saw a long time ago.</p>

      <p><em>The dwarves really are the farthest removed from this world’s fantasy setting. There’s no doubt they’re getting closer and closer to the Modern Era.</em></p>

      <p><em>Maybe after another hundred years Blutgang won’t look too different from the cityscapes I remember. Maybe soon we’ll end up getting cars and traffic lights or something.</em></p>

      <p><em>Oh, wait. There’s already a car in this world. I made it.</em></p>

      <p>I continued thinking on that subject as I wandered around when I heard the heavy footsteps of a number of people coming my way. <em>They’re about...300 m away?</em></p>

      <p>While it wasn’t nearly as good as Libra’s, my hearing was still strong. Compared to a human, the footsteps were a little narrow in stride and slower than normal. <em>They’re probably all dwarves.</em></p>

      <p>As if the world wanted to prove me right, five dwarves in work clothes rounded the corner at that moment.</p>

      <p><em>...They look like older construction or warehouse workers.</em></p>

      <p>I could feel my internal image of dwarves in armor crumbling to pieces.</p>

      <p>“Oh, there she is!”</p>

      <p>“Are you sure it’s that lovely lass there?”</p>

      <p>“No doubt! You don’t see a beauty like that every day!”</p>

      <p>The group of dwarves looked over at me and their expressions changed, so my caution grew.</p>

      <p>From their conversation, it was clear that they were looking for me. They even said that there was no mistaking my looks.</p>

      <p><em>...Could this be something bad?</em> I was currently wearing the outfit Megrez gave me. I also had changed my hairstyle and had my wings hidden. I was even wearing glasses. But I wasn’t completely hiding my face, and Lufas’ face really stood out.</p>

      <p>The dwarves didn’t have long life spans, and since this world didn’t have photos or anything, there shouldn’t have been any dwarves who remembered how I looked. Or so I assumed, but... I’d messed up. With technology this advanced it would make sense for them to have cameras.</p>

      <p>I didn’t like covering myself in my cloak since restraining my entire body like that felt like some sort of weird sex fetish, so I’d gone with my current outfit. I guess that’d been too careless.</p>

      <p><em>...Well, whatever. With my combat ability I should be able to manage something.</em></p>

      <p>I cracked my knuckles and used my Observing Eye on the group of dwarves.</p>

      <p><em>Their levels are only around 20~40. I can easily knock them all out in an instant.</em></p>

      <p>I slipped into battle mode, and as my perception of time changed, the dwarves started moving slower.</p>

      <p>I concentrated and slowed down my perceived time even further, making it possible to launch an attack in but a small moment in time... It was something I’d realized I could do after my recent fight with the Devil King.</p>

      <p><em>I should be able to knock them out without them realizing what happened. That’s just how different our specs are.</em></p>

      <p><em>If they give off even the slightest hint of attacking, I’ll make my move.</em></p>

      <p>“W-Wait a second, Miss Lufas! They don’t seem like enemies!”</p>

      <p>I was brought back from combat mode by Virgo. My head instantly cooled when she said that, and my experience of time returned to normal. Then, the dwarves arrived with full-faced smiles and not a hint of hostility between them.</p>

      <p>“Yo! We were looking for you. You’re the girl who came in that golem that looks like a metal box, right? Look, it’s me. I’m the one you left your golem with at the entrance.” The older-looking dwarf pointed at himself as he spoke, but to be honest, I couldn’t tell any of the dwarves apart.</p>

      <p>“...Huh? Ahhh... Excuse us, We did not know it was you.”</p>

      <p><em>Well, that’s not completely accurate. If I look closely I can tell that their faces are different. But these five... Actually, are all dwarven men like this? Everything on their face that can be used to tell a person apart is covered by hair.</em></p>

      <p>They all had thick eyebrows, large noses, and extremely long hair. They also all had rough features.</p>

      <p><em>As if I could tell these people apart.</em> On top of all that, all their work clothes were even the same color. <em>You gotta at least wear different-colored clothes. Like, if M〇rio and Lu〇gi wore the same colors nobody would be able to tell them apart, either.</em></p>

      <p>“Agghh! That’s someone from the outside for you! Look closely! I’m the most handsome out of everyone here!”</p>

      <p>“Hah! More like you’re the oldest-looking here!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, yeah! I’m the most handsome!”</p>

      <p><em>...I can’t tell them apart at all... </em>They might have been able to tell each other apart, but to me, it just looked like five of the same person arguing with each other. <em>I bet I’d at least be able to tell their faces apart if they’d just shave off all that hair, though...</em></p>

      <p>“Ahh, well... Anyway, we should get to the point.”</p>

      <p>“Ohh, right. It’s about that golem that you were riding in. That thing’s awesome! We’ve already started using rideable golems as transport in Blutgang, but this is the first time I’ve ever seen something that well-made! On top of that, the inside is a perfect living space, which is great for long journeys! That thing is revolutionary! Could you tell me who made that and where they are?”</p>

      <p>Apparently they had neither realized who I was nor were they hostile in any way. Their spirits as craftsmen were just fired up by Tanaka, so they’d come looking for me.</p>

      <p><em>This is kinda embarrassing. Considering how I was just acting a moment ago, I kind of just want to curl up and disappear...</em></p>

      <p><em>Imagine if I said something like, “If they give off even the slightest hint of attacking, I’ll make my move. Flash!!”</em> <em>Luckily, I didn’t say any of that out loud, but if I did, that moment would’ve put a black mark on my personal history. Thank god Virgo stopped me.</em></p>

      <p><em>...Actually, wait. Now that I think about it, haven’t I been a bit too aggressive as well? I get the feeling that my inner thoughts have been getting more and more violent recently.</em></p>

      <p>“Oh, if that’s what you want, We made it. But, is it really that surprising? Don’t you all have the ultimate in rideable golems, Blutgang?”</p>

      <p>“Well, of course. Blutgang is the highest peak of alchemy. Nothing beats it. But Blutgang is the masterpiece of the Blacksmith King. It’s not something we could imitate at all. It’s way out of our league. By comparison, the golem you were riding on seems like something we could make ourselves if we understood how it worked. That’s why I said it’d be revolutionary,” the dwarf replied proudly.</p>

      <p>There was no doubt that Blutgang was the ultimate rideable golem. Blutgang was 300 m tall and 1100 m long. It was just absurdly huge. Added to that, it was able to house several tens of thousands of people, possibly even hundreds of thousands if pushed. Its extraordinary qualities were clear for everyone to see. It’d be easy to say it was the greatest piece of alchemy in the world.</p>

      <p>But it was impossible to mass produce. Such a ridiculous masterpiece was only possible because Mizar had been the one building it, and no dwarf of this era could imitate that feat. But Tanaka was easy to copy as long as the person knew how it worked. At the very least, it was easy for Alchemists.</p>

      <p>Autonomous, rideable golems already existed in this world, of course, but Tanaka was made to imitate modern cars, so the comfort and shock absorption it provided were on another level. I’d bet that the autonomous golems here were something more like a carriage’s cabin that moved without horses.</p>

      <p>“So I’d like to ask you a favor. Would you mind letting us examine it? We’ll pay you back. We can even put your name in as a developer when we manage to mass produce it. You see, in Blutgang, there’s this thing called a ‘patent.’ Unlike other countries, the ones who invent something get corresponding rights and money for their invention. Those who want to make their own copy need to have permission, and if they do, they have to pay a fee to the inventor. How about it? Sounds like a good deal, right?”</p>

      <p>“Hmmm...”</p>

      <p>I considered the man’s proposition for a while. I didn’t have anything in Tanaka that I didn’t want copied. If Tanaka were an actual car, there’d be things like gasoline and engines that would be clearly too advanced for this world, but Tanaka was just a golem that looked like a car on the outside.</p>

      <p>While it did have rubber tires and modern suspension, it wouldn’t be too far a leap to give those to the dwarves, given their current level of technology. There weren’t any items left inside I didn’t want them seeing, either. In the worst case, I’d be able to put Tanaka back together even if they completely took it apart.</p>

      <p>Also, if I were to improve the dwarves’ technology, that would only be an advantage for humanity as a whole. <em>I guess it’s not a bad deal then?</em></p>

      <p>“Yes... We don’t mind. Examine it all you like. However, We will need to be there to watch over you.”</p>

      <p>“Sure, that’s just perfect. It’d be better for us if you were there, since you made it.”</p>

      <p>For the moment, I agreed as long as I was there with them. While I was confident that I’d be able to repair Tanaka, there was still the possibility that they would break it down so far that Tanaka would be irreparable. If they were to get close to doing that, I needed to be there to stop them, so I figured it would be much better if I were there.</p>

      <p>But more than that, I just wanted to see the current technology level of the dwarves up close.</p>

      <p>“Great. Now that that’s all decided, let’s go.”</p>

      <p>And so I ended up going back to Blutgang’s entrance along with the five dwarves.</p>

      <p>Aries and the others tagged along as if it were only natural, so we ended up walking along the streets in a snaking group of nine people. We were an odd assortment, but nobody seemed to mind.</p>

      <p>Having reached the gate through which we’d first entered, we returned to the loading dock.</p>

      <p>“Ohh, right. I haven’t introduced myself yet. My name’s Howell.”</p>

      <p>“I’m Kurta.”</p>

      <p>“I’m Gebelseight.”</p>

      <p>“Kreldight. Nice to meet you.”</p>

      <p>“My name is Gelsdorf.”</p>

      <p><em>Right. I now understand that I have no intention of memorizing any of their names. As if I could do that if you all name yourselves at once while looking exactly the same.</em></p>

      <p>For now, I just remembered Howell, since he was the first one to talk to me. I designated the others Dwarves B~E. I couldn’t even tell which one was B and which one was C and such, though.</p>

      <p>“Oh, right. Howell...was it? If possible, could you sell us some raw materials that We can only get here?”</p>

      <p>“I’m Gelsdorf. Howell is on the opposite side.”</p>

      <p>“......”</p>

      <p><em>Crap. Maybe I should take a paintbrush to their hair now... Damn all of them and their black hair. You gotta at least have some variation in hair color...</em></p>

      <p><em>It’s making me want to yell. Like, did you just give them all the same model to save on graphics load? No, even background villagers get different colors, at least.</em></p>

      <p>“Ahhh. At any rate, Howell—”</p>

      <p>“I’m Gebelseight. Howell’s here next to me.”</p>

      <p>“It’s me.”</p>

      <p>“Either way, it would be great if you would consider our request.”</p>

      <p>I believe I’ve explained before that the basics of being an Alchemist were transmuting base materials into something different. For example, transmuting a rock to make iron and using that iron to make a golem.</p>

      <p>In the game, the possible combinations were limited. There was a very defined set of things that were possible. But now, things were different. If I felt like it, I could make any number of alloys or steels. And right now, we were in the country of dwarves, which was the most friendly for Alchemists. There was no way they hadn’t developed some sort of new material.</p>

      <p>So there might be some new material that didn’t exist on Earth. At least, that was what I was hoping for.</p>

      <p>“Materials only found in this country, you say... I’ll gather them up, and bring them over later.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you.” I smiled when Howell <em>(...This one’s Howell, right?)</em> replied favorably.</p>

      <p>To be honest, the materials I used to make Tanaka were far too cheap and low level, so I wanted to remodel it using better materials. While I did have materials stored away in my tower, all of them were treasures as Mizgarz currently was.</p>

      <p>There was the super-rare orichalcum, then adamantite, damascus, mithril, and hihi’irokane. They were all very powerful, but there wasn’t too much of any of them, so I was hesitant to use them so nonchalantly.</p>

      <p>I don’t know what’ll happen in the future. I might need to make a powerful golem for my eventual fight with the Devil King and the Goddess. It’d be terrible if I used too much of my materials before then on Tanaka, who was just a method of transport. Moreover, I’d already used Wootz steel when remodeling Tanaka to have jets.</p>

      <p>It was a fairly strong metal, but it wasn’t all that precious in the game. It was fairly cheap to obtain, but for all that, its maximum level was fairly high. It was basically a metal to make decently strong, mass-produced golems.</p>

      <p><em>Now, then. I guess I’ll just be watching the dwarves examine Tanaka for a while. They seem honest in their intellectual curiosity, but they still might not know when to stop.</em></p>

      <h2>18</h2>

      <p>The dwarves’ examination of Tanaka took around three hours. Some might say it was short, but that was all thanks to the power of alchemy.</p>

      <p>While the dwarves were working, Dina and Libra returned from shopping and looked exasperated after seeing me and the newly improved Tanaka.</p>

      <p><em> That’s right. Improved...</em></p>

      <p>The dwarves got all excited and didn’t stop at just examining Tanaka. At first, the dwarves were simply taking it apart and examining it, so it was my mistake for joining in since I was bored. The only excuse I could make was that all this had happened because the materials I had been given by the dwarves were far better than I’d expected.</p>

      <p>They gave me something called “Mizar steel,” which was something they’d developed over the past one hundred years and named after their country’s great founder. It was hard, light, and superbly flexible. Also, the maximum possible level when making golems with it was a shockingly high 400.</p>

      <p>The only regrettable thing was that no high-level Alchemist existed in Blutgang who could take advantage of that maximum level. If there were, this country would be well-protected with level 400 golems. It was such a waste.</p>

      <p>Of course, I’d be able to make full use of the metal, and since I thought it would make great material for golems, I bought a lot of it. I wanted to eventually make a battalion of mid-level golems to go with the golems I’d retrieved from my grave.</p>

      <p>I also reinforced Tanaka with Mizar steel, but things went a little too far.</p>

      <p>I ended up teaching the dwarves a lot, sharing a smattering of my knowledge from modern Japan, so we teamed up to remodel Tanaka. But we probably shouldn’t have. While it hardly changed at all in general looks, Tanaka got even bigger and went from its originally large size to being a full 15 m long and 2.8 m tall. It was far too big to be able to drive on Japanese streets, and the insides became as luxurious as a high-class hotel.</p>

      <p>In other words, it was now incredibly extravagant by this world’s standards.</p>

      <p>The floor was now porcelain tile. We went out of our way to use wood for the walls and cabinets and even coated them with varnish. Apparently varnish wasn’t anything special in this country and could be found at any store it would make sense in. I didn’t have to make it myself, so it was a happy miscalculation. I bought cloth, too, so I could make new carpets, sofas, and beds.</p>

      <p>We could probably charge a decent amount of money to be able to stay in Tanaka now. I wouldn’t, though.</p>

      <p>“It turned out great, didn’t it!”</p>

      <p>“Hahahaha! That was satisfying!” The dwarves laughed as they looked up at Tanaka.</p>

      <p>At any rate, they now thoroughly understood how the tires and suspension and stuff worked, so modern, car-like rideable golems should be making their appearance in Blutgang fairly soon.</p>

      <p><em>This is off topic, but they sold me Mizar steel and cloth real cheap. </em>I was told it was as thanks for letting them take a look at Tanaka. The dwarves themselves said that I could take them for free, but that made me feel too guilty, so we settled on making them cheap.</p>

      <p>“By the way, Libra, have you found Karkinos?”</p>

      <p>“I have been waiting for you to ask that. I have ascertained his location.”</p>

      <p>“Great. Then let’s go.”</p>

      <p>I’d almost forgotten, but the reason we’d come here was to meet up with Karkinos as well as to stop Scorpius. Now that Libra had located Karkinos, we should be able to go see him immediately.</p>

      <p>I said my goodbyes to the dwarves and followed after Libra.</p>

      <p>Once again passing through the gate, we returned to the capital. Then, after walking for several minutes, we eventually found ourselves at a familiar store. It was the restaurant that I’d wanted to visit when we’d first come here, the one with the crab sign.</p>

      <p>“......”</p>

      <p><em>Wow. So Karkinos was right under our noses the whole time. </em>He even boldly put up a huge crab sign.</p>

      <p>Uhh, well... If I were to give an excuse, I’d blame the fact that people tend to have pretty narrow fields of view. The more a person tried to look for something, the less they were able to notice something right in front of them.</p>

      <p><em>Have you ever heard this saying?</em> <em>The one that says that rather than trying to hide badly, it’s better to be bold and act natural if you don’t want to be noticed?</em></p>

      <p><em>This proved that point exactly. It’s like that one saying: ‘It’s darkest under the lighthouse.’ Like, you wouldn’t expect it, right? That one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars was running a store like this?</em></p>

      <p>“It was right in front of us...”</p>

      <p>“Right in front of us...” Dina and Aigokeros both muttered, dealing a final blow.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, come on. You guys didn’t notice, either!</em></p>

      <p>“A-At any rate. We should go inside.” I hurried everyone inside in an attempt to change the subject.</p>

      <p>The walls and tables were made of wood. But it didn’t seem like bare wood; the surfaces all had a gloss as if they’d been coated in varnish.</p>

      <p>The entire store exuded a quiet air. The tables were covered with a red tablecloth, and the weak lighting actually improved the atmosphere of the place.</p>

      <p>And lastly, there was a man wearing glasses standing behind a counter.</p>

      <p>His glossy black hair was cut to the nape of his neck, and he had sharply pointed eyes that were reminiscent of blades behind his glasses. The bridge of his nose was high up on his face. Overall, he was a handsome man. He was very slender and tall, and he had a necktie on top of his white shirt. On top of the shirt, he wore a red vest, and both his shoes and slacks were black.</p>

      <p><em>How should I describe it? He felt like the image of a “capable man.”</em></p>

      <p>As soon as the man saw me, he suddenly leapt into the air and flipped before crashing into the ceiling and bouncing off it. The sound of him smashing against the ceiling concerned me as he fell, crumpled in front of me, but he immediately got back up and grabbed my hands in his.</p>

      <p>“Ｏｈ！Ｉｗａｓｓｕｒｐｒｉｓｅｄ！Miss Lufas! I see Lufas Maphaahl, my most beloved master, right in front of my eeeeyyyeeessss!” the man shouted, partially using stilted English for some reason.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, I see. The no-good type.</em></p>

      <p><em>This is sudden, but I want to take back my impression. He’s an “incompetent man.”</em></p>

      <p>Karkinos started to spin on the spot, and for some reason, he was scattering flower petals everywhere.</p>

      <p>“Ahh, just how long... How long have I waited for this day? Ever since I, Karkinos, lost you, I have never been able to live down the shame and regret of that day! Unable to sleep at night, I resorted to taking naps! Neither was I able to eat, for I believed that I would be able to see you again one day!”</p>

      <p><em>Huh. Maybe he’s actually okay?</em></p>

      <p>I felt exasperated, and suddenly the shop went dark. But it was only so something like a spotlight could light up Karkinos.</p>

      <p>“But M E has always believed! Believed that you would never go out like that! I was certain that I would see you again one day!” Karkinos said as he wrapped an arm around my waist and grasped my hand. Then, he did that thing where a man supports his female partner by the waist, like in a formal dance. What was it called...? Drop Oversway?</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>