<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“W-Wait a second! That speech pattern... And two hundred years...? ...Is that you, Gran?” Virgo asked before I could respond, while pointing at the ghost with a trembling finger. The fact that Virgo didn’t recognize her meant that she’d probably aged normally when she was alive.</p>

      <p>The girl who talked like an old lady cackled before answering. “What’s wrong, my grandchild? Did you not recognize me just because I changed my appearance a little?”</p>

      <p>“N-No, this isn’t just a little...”</p>

      <p>Virgo’s expression was stiff as the ghostly girl in front of her puffed out her chest. Then, the ends of the ghost’s mouth curled upwards as she looked at all of us and boldly introduced herself.</p>

      <p>Her name was exactly as I expected. She was exactly the person we’d been looking for—</p>

      <p>“I am Parthenos the Maiden, one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, those who stand next to the Black-Winged Conqueror. In order to once again be of service to Miss Lufas, I refused to ascend to heaven and instead stayed here.”</p>

      <h2>10</h2>

      <p>Parthenos was once a member of a clan that served the Goddess. They were agents of the Goddess who supported her from the shadows and kept the world in balance. Parthenos felt pride over the role they had been given, a role that they had probably kept ever since humanity had been born.</p>

      <p><em>We’re different from other people. We have been singled out by the Goddess. We are her servants who give her all our love and loyalty.</em></p>

      <p>To her, the clueless clergy who blindly offered the Goddess faith without even knowing what kind of being she was were nothing short of laughable, an opinion that only furthered her sense of superiority.</p>

      <p><em>I know the secrets of the world. I know the Goddess’ true goal. I know the real meaning of her true and unwavering love of humanity.</em></p>

      <p><em>All things are as the Goddess wills. Monsters, devilfolk, humans, and even animals—all are nothing more than pieces on a board, and only we are allowed to stand outside of the game.</em></p>

      <p>The first human was named Aeneas. That was also the name of Parthenos’ ancestor, the first of their clan. He was the child of god, who was said to have been the first created by Alovenus when she conceived of humanity. His direct descendants would become agents of the divine. They were the only people in all of humanity who knew the Goddess’ true objective and had an obligation to support it.</p>

      <p>Parthenos never thought to doubt their purpose. In fact, she felt pride from the bottom of her heart. She had unwavering faith in and love for the Goddess. At least, she believed that it was unwavering...</p>

      <p>Parthenos met the Black-Winged Conqueror at the end of her conquest.</p>

      <p>The place was named “The Goddess’ Sanctuary,” a location that up until then had been deemed inviolable, and no devilfolk, nor any of history’s many tyrants, had set foot in it. And she, of all people, had invaded the sanctuary with the four heroes—Megrez, Alioth, Mizar, and Dubhe—in tow, as if they didn’t care how sacred it was.</p>

      <p>The strongest guardian, the Scales of Selection, had been captured by Lufas, and all of the Goddess’ vanguards that stood against them had been thoroughly defeated. And finally, they managed to drag Parthenos, the current head of the Descendants of Aeneas, out into the open.</p>

      <p>“Leave, intruders. This is a sanctified realm where the Goddess resides. This is not a place where those of low birth can enter freely.”</p>

      <p>“Well now, that’s unfortunate. We seem to be of low birth. It’s impossible for us to understand what someone of high birth is saying.”</p>

      <p>The supreme ruler of the human world laughed as she flapped her ominous pitch-black wings. She smiled belligerently, her eyes sharp like blades. And her hair, which turned red around the base of her neck, looked like fire.</p>

      <p>Normally, the heaven-winged were born with pure-white wings. But by coming into contact and mixing with mana, those wings were defiled and gradually got closer to black. And if those wings became pitch black, well, they’d basically be a monster at that point.</p>

      <p>She wasn’t a heaven-winged. She was a humanoid monster...or at least some sort of completely new, 8th race of humanity. She’d branched off from the heaven-winged into something completely different, just like how humans had branched off into elves, beastfolk, and halflings in the past.</p>

      <p>“Much less those who cause people pain and drive them to despair. Have you ever heard of noblesse oblige? That those of higher standing have a corresponding duty to those of lesser? We believe in it. ...If anything puts despair into the hearts of our people, We don’t care if they’re a Goddess. We shall simply drag her off her throne and take that seat for ourselves.”</p>

      <p><em>This woman is dangerous. </em>Parthenos could tell with a single look.</p>

      <p><em>This entire world moves as the Goddess wishes. All is according to her Scenario. The devilfolk decrease the number of humans and become mana, their source of power, once they die. This balancing act is part of the providence of this world. It’s not like the Devil King escaped from the Goddess’ Scenario and did all this.</em></p>

      <p><em>It’s impossible for the Devil King to go against the Goddess’ will in the first place... But Lufas Maphaahl is different. The Goddess never expected a mutated variant of the heaven-winged, much less one with unequaled power who united the world and drove the devilfolk to the point of extinction. She’s completely outside of the Goddess’ Scenario.</em></p>

      <p>“Fool. You should be ashamed of your level of conceit.”</p>

      <p>“Hah! We’ve been living in disgrace for a long time now. You’re 270 years too late to say that, girl.”</p>

      <p>Parthenos readied her staff. Lufas brought her favorite whip sword to her shoulder.</p>

      <p>In response, tens—no, hundreds—of divine guards surrounded Lufas. Each and every one of them were skilled warriors chosen by the Goddess herself, and their average level exceeded 600. Of course, they could withstand Lufas’ Pressure. The strongest of them even reached level 1000, like Lufas.</p>

      <p>No matter how strong Lufas was as a level 1000 elite, she was nothing but prey when faced with the net that surrounded her. But she continued to smile fearlessly, and her burning crimson eyes shone even stronger.</p>

      <p>“—How laughable! Do you really believe you can stop us like this?! You should have at least brought a dragon with you!”</p>

      <p>“...N-No way... This is...”</p>

      <p>An hour later, the victor of the fight was clear to see.</p>

      <p>All of the elite guardians who protected the sanctuary lay defeated, as did Parthenos. In the center stood only the black-winged fallen angel. Her dress was still immaculate, as were her face and skin. It was like she’d never fought.</p>

      <p><em>Wrong... This one’s just...different. This can’t be explained just by being level 1000. It doesn’t matter how many monsters a person eats or how far they raise their abilities. It’d be impossible for them to become a monster like this just with that. In fact, those she brought with her and the monsters she has under her aren’t that strong.</em></p>

      <p>“Y-You... What are...?”</p>

      <p>“Why are you so surprised? We are attempting to bring down a Goddess. That would be impossible if we couldn’t at least pull off something like this.”</p>

      <p>The invader spoke as if it were only natural, as she came to stand in front of Parthenos.</p>

      <p>While Parthenos could no longer stand up on her own, Lufas seemed to be untouched. There was no way for Parthenos to turn things around; she could only wait to be finished off.</p>

      <p>“J-Just do it. I’ve offered my life to the Goddess... I’m not afraid of death. This soul, festooned by duty, will not allow me to lose myself, even after death. I will continue to be the Goddess’ servant. Even if you kill me here, it will be meaningless.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? Your life is the Goddess’?”</p>

      <p>Lufas’ smile mysteriously deepened as she grabbed Parthenos’ neck. Lufas lifted Parthenos up so their eyes were level, and she stared into Parthenos’ eyes.</p>

      <p>“Then stealing that life would be fun, wouldn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“Wh-What are...?!”</p>

      <p>“Killing you would be too easy. So We shall give you a choice. ...You seem to be too ignorant for your position,” Lufas said, before switching her grip on Parthenos, holding on to her under her arm like one would a barrel.</p>

      <p>Then, she called out to her comrades that had come in with her...the other heroes.</p>

      <p>“We’re going back, Pasta Nose. We’ve got what we came for.”</p>

      <p>“How many times have I told you to stop calling me thaaaaat?!”</p>

      <p>“Bear’ing back home already...? Weren’t we going to bear witness to the Goddess?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, yeah. That isn’t necessary anymore, Dubhe. This one will have all the information we want.”</p>

      <p>Lufas started walking, and Alioth in his full plate and helmet, Mizar in his heavy armor, and Dubhe the polar bear beastfolk followed after her. If one looked closer, they could see that Dubhe was also dragging Megrez along, who was unconscious. It was clear to see that they hadn’t come this far unscathed. They’d probably been hit by the gate guard’s Brachium.</p>

      <p>“P-Please wait! Just where are you going to take me?!”</p>

      <p>“We told you already that you are far too ignorant. First, We will show you the world.”</p>

      <p>That was how Parthenos left the sanctuary for the first time and got a look at the world below. It was a world that should have been overflowing with the Goddess’ love, even though they were suffering through her trials. But Parthenos was forced to realize that that wasn’t the case at all. She saw the world as it was with her own eyes. People were being attacked by the devilfolk. There were crying children who had lost their parents and similarly wailing mothers who had lost their children.</p>

      <p>The world wasn’t a paradise by any stretch. It was replete with fear and despair.</p>

      <p>That was when a crack appeared in Parthenos’ supposedly absolute faith in her Goddess.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>I was feeling just a little confused. First, there was the girl in front of me. From the words of the girl herself and Virgo’s reaction, there was no doubt that she was Parthenos. And in fact, her clothing and hair color were the same as in the game. Aries and the others also weren’t indicating anything to the contrary.</p>

      <p>The problem was what Parthenos had said.</p>

      <p>She’d said, “I’ve been doing as you asked, keeping Vanaheim exactly as it used to be all this time.”</p>

      <p>...What did she mean by that? I thought sealing off Vanaheim like this had been her decision. I figured it was the same pattern as with Aries and Aigokeros, something ridiculous done out of loyalty. Yet from her words, it seemed that I (Lufas) was the one who’d ordered her to do so.</p>

      <p>But for what purpose? Why did this need to happen? Why did this place, full of horrible memories, have to be preserved?</p>

      <p>“Parthenos?”</p>

      <p>“Yes!”</p>

      <p>“First, let us apologize for making you wait so long. Sorry. We have put quite a burden on you.”</p>

      <p>“Those words are wasted on one such as me.”</p>

      <p>For now, I decided to praise her efforts. <em>Before getting into the subject I actually want to broach, I’ll need to grease the wheels a bit, won’t I?</em></p>

      <p>“So...getting to the point, will you tell us what you know of the Goddess’ Scenario?”</p>

      <p>“Of course. But before that, Miss Lufas... How much of your memories are you missing right now?”</p>

      <p>“...!”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t stop myself from showing real surprise in response to Parthenos’ question. It wasn’t just me, though. Aries, Aigokeros, and the others also looked surprised. Could she have noticed that I wasn’t actually Lufas...? It didn’t seem like it. But she did know that I didn’t have Lufas’ memories. That threw me for a loop.</p>

      <p>“So you know about that.”</p>

      <p>“Of course. It was none other than you who told me that the Goddess would probably erase your memories when you were revived, after all.”</p>

      <p>Parthenos’ answer to my question was, once again, something I hadn’t expected.</p>

      <p>So it was Lufas herself who predicted that I (Lufas) would lose my memories? Then did that mean everything was going according to her predictions?</p>

      <p>Dina was also looking uncharacteristically grim, and I could see a trail of sweat going down her face. It seemed that she, who knew who I was inside, didn’t expect the Lufas from two hundred years ago to have done this, either.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Uh, umm... Miss Lufas, are you missing your memories?!”</p>

      <p>“Wh-What?! Something like that...”</p>

      <p>Unlike Aries and Aigokeros, who were surprised, Libra was calm. “As I thought.” I looked towards Libra and waited for her to continue. “Your speech and the way you acted sometimes made it seem like you didn’t remember your past. Also, not only did you not react to Parthenos’ form, but your reaction to coming here was more reminiscent of a person regaining their memories than one feeling nostalgia. I have concluded that you most likely were missing parts of your memory, just like I am.”</p>

      <p><em>Huh? This dumb golem’s really sharp today for some reason. Is that really Libra?</em></p>

      <p>At any rate, it seemed like I had no other choice than to admit to memory loss.</p>

      <p>“If you understand that much already, then there’s no need for pretense. For what reason did We order you to seal off this town two hundred years ago?”</p>

      <p>“It would be faster to simply show you instead of tell you. The shock might actually reawaken your memories.”</p>

      <p><em>Showing would be faster? I suppose the reason is because it’s something that would be easy to discern on sight. </em>On top of that, Parthenos implied that it would be quite shocking.</p>

      <p>Parthenos stood (or rather, floated) in front of us and headed off towards our next destination. We followed after her.</p>

      <p>After leaving my home (the storehouse), we walked through the streets of the town—which were even more ruined thanks to Aries and the others—before approaching the exit. There, Parthenos stopped and turned back to face us.</p>

      <p>“I’d like for only Miss Lufas to follow me from here on. Everyone else, please wait here. ...Also, make sure you don’t fly into a rampage again. If you do, it might awaken.”</p>

      <p>“?”</p>

      <p>Everyone agreed while not really understanding Parthenos’ warning. I wasn’t quite sure what she meant by ‘awaken,’ but I agreed with them not going on a rampage.</p>

      <p>Leaving Dina and the others behind, Parthenos floated up into the sky. I flew off a little ways behind her.</p>

      <p>It seemed like our destination was the top of the mountain. An elevation of 3807 m was nothing to us, since we were able to fly. Well, if you thought of it as walking 4 km, then it might still be quite a distance, but at our speed, it was nothing. It took us less than half a minute to reach the top, and I set down on a spot that looked good.</p>

      <p>Vanaheim’s peak had a crater in it, as if something had pierced through it. It resembled a volcano’s mouth. But there was no magma at the bottom, just a huge hole.</p>

      <p>“The answer is here. Please look inside.”</p>

      <p>“What? Is there something packed insi—”</p>

      <p>I looked inside and froze mid-sentence. I was speechless.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, uhh... This is amazing. Being filled with magma might have been better.</em></p>

      <p>This left a bigger impact than when I’d first seen Aries’ giant form. It couldn’t even be compared.</p>

      <p>“...It’s huge.”</p>

      <p>There was something that seemed to be living at the bottom of the crater. <em>Wait, is it actually alive? If it is, then we’re really off track now.</em></p>

      <p>I already knew that this place was a fantasy world, and common sense didn’t apply here. At least, that was what I’d thought. But even so, this ridiculous thing shouldn’t have been alive.</p>

      <p>What I saw was the head of something that looked like a lizard. Its eyes were closed, and it didn’t even twitch, but its nose flared every once in a while like it was breathing. Whenever that happened, a warm wind blew up over the summit.</p>

      <p>It seemed as if just its head might far outstrip Aries’ monstrous size. I couldn’t tell whether it had folded its body and fit into the mountain that way or if it had been buried... <em>Just how many tens—no, hundreds or even thousands—of kilometers long would it be? I can’t even imagine.</em></p>

      <p>At any rate, if that thing started moving, Vanaheim would be crushed easily.</p>

      <p><em>No, wait. If things go badly, could it even wreck the world...?</em></p>

      <p>“It’s one of the Goddess’ soldiers and an arbitrator of this world. It’s one of the five dragons of this world, and it presides over the element of Sun. This is the Ouroboros of Heaven.”</p>

      <p>I shivered as Parthenos named it.</p>

      <h2>11</h2>

      <p>Dragons existed in this world. They were largely split into two camps: dragons and the Ouroboros. Split further, there were four categories, including the previous ones: wyverns, dragons, dinosaurs, and the Ouroboros.</p>

      <p>In order of strength, the weakest would be wyverns. In strict terms, they weren’t actually even dragons. They were simply lizards and snakes that’d mutated to be more dragon-like. It was a really misleading name.</p>

      <p>Earth also had dragon-like lizards, like the komodo dragon and armored lizard. Basically, anything that had been mutated by mana to look like a dragon, such as those lizards, was deemed a wyvern. The wyverns that Mars had kept with him also fell into this category, of course. (By the way, before they mutated, they had been draco lizards.)</p>

      <p>Also, snakes that had mutated the same way were called Wyrms. <em>It’s truly confusing.</em></p>

      <p>As for why something like that existed, the story started with the original console RPG, where a weak, dragon-like monster would appear. After that, whenever dragons appeared in the story, the players would go, “Didn’t dragons show up in the first game, too?”</p>

      <p>This caused the admin side to panic. They’d totally forgotten that a weakling dragon appeared in the first work. At the end of all that worrying, one of the producers made an excuse that it wasn’t a dragon but a fake dragon that’d mutated from a snake.</p>

      <p>And thus the confusing dragon lineage was born. That was how all this came to be.</p>

      <p>Of course, wyverns and wyrms were just reptiles that had been mutated when they turned into monsters. They were in no way dragons. So they weren’t very strong. They just looked that way. Well, even if they were fake, they still looked cool, so they were pretty popular with Tamers.</p>

      <p>Next would be dinosaurs. Dinosaurs had been around on Mizgarz since the beginning and, for some reason, had yet to die out. They were literally dinosaurs. That also meant they were animals and not monsters. But they were still very strong, able to easily predate on the weaker monsters, devilfolk, and adventurers. At the very least, they were far and away scarier and stronger than wyverns and wyrms.</p>

      <p>Recent studies on Earth revealed that dinosaurs used to be feathered, so these were probably quite a ways removed from Earth’s dinosaurs. <em>I mean, these dinosaurs are totally what you’d see in a dinosaur encyclopedia from the 20th century.</em></p>

      <p>The next strongest were dragons. Whenever someone in this world referenced dragons, this was usually what they meant. Of course, these were also monsters that had been mutated with mana, but they were on a whole other level of dangerousness. It might surprise you, but dragons were dinosaurs that had been mutated and turned into monsters by mana.</p>

      <p>Dragons were dinosaurs, which were already strong, made stronger by mana. So of course they were just ridiculously strong at that point. There was a movie about a dinosaur being exposed to radiation and mutating. This was basically that movie in real life. Dragons were huge, tough, and breathed fire, so mid-level players needed to team up to even barely manage to beat one. The ones that mutated from large carnivore-type dinosaurs were especially bad. Even the Seven Luminaries wouldn’t stand a chance. Ten Marses might lose against one of them.</p>

      <p>But there existed a type of monster that made those dragons look like small-fry in comparison. And one of those was right in front of me—an ouroboros.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Ouroboros of Heaven</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 1000</p>

      <p>【Race】: Ouroboros</p>

      <p>【Attribute】: Sun</p>

      <p>【HP】: 10000000/10000000</p>

      <p>【SP】: ∞</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: ?????</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: ????</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: ?????</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: ????</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: ?????</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: ????</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: ????<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Using the skill Observing Eye, I tried to check its stats, but honestly, I wished I hadn’t.</p>

      <p>Its HP was higher than anything I’d ever seen before, and its SP was literally infinite. In other words, this was one of those tropes that happened in games where only the enemy got to infinitely use skills. This was probably because they were the guardians of this world. Like, the reason was that they could use as much of the world’s power as they wanted or something.</p>

      <p>“The Five Dragons... So they actually exist.”</p>

      <p>I knew of them. They only existed in lore, and I had read about them. But actually seeing one in front of me... <em>This is really bad. </em>This was a monster that must never be allowed to awaken. It was on a whole other level.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll say this clearly. Even if its stats are similar to Lufas’, I don’t think I can win.</em></p>

      <p>I might be able to put up a good fight, but I’d lose just because of the stark difference in HP. Even supposing every hit I dealt caused the maximum amount of damage allowed by the system, I’d still have to land 101 hits. <em>Maybe it’d work if I teamed up with all the Seven Heroes in their prime...?</em></p>

      <p>Even though it was only sleeping, I could feel just how bad fighting it would be. I felt tingling and goosebumps on my skin just from watching it sleep.</p>

      <p>“Normally, they’d sleep like this forever. But they will awaken if they sense that the world is truly threatened and carry out their duty as guardians.”</p>

      <p>“So the reason We sealed this place off was to seal this one?”</p>

      <p>“In actuality, my barrier doesn’t have the power to contain it. However, by maintaining the surroundings as they are, I can prevent it from sensing anything that goes on outside and make it believe that everything is still peaceful, thus preventing it from awakening. The reason why I drove out the members of Vanaheim was to prevent them from getting mixed up on the off chance it does awaken.”</p>

      <p>“...Aries and the others did quite a number on the town earlier...”</p>

      <p>“I panicked when that happened. It’s all right, since this one didn’t wake up, but if it had, then my two hundred years of effort would have gone up in smoke.”</p>

      <p>“S-Sorry.” I wiped off some cold sweat with the back of my hand and thanked my lucky stars.</p>

      <p>I never expected there to be a monster like this here. If that earlier commotion had woken it up, it would have been game over for all of us. <em>No, wait. Maybe we could have managed to escape?</em></p>

      <p>“Do Merak and the others know of this thing?”</p>

      <p>“Only a rare few among the heaven-winged should know about this, and Merak should be one of them. They called this one their holy guardian deity and worshiped it.”</p>

      <p>“Guardian deity...? Right, so Levia in Svel is an imitation of this?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Megrez used the ouroboros as a model and made an imitation god. That’s Levia in a nutshell.”</p>

      <p>A guardian deity... <em>I see.</em></p>

      <p>It was true that Levia had an appearance fitting of being called a guardian deity. But if you took that form too far, then it’d become a god of destruction that broke things just by moving. At the very least, I wouldn’t be able to bring myself to worship these ouroboroses as guardian deities after hearing that there were four more of these around somewhere. <em>I mean, wouldn’t anyone feel the same?</em></p>

      <p>If the Goddess ever woke all five of them up on a whim and had them take a walk, the world would be destroyed. These ouroboroses could kill people and destroy the surroundings just by moving. This thing was way too huge to be calling itself something like that. There was no way something like this could be called a guardian deity. They were gods of destruction.</p>

      <p>“Once upon a time, you plotted to dismantle the Goddess’ Scenario. But no matter how strong you were, you had no chance of victory if you had to face the Goddess and all five of her ouroboroses at once. So you took the initiative and sealed all five of the ouroboroses across the world. Once you’d taken care of the Devil King, you planned on gathering all the fighting power in Mizgarz and waging a war of independence against the Goddess.”</p>

      <p>“...You said that these things will awaken if they sense that the world is in danger, yes? What would be the standard for judging that? Why doesn’t this current state of affairs, where the devilfolk endanger the continued survival of humanity, count?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t know the answer to that. But the Goddess is probably the one who set the standard. If they haven’t woken up because of the devilfolk, then that would be because the Goddess doesn’t think of them as a threat...”</p>

      <p>“Or she actually approves of them and their actions?”</p>

      <p>“Exactly.”</p>

      <p><em>Approval, huh? Well, that would still be on the better side of things.</em></p>

      <p>The worst case would be that she commanded them herself. If the Goddess herself had command over the devilfolk, that would be awful. And everything that I knew right now pointed that out as a very real possibility.</p>

      <p><em>Still though, I don’t know if I should call past Lufas reckless or what... She was reaching way too far. And in the end, she was done in by the Seven Heroes. She didn’t even make it to the Goddess, her ouroboroses, or even the Devil King.</em></p>

      <p><em>Like, what the hell?</em></p>

      <p>“So the others are sealed, too?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Under your orders, the Ouroboros of Earth is being taken care of by Tauros the Ox. The Ouroboros of Fire is being sealed by Aquarius the Water Bearer. I took on the Ouroboros of Heaven. And the Ouroboros of Wood is being sealed by one of Gemini of the Twins. She’s chased off—or rather, evacuated—the locals.”</p>

      <p>“What about the Ouroboros of the Moon?”</p>

      <p>“We still don’t know where that one is. It should be somewhere within this world, though.”</p>

      <p><em>The Ouroboros of the Moon, huh?</em></p>

      <p><em>It couldn’t actually be on the moon, like its name suggests, could it? </em>I considered it for a moment before dismissing the idea.<em> </em>There was no way.</p>

      <p>If the Sun element ouroboros was actually on Mizgarz instead of on the sun, then the Moon element ouroboros should have been here somewhere, too. So that meant it was in a position to move at any time the Goddess wanted it to.</p>

      <p><em>No, wait. Maybe it’s already moving, but no one’s noticed?</em></p>

      <p>“Thank you for telling us. Let’s return, Parthenos.”</p>

      <p>“As you wish!”</p>

      <p><em>Seriously though, just what was past Lufas thinking, picking a fight with a goddess? I keep learning new stuff one thing after the other. It’s getting hard to make sense of anything.</em></p>

      <p><em>But there is one thing I know.</em></p>

      <p><em>There’s “the Goddess’ Scenario,” “my rebellion,” and “a trick played by the Goddess.” I might be stupid, but even I can figure this out. And by ‘this’ I mean the question of why I’m here.</em></p>

      <p>Lufas Maphaahl was probably a big thorn in the Goddess’ side. In fact, she might have been a straight-up pain in the ass. And of course she was. Someone who was rebelling against you in a world you created would be nothing less.</p>

      <p>So the Goddess did something when Lufas revived and sealed her memories. And that something was me.</p>

      <p><em>Goddammit... Agghh, fuck. This is seriously messed up.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’m seriously just an extra burden here. I’m just a lid to suppress the real Lufas and stop her from completing her objective. </em>That was the ‘new role’ the Goddess was talking about! She used an outsider like me to cover and seal away the real Lufas, causing her to forget what she’d been after in the first place.</p>

      <p><em>But I don’t get it... Why me?</em> If Lufas really did need to be dealt with like this, then there should have been someone better, someone who’d much more willingly follow the Goddess.</p>

      <p>Anyway, I now had more things to do on this journey. I needed to figure out a way to see the Goddess and ask why she’d involved me.</p>

      <p><em>...No, that’s wrong.</em> The things I had to do didn’t increase. I’d just found one.</p>

      <p>Up until now, I’d just been going along with the flow of things. I didn’t really have an actual goal. I didn’t really feel grounded in this world. That was probably the doing of the Goddess as well. She was the one who’d picked an irresponsible person that just went with the flow. Someone who was optimistic and didn’t think too deeply and allowed themselves to be swept along without a worry... There was no doubt she’d chosen someone like that on purpose.</p>

      <p><em>In other words, someone like me.</em></p>

      <p>I wanted to go on a journey because I was so excited that I’d been summoned to another world. I wanted to gather the Twelve Heavenly Stars because they were doing stupid things. And since I couldn’t find the motivation to act without some sort of goal, I just found whatever seemed appropriate and went with that.</p>

      <p><em>But this time it’s different.</em></p>

      <p><em>I want to know. I want to know why the Goddess put me here.</em></p>

      <p><em>And why was it me?</em></p>

      <p>There was no way I could ignore this burning question. More than anything, it made me sick to think that I was being used, made to dance to someone else’s tune. The reason the Goddess put me in Lufas was because Lufas was a thorn in her side. So she used me to hide her real personality away.</p>

      <p>Then... <em>Right.</em> <em>If that’s something the Goddess doesn’t want, then let’s do that. I’ll find out what Lufas’ original goal was, and do everything she wanted to do.</em></p>

      <p>There was no way the Goddess could just stay silent if I did that. She’d definitely try to pull something down the line, and I’d be able to come in contact with her.</p>

      <p><em>So from now on, I’ll seriously try and become Lufas. I’ll retrace her steps and chase her goals.</em></p>

      <p><em>This isn’t out of some sense of justice, bravery, or concern over this world’s future.</em></p>

      <p><em>This is personal.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’ll be making a counterattack against the Goddess that got me involved.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>After reuniting with Dina and the others, we decided to leave Vanaheim. Given the reason why Vanaheim was sealed off, there was nothing more to do here.</p>

      <p>Luckily, Parthenos told me where the other Twelve Heavenly Stars who were sealing the other ouroboroses were, so if I ran out of places to go, I could just visit them. We didn’t know where the Goddess could be hiding, according to Parthenos, which was why she simply told me all this instead of writing it down or anything.</p>

      <p>“Be careful, Miss Lufas. The Goddess has a special power called ‘Avatar.’ The Goddess herself won’t move. But she can make a puppet that will move as she desires and manipulate people. It’s possible for a random townsperson whom you consider to be powerless to actually be the Goddess,” Parthenos told me.</p>

      <p>There were three other places where ouroboroses were being sealed.</p>

      <p>First, the Ouroboros of Earth was being sealed in the underground realm of Helheim, otherwise known as Hell. As the name Hell implied, it was the birthplace of Aigokeros, and it was a high-difficulty dungeon that mass-spawned demon-type monsters.</p>

      <p>This hadn’t been verified, but it was also said that the souls of evil people circulated through here before being reborn. In fact, there were evil spirit-type monsters that appeared there. And it seemed that Tauros the Ox was taking care of the seal there.</p>

      <p>Next was the Ouroboros of Fire. That one was sealed far south in a scorching-hot area called Muspelheim... It was currently considered devilfolk territory. The protector of that seal was Aquarius the Water Bearer. She was an essential source of Water magic.</p>

      <p><em>So that’s where she is. </em>Well, luckily, Dina could use Water magic, too.</p>

      <p>Lastly was the Ouroboros of Wood. This one was sealed in the fairies’ homeland, Alfheim. It was a forest of light where all fairies originated from. Any enemy you met there would always be a fairy or a spirit.</p>

      <p>The one keeping the ouroboros sealed there was Gemini, the Twins. As their name suggested, the Twins were a strange star that included two people. Thanks to that, some idiots had opined that it should be the Thirteen Stars instead.</p>

      <p><em>At any rate, I’ll be leaving meeting up with these people until later.</em> <em>I can’t just easily pop up where the others are sealed, and they’re not causing any trouble, anyway.</em></p>

      <p>For now, I decided to keep to searching for the Twelve Heavenly Stars that were active within humanity’s sphere of influence. Still, Alfheim was just barely within that territory looking at a map, so it might be nice to stop by.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me, Miss Lufas. I really do want to go with you, but as you can see, I’m dead. I won’t be of any use to you like this.”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. Don’t worry about it. We are thankful for your loyalty, which persists even after death.”</p>

      <p>“Those words are wasted on me. But please, be at ease. While I might not be able to go, Virgo will go in my place.”</p>

      <p>“Wha—?!” Virgo sounded surprised at Parthenos’ sudden announcement.</p>

      <p>It seemed this was the first she’d heard of it.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, Parthenos. Is it really okay to make her come with me without talking about it with her at all? </em></p>

      <p>“She’s still immature, but I’ve pounded the basics into her. She will surely aid you.”</p>

      <p>“Um, Gran... I still...”</p>

      <p>It was obvious that Virgo seemed against it, but Parthenos pushed her into Tanaka and concluded the conversation herself.</p>

      <p>“Virgo, my granddaughter, I won’t allow you to stay holed up in this forest. Understand? It’s all right. Go out and see the world already. It’ll be good for you.”</p>

      <p>“Whaaa...?”</p>

      <p>Well, it was true that I was glad she was coming with us. With Parthenos dead, I’d need a new ‘Maiden’ anyway, and since Virgo’s already over level 300, she was really strong for this day and age. Also, if I trained her, she could actually get to level 1000, since she wasn’t a monster. It might be possible for her to actually become the strongest of the Twelve Heavenly Stars. She’d probably get there once I power leveled her by stopping the enemy and making her deliver the finishing blow. She was heaven-winged, so she’d most likely be great at heaven-arts, and her base stats would be high, too. And she could fly.</p>

      <p><em>Yep, she’s perfect.</em></p>

      <p>“Well, if she herself is okay with it, that would be great... Are you sure, Virgo?”</p>

      <p>“Urgh... Well, with what Gran said, even if I don’t go with you, I’ll just be chased out of the forest anyway... P-Please take care of me from now on.”</p>

      <p>And just like that, Virgo joined us as the second-generation ‘Maiden,’ and we left Vanaheim.</p>

      <p>Seeing Parthenos continue waving to us until she disappeared into the distance left quite the impression.</p>

      <p><em>Like, some people are just energetic even when they’re dead, huh?</em></p>

      <p><em>It might be nice to come back and visit if we’re ever in the area again.</em></p>

      <h2>12</h2>

      <p><em>This might come off as sudden, but let’s go over my goal and what’s happened so far once again.</em> Reviewing things like this every once in a while was pretty important. If you didn’t, then you might wander off course without realizing it, and you’d find yourself eventually trying to do something completely different.</p>

      <p>Starting off, my first goal was to take a trip around the world and see the sights. But I couldn’t say that anymore, given my current circumstances. I was already on a journey and seeing the world in a sense, so this was no longer a goal anyway.</p>

      <p>Next was gathering the Twelve Heavenly Stars and meeting the Seven Heroes. Currently, I had Aries, Libra, Aigokeros, and Parthenos...had stayed in the forest, so I now had Virgo instead. That made four I’d gathered so far.</p>

      <p>When we’d first started, Dina had been aware of the locations of six members of the Twelve Heavenly Stars. That meant there were still two more we could find using her information. But she had also said that out of the six she knew of, two had gone over to the devilfolk. The two who defected were the Goat and the Scorpion, so that meant we already knew where five out of the six members Dina knew of were. This also meant that there was only one more member for us to find with her current information.</p>

      <p>But with Parthenos’ new info, we now knew where the Twins, the Water Bearer, and the Ox were. <em>And</em> <em>the Lion is in the middle of a fight with Benetnasch, I believe.</em> In other words, with four Stars already with me, I now knew the locations of a further five Stars.</p>

      <p><em>I suppose if I listed it, it’d look like this?</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Retrieval complete: Sheep, Scales, Goat, Maiden</p>

      <p>Location known: Twins, Water Bearer, Ox, Scorpion, Lion</p>

      <p>Location unknown: Archer, Fish, Crab<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>This is going to be a long process...</em></p>

      <p>As for the Seven Heroes, I’d met Megrez and Merak already, so that only left Benetnasch. But Benetnasch would be a real problem. Apparently, she’d retained her peak strength, and I also heard that she hadn’t participated in the fight against the Devil King. On top of that, she seemed to completely see me as an enemy. She was extremely dangerous.</p>

      <p><em>Well, it’s not like I didn’t expect this.</em></p>

      <p>The Seven Heroes once defeated me in the first place, so of course they’d be starting from the standpoint of an enemy. Being friendly would actually be more unnatural.</p>

      <p>The first two heroes were quite friendly to me, so I’d let my guard down. But in a sense, Benetnasch would be more ‘correct’ in her attitude towards me than they were. At the very least, she was much easier to understand than someone who regretted defeating me after the fact. She was easier to understand...but still dangerous. She was probably the most troublesome enemy so far.</p>

      <p>The fact that she’d retained her strength meant that she was still level 1000, and that meant something different for one of the Seven Heroes compared to your regular level 1000 character. She was part of the stat-boosting faction, who’d forced their stats higher by eating bits and pieces of monsters. Also, Benetnasch’s stats had been a close second to mine in the game, so along with the advantages that came from being a vampire, she was exceptionally strong. If we were to fight during the morning or daytime, I’d win almost every time, but she’d probably come out on top during the night.</p>

      <p>On top of that, the fact that she was aiming for my neck probably meant she wasn’t a player. The ruling was only tentative, but that meant that it was probably safe to assume that all of the Seven Heroes were residents of this world. That meant Dina and I were the only people from the ‘other side.’</p>

      <p><em>So, that brings us to the one Benetnasch is currently waging war with—Leon of the Twelve Heavenly Stars.</em></p>

      <p>The worst part about this situation was the fact that he viewed me as an enemy, too. If I carelessly got too close, I’d be double attacked by both Leon and Benetnasch.</p>

      <p>Of course, that’d be impossible to deal with. <em>No joke.</em></p>

      <p><em>...For now, let’s stay far away from Benetnasch.</em></p>

      <p>Next: the hero.</p>

      <p>I had gone back to Laevateinn once, since I’d thought the hero would be killed. But actually, the Devil King didn’t even think the hero was worth thinking about. He was aiming for me, which had been a surprise. <em>So leaving the hero alone for a while should be fine.</em></p>

      <p>There was still a possibility of him being targeted by the Seven Luminaries, but he had a tiger beastfolk at over level 100 with him, along with another two who were decently strong. There had also been several others hiding in the shadows who seemed to be Rangers. As long as multiple Luminaries didn’t gang up on the hero and his party, then they should be able to fight through it.</p>

      <p><em>Well, it still might be a good idea to make some security golems and send them over.</em></p>

      <p>Then, lastly, there was the main dish, that being to look into the original Lufas’ goals and intentions and put a crack in the ‘Scenario’ of the Goddess who selfishly involved me in all this. Then, I’d drag that Goddess out into the open and ask why she’d grabbed me.</p>

      <p>I didn’t know just what the Goddess had been thinking when she put me inside Lufas. And what she wanted me to do was still a mystery. But... <em>Yeah, that’s why I want to know.</em> I needed to know. If I didn’t find out, I’d never be able to move on. I’d just be stuck here. I was tired of having no foothold in this world. I was tired of not being attached to anything and just wandering around without a destination.</p>

      <p><em>So first, I’ll fall to the ground. And I’ll be at the starting line.</em></p>

      <p><em>That’s why I’m rebelling against the Goddess.</em></p>

      <p>I was now grateful that I’d resonated with Lufas so strongly ever since I arrived in this world. If I was still just ‘me,’ I’d certainly never have reached this conclusion. If I’d stayed as just myself—all optimistic, foolish, thoughtless, and aloof—I’d surely still just be thinking something like <em>Woohoo! I’m in a game world!</em> I wouldn’t have had a doubt in the world, and I’d have just been enjoying the place for what it was.</p>

      <p>Even though I had just been dropped into an MMO world all of a sudden, I had still been delighted, even while being bewildered. And even though I clearly possessed someone else’s body, I’d accepted that without any sense of guilt. It might have seemed as if I were facing reality, but I had just been running away. I hadn’t even tried to find a way to go back.</p>

      <p>If I were to do anything, I’d just put myself on display. And if I were to set anything as my goal, I’d just surround myself with convenient people. I’d happily stick my nose into trouble while claiming I didn’t like to be involved with anything troublesome, and even while complaining about it, I’d still wish for trouble deep down. I’d basically been waiting for a stage to look cool on. I’d wanted to be praised, acknowledged, revered, worshiped, put on a pedestal, and respected... I’d wanted to be drunk and heady with how cool I was and hang around in this dream world for as long as I’d wanted.</p>

      <p><em>Aghh, how preposterous.</em></p>

      <p>It was crazy to think I’d rather be in a game world than boring Japan when modern Japan would be the stuff of dreams to the people of Mizgarz. It was peaceful, all your needs were met, and you even had the leeway to play games. It was as if I wasn’t even looking at what was right in front of me. I was just such a person.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, I’ll admit it.</em> I was a convenient, easy-to-manipulate person for the Goddess. So I was probably pretty suitable to act as a lid for Lufas.</p>

      <p>But too bad that lid (me) was a little too weak to hold Lufas in.</p>

      <p>Well, that was only natural. After all, Lufas had been fighting night and day in Mizgarz while I spent my days playing games without any hardship. The strength of our egos and the tenacity of our wills would naturally be completely different. You didn’t even have to think about it that much to come to that conclusion.</p>

      <p>The lid was already open. I could tell. <em>I guess that means this situation won’t be continuing for much longer.</em></p>

      <p><em>...Wow, I’m going to have to find the Goddess quickly, get her to take me out of Lufas, and send me back to my world, or this time, Lufas is going to be my lid.</em></p>

      <p><em>That would be... Yeah, I’m going to take a hard pass on that.</em></p>

      <p><em>Right. That’s the end of the review.</em></p>

      <p>Thinking about all of that again like this, it really did drive home how hopeless I was. The fact that Lufas and I had been resonating with each other for so long, and I’d only realized I was in trouble when things had gotten this far, was really bad.</p>

      <p>But thanks to that, I was finally looking forward. <em>It’s kind of hilarious how ironic that is. I’m actually smiling right now.</em></p>

      <p>“...Miss Lufas?” Aries, who was sitting next to me, called out to me hesitantly.</p>

      <p><em>I know this isn’t a huge thing, but stop looking at me with those upturned eyes. Even though I know you’re a guy, that look is pretty devastating.</em> With those thoughts running through my head, I turned to look at Aries.</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“No, uhh... Were you thinking of something?”</p>

      <p>“Why do you ask?”</p>

      <p>“Your uhh...face...”</p>

      <p>“Face?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. ...Umm...recently, you’ve been much calmer and gentler than you used to be, Miss Lufas. It’s like you’ve been more carefree and at peace or something. But the expression you were making just now looked like the old you.”</p>

      <p>“...We see.”</p>

      <p><em>Huh. So now ‘Lufas’ is showing up in my expressions as well. I really am in trouble. I can still feel my own consciousness, but I might actually disappear soon.</em></p>

      <p>I didn’t know just how much time I had left, but there was no doubt that I’d shortened that time greatly by visiting Vanaheim. My sense of self would most likely only continue to fade as I delved into Lufas’ memories and desires.</p>

      <p>But, if I didn’t do that, I’d never be able to discover the clues I needed in order to find the one who’d involved me in all this. By fearing disappearing and not doing anything, I’d be doing exactly what the Goddess wanted, too. That was probably what I’d been meant to do originally.</p>

      <p><em>Why is this such a shitty game? The closer I get to completing it, the closer I get to the game over screen, too. </em>And I might stay and enjoy the game for a long time, but that would only be for the mastermind’s benefit.</p>

      <p><em>This game really is shitty.</em></p>

      <p>At any rate, I needed to concentrate on getting the remaining Twelve Heavenly Stars back right now...especially the Scorpion.</p>

      <p><em>...I guess what I need to do didn’t really change all that much in the end.</em></p>

      <p>“Aigokeros, which country do you think Scorpius will target next?”</p>

      <p>“Right! She has told me she plans to destroy Blutgang next.”</p>

      <p>Blutgang...the country that Mizar founded.</p>

      <p>That country was missing its founder, one of the Seven Heroes, of course, so it would probably be easier to attack compared to Svel or Gjallarhorn. It was also known as the country that many craftsmen took up residence in, as well as the country that handled most of the world’s industrial needs. It was quite an important target.</p>

      <p>Given that she’d already brought down Hrotti, which had been founded by the deceased Phecda, it seemed that Scorpius was attacking her targets in ascending order of difficulty.</p>

      <p>“Dina, what about the last of the Twelve Heavenly Stars which you know of?”</p>

      <p>“That would be Karkinos the Crab.”</p>

      <p><em>Karkinos, huh?</em> He was the one with the best defensive abilities in the Twelve Heavenly Stars. His endurance was stupidly high, his defense incredibly rock-solid, and he had the “Covering” skill to defend allies. He was a complete defense-type, made to become a shield for others.</p>

      <p>But on the other hand, he only had one skill for attacking, and even that one was a counter ability, so he was terribly inefficient. His singular attack skill, “Acubens,” returned half the damage an enemy had dealt to him back to the enemy, so it was quite strong. For example, if he were to activate Acubens in response to Brachium, he’d then be dealing over 50,000 damage in return. It dealt more damage the stronger the user’s enemies were. <em>Putting it like that, it might be a really strong skill.</em></p>

      <p>But its compatibility with the Scorpion was awful. Damage from the poison status didn’t count as damage from the enemy, so Karkinos’ counter wouldn’t work. He’d just be one-sidedly shaved away. Of course, poison damage also didn’t care about a person’s defenses, so Karkinos wouldn’t be able to stop it.</p>

      <p>For better or worse, Karkinos was a really polarizing fighter.</p>

      <p>“Where is he?”</p>

      <p>“In Blutgang.”</p>

      <p>“So they’ve overlapped. We suppose this is good fortune.”</p>

      <p>“It might also be bad fortune.”</p>

      <p>Karkinos and Scorpius were both in the same place. <em>No, Scorpius is only targeting Blutgang, so they aren’t yet, but they will be. </em></p>

      <p>It could be said that this was a great chance for me to sweep up two Stars without having to move anywhere. But I’d also be dealing with two Stars at the same time, so it would be too optimistic to assume that nothing would happen.</p>

      <p>Even just by considering what happened with the previous Stars, Parthenos was the only one who wasn’t stirring up trouble. Aries and Aigokeros caused lots of trouble, and they’d started a fight as soon as they’d met each other, too. In other words, even seeing another member of the Twelve Heavenly Stars might end in a bloodbath instead of a simple exchange of pleasantries.</p>

      <p>No. In this case, it would also be terrible if they hit it off. If the Scorpion and Crab both teamed up, they might take Blutgang down in a single day. With the Crab who wouldn’t let any damage from the enemy through, and the Scorpion who would then be free to spread as much poison as she wanted...</p>

      <p><em>Just imagining this awful combo gives me the shivers.</em></p>

      <p><em>We’re going to need to hurry to Blutgang, aren’t we?</em></p>

      <h2>13</h2>

      <p>A small part of Mizgarz’ architectural technology surpassed that of Earth’s. It was all thanks to the fact that, unlike the people of Earth, the people of Mizgarz possessed a fantastic power by the name of alchemy, which allowed them to build things that would normally be impossible. Take my ridiculously big grave for example; it was thanks to alchemy that the thing only took ten years to build. If people had tried to build it on Earth, it would have taken much longer.</p>

      <p>Still, there was a limit to everything. Even alchemy wasn’t omnipotent; there should be an upper limit to what it could do. However, sometimes geniuses were born who could cause disaster, and people like that always ignored the path laid out by common sense in order to forge their own way, going places that no one could foresee.</p>

      <p>So, what I meant was... That the man named Mizar was one of those people and...I have only now realized just how far off course he’d been.</p>

      <p>We’d been traveling for a few days in Tanaka. The place we arrived at was a huge—no, incredibly huge—castle-like structure. It towered up into the sky, and it was over 1 km long.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, is this thing a castle? Really?</em></p>

      <p><em>There’s ports for cannons here and there; it’s more like a battleship.</em></p>

      <p>While I stared at it in wonder, Dina called out to me. “There it is. That’s our next destination, the ‘Mobile Capital Blutgang.’”</p>

      <p>“...Mobile...Capital?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. The Blacksmith King Mizar’s last and greatest creation was Blutgang itself—300 m tall, 1100 m long, and 400 m wide. It’s a golem made completely out of Orichalcum, and it’s level 770. To date, it has repelled all attacks from the devilfolk. Inside, it is split into 15 floors with sections for residential and industrial areas, or so I’ve heard.”</p>

      <p><em>So the entire capital is a weapon? What the hell? That’s frightening.</em></p>

      <p>Just who would expect to see an entire city that was supposed to be their target get up and attack them? On top of that, it’s level 770, which meant that he used paid items to boost its power.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, who was it that said that Blutgang was a weak country? It’s ridiculously strong! The capital, that is.</em></p>

      <p><em>...Whoops. It was me.</em></p>

      <p><em>Hey, actually, Mizar, why are you the only one with a different sense of reality? This golem looks way more appropriate for a mecha anime with war in space and stuff like that. Why the hell did you make a gigantic battleship in a fantasy setting...? Think of people’s immersion!</em></p>

      <p>“So he made the capital itself a golem... Levia, Svel’s guardian deity, surprised us, but this surpasses even that. We suppose it should be expected of the Blacksmith King, though.”</p>

      <p>“*yawn* ...W-Wow, it’s huge.”</p>

      <p>Beside me, Virgo was awestruck. Her pure-white wings fluttered restlessly, and I could tell just how excited she was. Aries and Aigokeros were unmoved, so they’d probably already known about it. And Libra seemed overtly proud.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, oh right. Mizar’s kind of like Libra’s father, isn’t he?</em></p>

      <p>“Well, it’s a golem, as you can see. So it’s basically proof against physical attacks.”</p>

      <p>“Makes sense. It would probably be tough for Aries or Libra to take down.”</p>

      <p>“Apparently it transforms into a humanoid shape in emergencies and can punch enemies out.”</p>

      <p>“Anything goes, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. So against Scorpius, it’s...”</p>

      <p>“The worst matchup.”</p>

      <p>Blutgang itself was a golem, so poison wouldn’t work against it. In that sense, it had an advantage over Scorpius. But there were still citizens inside. It didn’t matter how strong Blutgang itself was. If the people inside all died, then it would still be a loss for them. In fact, since there was no place to escape within the enclosed space of the golem, it would be easier to fill the inside with poison.</p>

      <p>It seemed I’d made the right choice to hurry here.</p>

      <p>“Master Lufas, what will you do about your appearance?”</p>

      <p>“Dwarves shouldn’t be that long-lived, correct? So it should be all right as long as We hide our wings. Let’s go with the outfit We got from Megrez this time.”</p>

      <p>I selected the outfit that Megrez had gifted me in response to Libra’s question. My only two choices when appearing in public were either to go full suspicious-person-mode and cover myself with my cloak or to wear the bandages I’d gotten from Megrez. The first choice did make it nearly impossible to see my wings, but in exchange, I clearly looked very suspicious. The latter didn’t make me look as suspicious, but my face was still visible to anyone who could recognize me.</p>

      <p>Both had their advantages and disadvantages, so I needed to carefully choose which I would use. But if no one would recognize me anyway, then it was better to avoid looking so suspicious. <em>People who sneak around actually seem more suspicious, so being bold and acting like I belong is the right choice.</em></p>

      <p>I had Aigokeros turn around before I started to change. Aries also turned around in a hurry after he noticed what I was doing.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, crap. Aries is also a dude. He’s so indistinguishable from a girl that I completely forgot.</em></p>

      <p>Virgo looked confused, so Libra explained. “That one’s male.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, Miss Lufas. We can just keep going in Tanaka. Blutgang has a loading dock for golems.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? How convenient.”</p>

      <p>I decided to do as Dina suggested, so we approached without getting off Tanaka first. As we got closer, a walking armor came out from the castle accompanied by clanking noises. It was probably a security golem employed by Blutgang.</p>

      <p><em>It looks to be around level 50 at first glance. This one isn’t Mizar’s, is it?</em></p>

      <p>“S T O P. P L E A S E S H O W Y O U R P A S S P O R T A N D S T A T E Y O U R R E A S O N F O R T R A V E L.”</p>

      <p>“I am Dina, a free merchant. We came to do business. Here are our passports.”</p>

      <p>Dina held up our passports to the golem’s eye part. When she did so, the golem’s eye shined blue and beeped.</p>

      <p><em>Is it scanning the passport?</em></p>

      <p>“P A S S P O R T: C O N F I R M E D. N E X T, I W I L L I N S P E C T T H E I N S I D E O F Y O U R G O L E M.”</p>

      <p>Dina got out of Tanaka and beckoned to us.</p>

      <p><em>I guess we’ll have to wait outside until they’re done with their inspection.</em></p>

      <p>Since I had no reason to object, we all obediently stepped outside and joined Dina.</p>

      <p>“They’re going to inspect the inside of the golem to make sure we aren’t bringing in anything dangerous. Blutgang is famous for its solid defenses, and the thing it’s most careful of are the devilfolk and other similar enemies sneaking inside. Also, people who disguise themselves like Jupiter did generally get stopped here.”</p>

      <p>“We see. But if that’s the case, won’t Libra be noticed?”</p>

      <p>Libra looked like a maid, but inside, she was basically a walking weapons warehouse. Even leaving aside her machine guns, all the other weapons Libra stored within her should easily strike her out. She was basically a mobile safety hazard. <em>There’s no way they’ll let her in.</em></p>

      <p>Or so I thought, but the security golems didn’t say anything about Libra at all.</p>

      <p>“Please be at ease, Master. I am of much better quality than them. No defective golem that can only scan the surface of something will be able to detect my weapons.”</p>

      <p>“O-Oh.”</p>

      <p><em>Yep. A mobile safety hazard.</em> The fact that she wouldn’t get caught in checks like this made her even scarier.</p>

      <p>Libra wasn’t the only one who might get detected, either. Aigokeros was hiding in my shadow, so there was no worry about him. The problem was Aries. But the security golems didn’t say anything about Aries, either, and eventually, we were given permission to pass. While it felt mysterious to me, I noticed that Dina was looking smug.</p>

      <p>“You hid his status?”</p>

      <p>“Exactly!”</p>

      <p>Apparently Dina used her cheat abilities to trick the golems. <em>She really is insanely reliable in times like this.</em></p>

      <p>We got back into Tanaka and passed through the gate, with the golems seeing us off. After we passed through the gates that were surrounded by steel, we were signaled to by a dwarf who was probably something like a guide.</p>

      <p>“Hold on there. You’re going to have to leave your golem with us. It’s forbidden to travel by golem inside the capital.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. We’re going to be walking from here, everyone.”</p>

      <p>After leaving Tanaka to the dwarf, we stood in front of a giant door that probably led to the actual capital. The dwarf activated a switch next to the door, and it opened ponderously with all the noise one would expect. The giant door split into a left and right side as it opened, exposing the innards of Blutgang to us.</p>

      <p>The inside did, in fact, look like a regular city. The ceiling was painted to look like a real sky, complete with artificial light. The total size of the city wasn’t large, with only around 1100 x 400 m to work with, but there were many buildings packed tightly together, making full use of the space available. There were large roads, parks, and places that seemed like stores as well.</p>

      <p>The ceiling was quite high. From what I could tell, it stood about 15 m up, so the space didn’t feel very cramped or enclosed. In fact, I could see apartment buildings, condos, and other housing complexes. This place certainly didn’t feel like it was inside a golem.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t restrain my curiosity; I looked around everywhere. In a rare turn of events, it was Libra and not Dina who started explaining things after seeing how I was acting.</p>

      <p>“Among Blutgang’s fifteen total floors, the first eight are designated as residential areas. Each floor’s city is named simply, following the convention of First Floor Town, Second Floor Town, and so on. The ninth and tenth floors are the commercial floors, containing many different shops. The eleventh to thirteenth floors are the office area. All of Blutgang’s various companies are concentrated there, which are mostly workshops and warehouses. The fourteenth floor is for the royal family. Only they and the people they specifically give permission to are allowed to enter that floor. And the fifteenth floor is Blutgang’s brain, its control center. Only a select few are allowed onto that floor as well. The high-level golems that Mizar made himself are also stored there.”</p>

      <p>“You’re awfully knowledgeable.”</p>

      <p>“Blutgang is kind of like my little brother.”</p>

      <p><em>That’s a huge little brother you’ve got there, Libra.</em></p>

      <p>I stopped myself from saying that out loud as I took a peek at the usually inexpressive Libra’s face from the side. Even though their sizes were completely different, both Libra and Blutgang had been made by Mizar. She probably felt some attachment because of that.</p>

      <p>“So, Karkinos is somewhere in here... Correct?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. For sure.” For some reason, Dina went as far as to add ‘for sure’ to her reply. Dina was probably bothered by the fact that last time, she’d said that Parthenos was alive and well only for us to find out that she was actually dead.</p>

      <p><em>Personally, I actually feel closer to Dina knowing that she’s not infallible, but I guess there’s no real need for me to tell her that.</em></p>

      <p>“Hm... Then why not grab a meal for now? Luckily, there seem to be several eateries in the residential area as well.”</p>

      <p>“Apparently they were actually placed in the commercial area, but complaints were raised about how annoying it was to travel that far to eat. So now, the restaurants and some general stores have moved to the residential areas.”</p>

      <p>While listening to Libra’s explanation, I continued walking through the city. Compared to the other cities I’d seen so far, this one seemed much more modern. Of course, it still felt old and outdated compared to modern Japan, but it certainly didn’t feel like a city from the Middle Ages.</p>

      <p><em>Let’s see... Maybe the Early Modern Era? I suppose the closest analogy would be...London in the 18</em><em><sup>th</sup></em><em> or 19</em><em><sup>th</sup></em><em> century.</em></p>

      <p>Of course, this wasn’t actually the case. This was simply the closest comparison I could make using the knowledge I had on hand.</p>

      <p>Unlike London, there weren’t bridges crisscrossing the landscape or anything like that. In the first place, Blutgang wasn’t big enough nor did it have the lakes or even ponds that would necessitate bridges, although there were small ones for pedestrian traffic. There was also a limit to the height of buildings due to the ceiling, so everything ended up a little shorter as well. That was all right, though.</p>

      <p>At any rate, I wanted something to eat. It wasn’t as if I hadn’t had anything to eat today, but since we were traveling, pretty much all the food we had were things that could be preserved for a long time. Tanaka did have a mock refrigerator, but it wasn’t nearly as effective as the real deal. I didn’t really know how a refrigerator worked in the first place. I’d just made a hermetically sealed box and thrown ice that Dina had made inside. So it was less a refrigerator and more a cooler. It was better than nothing, but it still wasn’t quite right. It just didn’t feel proper. Given that, it was always better to enjoy food as much as you could while you were in a town or village. <em>Having good food helps alleviate stress. That’s just obvious.</em></p>

      <p>“Ah, Miss Lufas. Doesn’t this place look nice?”</p>

      <p>“Hm... We would prefer that one across the street with the crab sign, though.”</p>

      <p>Virgo pointed to a stylish-looking restaurant built out of wood, which was rare for this place. There were pots lined up in front of the store, giving it a nice accent. But I was more interested in the place that advertised seafood even though we were inside a golem.</p>

      <p><em>Still though, Virgo’s actually asserting herself. She just joined us, so I guess I should fold here. We can just try the crab place next time.</em></p>

      <p>“However, this restaurant does certainly have a good sense of style. Let’s eat here.”</p>

      <p>“Yay!”</p>

      <p>Virgo was like Aries in that they shared some childlike aspects, but unlike Aries, she had a much brighter personality. She was energetic, and it was heartwarming to see. <em>Actually, Aries is a little too introverted. It’d be great if she rubbed off on him.</em></p>

      <p>With that thought, I opened the door to the restaurant and stepped inside.</p>

      <p><em>Now, then. What kind of food do they serve?</em></p>

      <h2>14</h2>

      <p>“Welcome. Party of six?” As we entered, a small girl wearing an apron greeted us. At first glance, she seemed to be no older than twelve, but she most likely looked younger than she actually was.</p>

      <p>Dwarves were basically very short humans, so it was hard to tell their age from looks. In game lore, they were referred to as ‘shadow halflings,’ since it was said that they had originally been the same race as the halflings. According to the lore, the halflings had been split between wandering freely and living in caves at some point, which eventually divided the race into halflings and shadow halflings.</p>

      <p>Halflings were basically something like homo floresiensis (or like grassrunners from Sword World RPG, or the halflings from DnD) but not quite. More accurately, dwarves were also a member of the halfling race.</p>

      <p><em>That being said, all this is just from lore, and no one actually cares. I also think that halflings are simply halflings, and dwarves are dwarves. So from now on, I’ll ignore their scientific names and just refer to the floresiensis of the pair as halflings and dwarves as dwarves.</em></p>

      <p>Names and classifications were just like that sometimes, though. Even on Earth there were examples of this. Like hedgehogs, for example, which were much closer to moles than hogs. But no one cared about that, and everyone called them hedgehogs anyway. This was a similar case.</p>

      <p>It was pretty standard in fantasy settings to make dwarves into short people with huge beards, and this was no different in Mizgarz. Their short stature was a racial trait, and all the men grew magnificent beards. But other than that, they weren’t too different from humans. They didn’t age any slower or faster. Dwarves aged at a similar rate to humans. Honestly, they just didn’t shave.</p>

      <p>But, I had heard that dwarves grew muscle easier, probably in order to handle manual labor. It must have been a racial difference. The men probably burst with male hormones, since they got ripped with only a little work. Their eyebrows grew thick and bushy, and they started to look much rougher in general. Of course, their beards grew at an incredible rate as well.</p>

      <p>Finely chiseled features—basically what was commonly referred to as “the mature man face”—were also considered the most attractive among dwarves. That was why every single man basically looked like Santa Claus once they passed thirty.</p>

      <p>And as expected, humans with no beards or cool looks weren’t popular at all among dwarf women. <em>Dwarf women are all basically legal lolis who stan older men. Well, they all age normally, though, so once they get old enough, they just look like really short grandmas.</em></p>

      <p>“Your order?”</p>

      <p>So I looked at the menu and answered, “Barometz soup.”</p>

      <p>I’d been wanting to try barometz since I came to Mizgarz. In the game, food was treated as a healing item, and barometz was included in that.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Barometz was a kind of a monster, but it’d mutated in a very interesting way. Its true nature (probably) was that of a plant. The plant resembled a gourd plant, but for some reason, it sprouted a lamb. If left alone, the lamb matured into a sheep as it ate all the grass and plants around it, until finally starving to death when it ran out of food. The whole thing was unfathomable. It was clearly a failure of a species as far as survival was concerned. But it was still quite useful. Even the lamb’s hooves were made out of wool, so the whole thing could be turned into materials for use in something else.</p>

      <p>Barometzes were a reliable early game companion for Alchemists. It was fundamental knowledge that low-level Alchemists started off by farming barometzes until they’d gathered a full set of wool armor. I’d gone through several front line classes before starting Alchemist, though, so at that point, I was just hunting monsters and dinosaurs without batting an eye. On top of that, I’d already had Aries, who produced rainbow wool—the highest tier of all sheep-based materials—by then. Honestly, barometzes were nothing to me.</p>

      <p>Anyway, barometzes were delicious...apparently. I’d been told that their meat tasted like crab. I could only think of that as a joke now. <em>Well, it probably was a joke in the game. That was most likely what the game’s writers were aiming for.</em></p>

      <p><em>Still though, to think that they’ve been copied over directly to this world... How pitiful.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’ll still eat it, though.</em></p>

      <p>Or so I thought, but then I noticed Aries leveling a steady stare at me.</p>

      <p>“......”</p>

      <p>Noticing my gaffe, I hurriedly changed my order. “Ah, no... On second thought, We will have the mushroom soup.”</p>

      <p>I was careless. I shouldn’t have tried to order mutton in front of Aries, who was a sheep. Though, I’m not sure if barometz counts as a sheep. Of course, Aries probably wouldn’t hold it against me. But I was scared that he would try to cut off a piece of himself, because he thought something like ‘<em>so Miss Lufas likes mutton...’</em></p>

      <p><em>Damn. I guess I need to stay away from any animals that resemble one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars.</em></p>

      <p>“I’ll have a salad.”</p>

      <p>“Me too.”</p>

      <p>“Same here.”</p>

      <p>“I would like barometz soup.”</p>

      <p>While Dina, Aries, and Aigokeros all ordered a salad, Virgo didn’t hesitate to go for the barometz soup. She didn’t mind Aries’ stare at all. Actually, she didn’t even notice. Then she ordered goat next.</p>

      <p>“Oh, and some goat milk porridge, too.”</p>

      <p>Aigokeros’ stare was now added to the mix, but she still didn’t care. <em>She’s incredible, in a sense.</em></p>

      <p>“It’s amazing how you get ingredients in a golem, though.”</p>

      <p>“Well, you see... Inside the golem—” Dina started to explain, but was cut off by Libra.</p>

      <p>“There are agricultural production plants inside the golem. They mainly raise barometzes, simple ale fruits, tubers, and a variety of other vegetables. That being said, almost all of their food is imported.”</p>

      <p>Dina ground her teeth after having her role as expounder of knowledge taken away from her, but as always, Libra didn’t seem to mind.</p>

      <p><em>Why is it that all of you want to explain things so much?</em></p>

      <p><em>Well, whatever. Food’s more important right now.</em></p>

      <p>The soup that was brought out to me had a variety of sliced mushrooms in it and looked really inviting. There were some strains I didn’t recognize, but I wasn’t that knowledgeable on mushrooms in the first place. I couldn’t even tell the difference between matsutake and shimeji mushrooms. As long as they weren’t poisonous, I was fine with whatever mushroom was put in front of me.</p>

      <p>The soup’s taste was...good. Perfectly salted.</p>

      <p>The fact that the last bit of land humanity had managed to hold on to while the devilfolk took over most of the world was coastal was a small silver lining. There was that place where I’d fought with the Devil King...near Laevateinn. I remembered that place was near the ocean. Salt was important for health. If the devilfolk had ended up taking all the coastal land, then humanity would probably have crumbled without a fight.</p>

      <p>As I expected, though, this world’s culinary techniques weren’t as advanced as those on Earth. It felt like they just kind of boiled up this soup and put in whatever amount of salt felt appropriate.</p>

      <p><em>Well, I guess that’s only natural. I mean, all of Mizgarz is in a state of war, after all.</em> Nutritional value and amount was valued more than taste. People didn’t have the leeway to experiment for taste, nor did they have the spare ingredients. So it was inevitable that food culture hadn’t progressed. Experimenting to create delicious food was great. Nobody would object to good food. But the world just wasn’t in a state that would allow that.</p>

      <p>This world also lacked seasonings. That was probably one of the things preventing the growth of food culture as well. It was a staple of the fantasy genre for even pepper to be a rare and valuable item, and in the game, pepper actually was something that sold for a high price. <em>I think it was because places that can produce it are limited?</em></p>

      <p>Still, it wasn’t as precious as it had been on Earth in the Middle Ages. During that time on Earth, pepper was worth its weight in gold. It was during the Age of Exploration, too, so refrigeration technology hadn’t been invented yet. Pepper was indispensable in helping preserve food over long periods.</p>

      <p>But this world wasn’t in any sort of Age of Exploration, and Water magic existed. If a person wanted to preserve food, they could just use Water magic to put it on ice, and there were several other ways to preserve food on top of that. Of course, magic ice would still go back to being mana eventually, but that just meant you’d have to cast it again. In terms of preserving food, there was basically no need for pepper. Though, pepper was still valuable, even without that use.</p>

      <p><em>If there was even a slightly larger variety of spices, this soup would be much tastier... Oh well.</em></p>

      <p>I wouldn’t say I felt satisfied by the meal, but I’d finally managed to have something that wasn’t travel rations. So with a full belly, I paid the bill, and we left.</p>

      <p><em>The next thing on the list should be finding Karkinos.</em> Given the fact that I had no idea where he could be, there was no other choice but to turn over every stone in our search. But with how large Blutgang was, doing so would take too much time. Plus, a lot of this place was made up of residences, so we wouldn’t be able to search everywhere anyway. We weren’t the heroes of some RPG, so we couldn’t just barge into people’s homes and start breaking pots.</p>

      <p>“Libra, can you find Karkinos?”</p>

      <p>“Like I said earlier, I will be able to commit all the citizen’s breathing patterns to memory with enough time and use that to find him. Please wait a while.”</p>

      <p>“Then We guess we should just wait until Libra is done.”</p>

      <p>Libra should be able to take care of the search for Karkinos. She said it would take time, but it would probably still be much faster than having us physically search everywhere.</p>

      <p>That was when Dina made a suggestion. “Ah, then would it be okay for me to do some shopping? I should restock our food and water.”</p>

      <p>“Then I will serve as your guard.”</p>

      <p>Surprisingly, Libra volunteered to keep Dina safe as she shopped. Dina would probably be fine by herself, but she’d be doubly safe with Libra. In fact, I would have asked Libra to do that if she hadn’t volunteered.</p>

      <p>I wasn’t terribly concerned for Dina’s safety. She was level 1000, so she should have been able to deal with almost everything herself. But I was concerned, since I had no idea what Dina might get up to if she were left alone. She was a double agent for us, after all, so I already wasn’t quite sure what she was doing in the background. Despite all the danger, though, I’d still asked for her to join me.</p>

      <p>But with Libra nearby, even Dina shouldn’t be able to do anything too strange.</p>

      <p><em>But Libra is still searching for Karkinos. Will she be able to multitask?</em></p>

      <p>“Please be at ease. I will be able to continue searching while guarding Dina. In fact, it will be much more effective for me to get closer to the center anyway, since each floor of this golem is soundproof.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. Then We will leave it to you.”</p>

      <p>“You can count on me.”</p>

      <p>Dina and Libra left to go and restock our food and water, and I was finally left with nothing to do.</p>

      <p><em>What should I do until they come back? We just ate, and there aren’t convenience stores or anything similar around to kill time at. So I guess there’s nothing other than taking a walk?</em></p>

      <p>“All right. It’s free time until Dina and Libra come back. All of you, make sure you don’t cause trouble.”</p>

      <p>“What will you be doing, Miss Lufas?”</p>

      <p>“We will be taking a walk.”</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll come with you.”</p>

      <p>“Me too.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, then I’ll come too.”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>As soon as I told them that I’d be taking a walk, the sheep, goat, and maiden all attached themselves to me.</p>

      <p><em>Like, what? Is this like that thing that happens in RPGs, where the party just lines up single file behind the hero for some reason?</em></p>

      <p><em>This is making it really hard to walk, though...</em></p>

      <p>“...You know, you’re all free to do as you like?”</p>

      <p>“I like being with you, Miss Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“Me too.”</p>

      <p>“Uhh, if I do something by myself, I’ll probably get lost.”</p>

      <p>I tried to hint at them to go away, but they showed no signs of doing so. While Virgo’s concern was understandable, Aries’ loyalty was...heavy. And was I imagining it? All Aigokeros had been saying for a while now was, “Me too.”</p>

      <p><em>Wow. It’s looking like I won’t get any actual free time for a while, huh? Ah, well. It’s not like I hate this. Being with them, that is.</em></p>

      <h2>15</h2>

      <p>On a plain that led to Svel, eight men were facing off against a crowd of over thirty monsters. The black-haired young man, Sei, swung his katana—a sword gifted to him by the king—cutting down a beast that jumped at him.</p>

      <p>It was a monster that looked a lot like a hyena from Earth, only with poisonous-looking purple and cherry-blossom-pink fur. The monster, called a ‘hur,’ tended to be around level 20 and wasn’t too hard for a trained knight or warrior to defeat. But that was only when there were small numbers of them. With a pack this large, they were undoubtedly a troublesome foe.</p>

      <p>“Yah!”</p>

      <p>But Sei didn’t feel any significant amount of fear, and he swung his sword calmly. Having already witnessed the two most feared people in the world gave him some resistance to it. No matter what enemy or monster Sei was faced with, he just ended up thinking, <em>This is still better than those two last bosses.</em></p>

      <p>On top of that, Sei’s weapon was strong. The weapon, which had been found in the Grave of the Black-Winged King, was fearsomely sharp and made up for Sei’s inexperience.</p>

      <p>Sei glanced around and saw that Kross was skillfully supporting people with heaven-arts. Jean and the others were each using their own weapons to wildly attack the monsters. Gantz took a single swing with his war ax and cleaved through several monsters at once. Friedrich stomped on a hur with movements like a wild animal before tearing it apart with his claws and biting into it.</p>

      <p><em>...What? Use your sword, you Sword Saint!</em></p>

      <p>“GWOOAAARRRR!!” The Sword Saint roared, scaring the monsters.</p>

      <p>Wild animals were sensitive to strength, so they probably sensed the difference in strength between themselves and Friedrich. The monsters scattered, and the fight waned into stillness.</p>

      <p>“...Urp...”</p>

      <p>Once the fight ended, so did the sense of tension. As his tension eased off, Sei was assaulted with an intense nausea. Sei quickly covered his mouth with his hand and somehow fought through the urge to hurl.</p>

      <p>He’d gotten much more used to it, but Sei still felt some resistance to killing living things. Even if he was a hero now, he’d lived in peaceful Japan just a little while ago, where even the food he ate had been processed and was readily available in stores. The only things Sei could remember killing himself had been bugs. He hadn’t really thought anything of squashing mosquitoes in the summer, but Sei felt it was only natural to feel resistance towards killing something like a dog or a cat.</p>

      <p>This was the same thing. But no matter how natural it was, Sei still didn’t want to show other people such an unsightly scene as him throwing up.</p>

      <p><em>I already know I’m a joke of a hero. To those two, I’m probably just a bug, something so small it’s not even worth paying attention to. But I still have some dignity to preserve. No matter how weak or unworthy of the title ‘hero’ I am, that doesn’t change anything. I’ve already answered the call, so I have a duty to act as the hero.</em></p>

      <p><em>There are people who look at me with expectation and call me a hero. So I can’t let them down. They all have hope, a hope so faint I could just blow it all away. But there’s no way I can do that. I can’t show them how weak I really am, even if it means putting on a paper-thin mask.</em></p>

      <p><em>At the very least, I’ll keep putting up this front. I have a responsibility to do at least that much, as the person who answered their call.</em></p>

      <p>Sei forcibly swallowed the contents of his stomach back down.</p>

      <p>“Hey, now. You’re still not used to it, Sei? You gotta at least be able to cut down a monster or two without throwing up, or you won’t last.”</p>

      <p>“...You...might be right.”</p>

      <p>Sei inwardly rejected what Jean, one of his allies, said even while outwardly agreeing. There was a part of him that thought, <em>I’m fine like this.</em></p>

      <p><em>True, I won’t last if I keep hesitating to fight monsters. I know that. I know that I need to get used to it. It’s selfish to not want to get used to it. I know that, too.</em></p>

      <p><em>But, still. I don’t want to be the kind of person who kills things and feels nothing.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’m contradicting myself. I don’t want to look shameful by throwing up. But I also don’t want to become so used to killing I feel nothing.</em></p>

      <p>Sei continued to hold on to both opposing feelings. He never wanted to stop feeling the weight of taking a life. If he did, he would be going against his own sense of justice.</p>

      <p>Japan, the place which Sei would eventually return to, was a constitutional state. That meant its laws were there for the people. There were morals and common sense. Sei didn’t want to return there having lost his resistance to killing.</p>

      <p>The police arrested bad people. And it was true that sometimes they had to shoot and kill them. But no police officer would happily point their gun at someone and pull the trigger nor would a police officer feel joy over having killed someone. Anyone who did that would just be a murderer who hid behind the law, using it as a shield.</p>

      <p>But in this world, that was considered justice. Those who could bravely stand on the battlefield and reap the lives of monsters without a second thought were great warriors and heroes. While it was close to the image of his father’s back which Sei had set as his goal, it was also far off the mark.</p>

      <p><em>It’s obvious, but I’m really not suited to being the hero in a game, am I...? I know I’m naive. Not just kind. Naive.</em></p>

      <p><em>I haven’t resolved to do what I need to, nor am I prepared to try. Even though I answered their call for help, I’m still not quite here.</em></p>

      <p>While his body was in Mizgarz, Sei still felt as if his heart was left in peaceful Japan. That was why he kept causing trouble for his friends; he couldn’t help but prioritize his morals and common sense from Japan.</p>

      <p>It would be simple to just charge forward recklessly. Sei could just move as his sense of justice dictated. But he lacked the power to make that course of action possible. He wasn’t mentally prepared to follow through with that, either. Sei wasn’t brave, but rash. It hadn’t even really sunk in that he was the hero.</p>

      <p><em>I just don’t think, do I? As I am now...</em></p>

      <p>Sei had been asked to defeat both the Devil King and Lufas. But such a feat would be impossible for him right now. <em>Actually, are they even people who can be fought by normal living things?</em></p>

      <p>Even though Sei knew it was impossible for him at the moment, he still kept going forward with his journey. That was the definition of recklessness.</p>

      <p><em>I’m not a hero. I’m not worthy of being called one.</em></p>

      <p>But people still called him a hero and pinned their hopes on him. Sei couldn’t betray their expectations, so the first thing Sei had on his to-do list was to become a worthy hero. The first step to doing so was to fix his backwards attitude. Sei wanted to go from being reckless to heroic, at least.</p>

      <p>Instead of trying to ignore the fear and keep walking, Sei wanted to keep walking while accepting it. If he didn’t, Sei was sure that he’d become unable to tell right from wrong. Would a person who simply ignored everything inconvenient to them be able to make good, correct decisions? Of course not.</p>

      <p><em>We’re all afraid... We don’t even try to look at other possibilities. Lufas Maphaahl is too strong and too fearsome. That’s why people decided she was evil. They wanted to defeat her. They wanted to make her go away.</em></p>

      <p><em>...I’m the same. If possible, I don’t want to see her ever again.</em></p>

      <p><em>But... But still...</em></p>

      <p>Sei held a single bit of doubt. It was something he couldn’t discuss with his allies, something that he could only keep to himself. Sei had a theory, one that only he could come up with because he was originally from another world and thus had no preconceived notions about anything.</p>

      <p>—<em>Is Lufas Maphaahl really an enemy?</em></p>

      <p><em>It’s almost strange how much everyone dislikes her. Even the conversation between her and the Devil King was just taken as some random exchange between two villains. They didn’t dig into it at all. But that conversation sounded different to me. The Devil King even said that the fight two hundred years ago was something plotted by the Goddess. </em></p>

      <p><em>...Then wouldn’t this one be a plot, too?</em></p>

      <p><em>There’s also the unnaturalness of the fact that the Seven Heroes, who should have been Lufas’ friends, all betrayed her. Were they mind-controlled? Did the Goddess heighten their feelings of fear? I don’t know how she did it, but wouldn’t it make sense for her to be doing the same right now?</em></p>

      <p>The reason why Sei and the others were traveling to Svel was to meet the Wise King Megrez and try to gain some hint towards defeating the Devil King and the Great Conqueror. There was also the hope that he would know of some method for strengthening the hero. After all, he’d once managed to reach the peak, level 1000, himself. It was likely that he knew of some way to train that’d been lost to the people of this age.</p>

      <p>But Sei alone had a different objective. He only wanted to see Megrez to find out just what had happened two hundred years ago, not for some way to defeat the Great Conqueror. He wanted to listen to a firsthand account from the Wise King himself about those events and build a more complete picture of Lufas’ circumstances.</p>

      <p><em>I won’t be able to move forward if I don’t know. I won’t be able to fight. </em></p>

      <p><em>It’s not good to simply narrow your vision and be ignorant of everything. You can’t just say, “Whoops, sorry. I was wrong,” after shooting someone.</em></p>

      <p>That was what Sei’s father, who was a cop, used to tell him. More specifically, he used to say, “Make sure you never point your gun at the wrong person.”</p>

      <p>The police were backed by the law. They had the authority to arrest criminals. That was why the police needed to look at everyone fairly and not just listen to one side of the story. They had a responsibility to consider both sides and all the facts before making a fair and correct decision.</p>

      <p>“Your dad made a mistake... I arrested someone innocent and took away fifteen years of their life, and in the end, that person committed suicide. Listen, Sei. Your father isn’t an ally of justice anymore. So... don’t become like me. Never become a man who charges forward with only their sense of justice and ends up making a mistake.”</p>

      <p>That was what Sei’s father had said while drowning himself in alcohol after the feelings of guilt and stress had turned his hair white.</p>

      <p>Sei’s father used to be on the side of justice. He’d wanted to help the weak, and he’d wished for the happiness of kind people. For that purpose, Sei’s father had gone to work every day. Sei himself had been very proud of his father back then.</p>

      <p>Sei wanted to become like his father some day. Sei admired him. And those feelings hadn’t changed.</p>

      <p><em>I’m okay, Dad... I’m still calm.</em></p>

      <p><em>No, actually, I’m panicking quite a bit. But I still think I’m all right. Definitely. Probably. Yeah. </em></p>

      <p><em>I just have to figure out the right person, right? I know that. I can’t decide things just off of one side’s story. And I can’t point my gun at the wrong person. </em></p>

      <p><em>...Uhh, I’m using a katana right now, though. Actually, I have no idea what this katana is doing in this world. It’s a complete mystery. But that’s all right.</em></p>

      <p><em>...I’ll never point my gun at the wrong person,</em> resolved the young man who was called a hero but was aware that he had yet to become one. He desired to never become a merciless reaper of justice.</p>

      <p><em>I know I’m not powerful enough to become the hero this world wants. But the pillar I’ve built in my heart will never waver. The justice I’ve inherited from my father still lives. So I’ll find it. I’ll find my own brand of heroism. I won’t just become the hero that everyone wants, someone who only defeats their enemies for them. I have a weapon called justice within me, as well as just cause and the backing of a country. So I won’t make a mistake. I </em>can’t<em> make one.</em></p>

      <p><em>A hero isn’t someone who just blindly fulfills justice as dictated by someone else, but someone who bravely pushes forward to come to the correct answer. I think that’s the true form of a hero.</em></p>

      <p><em>The problem is...</em></p>

      <p>Sei peeked behind him.</p>

      <p>There, a tiger continued to chase down the monsters that had lost all will to fight as he roared. There was no justice or evil there, just the instinct to alleviate hunger. He had prey in front of him. And the prey was running.</p>

      <p><em>‘Then I just have to chase and eat them! All of them!’ </em>he must have been thinking.<em> </em>The tiger didn’t care about the other’s feelings. He was hungry, so he ate. As if there were good or evil involved in that. The wild didn’t need to put on airs or make up reasons!!</p>

      <p><em>...All my party members seem like they’ll charge full force down the wrong path, though...</em></p>

      <p>While watching the tiger stuff his face with the remains of the monsters, Sei sunk into thought.</p>

      <p><em>You know you’re part of humanity, at least in name. You could at least cook them before you eat.</em></p>

      <h2>16</h2>

      <p>“Thank you for coming all this way. We welcome you.”</p>

      <p>They were in the great country of magic, Svel. The Wise King Megrez lived a little ways away from the castle situated in the center of the country. The residence was Sei and the others’ first stop on their journey, as well as a place they needed to visit in order to bring the hero closer to the power levels of the Devil King and the Great Conqueror.</p>

      <p>The Wise King Megrez, who was both the master of the residence and a living legend, was forced to use a wheelchair due to the consequences of losing his fight against the Devil King two hundred years ago. Even so, Sei could feel power radiating from him even as he simply sat in his chair.</p>

      <p>Sei and the others were led to the living room and urged to take a seat on some chairs that looked simple but were clearly made by a skilled Alchemist. In front of a living legend, even Sei’s party with all their abundant personality couldn’t hide their nervousness, and everyone attempted to make as little noise as possible as they sat down.</p>

      <p>For some reason, only the Sword Saint curled up on the floor. He didn’t care about manners or etiquette. After all, being self-centered and capricious was the trademark of the cat family.</p>

      <p>Sei and Kross facepalmed in exasperation seeing Friedrich’s cat-like actions, but luckily, Megrez was tolerant and forgiving, so he simply laughed. It seemed that Megrez didn’t much care about the tiger’s impudent attitude, which would have gotten him arrested nearly anywhere else.</p>

      <p>“Ahh, that’s all right. Make yourselves at home. There’s no need to be so nervous. I may be called the Wise King, but I retired from my position long ago.”</p>

      <p><em>I guess I can only hand it to a real hero here. He seems used to dealing with weird and eccentric people.</em></p>

      <p>In fact, the Seven Heroes were an even bigger gathering of weirdos and eccentrics, so Sei figured that the tiger might actually be on the low end.</p>

      <p>“Now then. You all have come to seek a way to get stronger, yes?”</p>

      <p>Kross answered Megrez’s question. “Indeed. Sei here is a hero that has arrived from another world. We’ve come seeking a method to bring him to level 1000. Since you, the Wise King, have reached this peak yourself, we thought you might be able to enlighten us.” Kross still sounded very nervous, and that probably had to do with Megrez also being an elf.</p>

      <p>“Hm. It’s true that I was once level 1000 myself. Rather, there were many who reached that peak two hundred years ago... Now that I think about it, that really was the golden age of humanity. Back then, humanity as a whole was stronger than it had ever been in the past or even is in the present.”</p>

      <p>“We would like to learn your secret and use it for our hero.”</p>

      <p>“Secret, huh...? May I ask why you assume something like that exists?”</p>

      <p>The method that Megrez and the others had once used to reach level 1000 was what Kross referred to as a secret. However, he wasn’t saying that Megrez had definitely used any such method. Kross was speaking entirely out of speculation, so reading between the lines, it was almost as if he were saying that Megrez had cheated somehow. But even so, Kross was still convinced that such a shortcut existed, and Sei agreed. After all, there was pretty much no way to reach level 1000 in a lifetime if there wasn’t such a method.</p>

      <p>The method for getting stronger in this world was very simple. All a person had to do was kill other living things. According to a book Megrez put out in the past, all living things had at least some amount of mana stored inside them. That very same mana was also the source of mutations in living things, so the stronger an individual was, the more mana they had in them.</p>

      <p>By killing living things with a lot of mana inside them and stealing said mana, a person could make themselves stronger. That was the phenomenon known as ‘leveling up.’ In other words, mutating and leveling up were the same thing. The only difference was whether the subject changed into a different species entirely or stayed the same, only stronger.</p>

      <p>At the end of the book, Megrez himself wrote: “Those who level up repeatedly store that mana within them, and a piece of said mana is inherited by their offspring. The repetition of this is how humanity evolves.”</p>

      <p>Boiling it all down into the simplest of terms, all a person had to do was fight. By continuing to kill monsters and devilfolk, people would get stronger even if they didn’t want to. But, there was a huge problem with that.</p>

      <p>“Leveling up normally creates an insurmountable amount of required mana at a certain point.”</p>

      <p>All one had to do to level up was increase the amount of mana inside them, but the amount of mana needed to reach the next level wasn’t fixed.</p>

      <p>For example, let’s say that a person needed to defeat one monster to get to level 2. But a person at level 10 would have to defeat dozens of that very same monster to get to level 11. If charted out on a graph, the amount needed to reach the next level exponentially rose as a person’s level went up. Once someone got into the triple digits in level, the amount of mana required was insane.</p>

      <p>Two hundred years ago...before Lufas rose to power, the Vampire Princess Benetnasch was hailed as the world’s strongest being. She spent over one hundred years conquering one of the continents, killing every single living being there and literally creating a mountain of corpses. If killing monsters was the standard method of leveling, there was no one in history who’d worked harder than her.</p>

      <p>A vampire’s long life brought about an irrefutable amount of power. Using that allowed Benetnasch to wipe out an entire continent’s worth of monsters. But even she could only reach level 600 by doing that. The plateau of level 1000 was still a far-off goal.</p>

      <p>A layman might wonder why she didn’t just wipe out another continent. But things weren’t that simple. As was explained before, the amount of mana required to reach the next level grew exponentially as one progressed, so by doing the same to another continent, she probably still wouldn’t have even reached level 700.</p>

      <p>Level 1000 was simply the limit as imposed by divinity and the entrance to godhood. But the road to reaching that was long, dangerous, and definitely not something any sane person could do. If a person attempted to reach that level by using the standard method, then they would probably have to wipe out every single living thing on Mizgarz.</p>

      <p>And looking back at the fight between Lufas and the Devil King, it was very clear. Those at level 1000 were no longer strictly mortal. They had transcended to a level that would allow them to easily destroy the world. They could take on the entire world by their lonesome. So it only stood to reason that in order to get there, a person would have to eat the entire world.</p>

      <p>Leveling up wasn’t as simple as Lufas currently thought. Her opinion came from the thought that monsters respawned infinitely, so you could just hunt as much as you liked. But this world didn’t work like that.</p>

      <p>Even so, the impossible had happened two hundred years ago. Even normal humans with their short lifespans had managed to reach level 1000. It was clearly strange. It was stranger to assume that they managed to get there the standard way.</p>

      <p>“There should be some special method, like a shortcut laid out by god, as a shortcut to bring humanity out of their despair.”</p>

      <p>“...One does technically exist. But before that, I’d like you to answer a question. What do you all think of the Goddess who created this world?” Megrez sounded calm, but his look was terrifyingly sharp.</p>

      <p>None of the people he asked could discern the meaning behind that question immediately. Sei barely managed to arrive at the answer a couple moments later. And at the same time, Sei figured out why Megrez had sent them the golems.</p>

      <p><em>...I see...</em></p>

      <p><em>This person...</em></p>

      <p>Megrez noticed Sei’s change in expression. Silently, his impression of the boy from another world rose.</p>

      <p>“O-Of course, she’s the Great Creator and a mother to us all. She is the infallible symbol of justice... She is this world’s law and divine providence itself.”</p>

      <p>“Hm. A perfect answer from an acolyte of her faith. I understand. Then let us say that there is, in fact, some secret method for you to follow. Unfortunately, I cannot tell you of that method.”</p>

      <p>“?! Wh-Why not?!”</p>

      <p>“It’s because you don’t understand. ...Just as we didn’t back then.”</p>

      <p>Megrez’s speech was as kind and calm as ever. However, the expression on his face and look in his eyes were reminiscent of a sharp blade and clearly conveyed that there was nothing more to say in this conversation.</p>

      <p>Sei’s party never expected the hero to reject them. Kross showed clear despair, and Gantz’s face was frozen stiff. Meanwhile, Friedrich yawned, clearly in his own little world.</p>

      <p><em>Come on, you tiger. At least pay attention to what’s going on.</em></p>

      <p>“N-No way...”</p>

      <p>“However... You there. Sei, was it? I would like to talk to you a little while longer. Sorry, but could you all please excuse yourselves?”</p>

      <p>If Megrez had instead told them all to get out, Kross and the others might have resisted. But he allowed Sei to stay, so even if it was only one of them, Kross and the others still had hope, which stopped them from fighting back. They felt like they hadn’t yet been completely abandoned by the Wise King. And in fact, they felt they might actually ruin their chances for good if they begged to stay.</p>

      <p>After some thought, Kross gave Sei a look as if to say that they were counting on him.</p>

      <p>“Understood... We’ll leave. Let’s go, everyone.”</p>

      <p>Kross and the others didn’t understand what had gone wrong. But what they did know was that in the end, they hadn’t matched up to the Wise King’s standards.</p>

      <p>Everyone other than Sei reluctantly left, with the vice-captain of the knights dragging along the tiger. That left only Sei and Megrez in the room.</p>

      <p>“Now then, Sei... I will ask you again. What do you think of the Goddess?”</p>

      <p>“...I don’t really know. I know far too little about this world to be able to answer that. The only thing I can say is: something about her is suspicious.”</p>

      <p>Sei had an impression of the Goddess that was beyond disrespectful, something that would be impossible for anyone from this world. It was a point of view he could only have because he was from another world.</p>

      <p>Megrez narrowed his eyes, interested, and waited for Sei to continue.</p>

      <p>“When we set out on our journey, the Devil King said something. He claimed that the reason why the Seven Heroes acted so unnaturally and fought against Lufas two hundred years ago was because of the Goddess’ interference. Of course, the Devil King isn’t exactly trustworthy, but... It’s true that your actions back then were unnatural, at least to me. That’s why I came here. Because I wanted to ask you something. In that fight two hundred years ago, did you really act out of your own will?”</p>

      <p>“So you encountered the Devil King... Good job staying alive.”</p>

      <p>“It seemed like we weren’t even worth paying attention to.”</p>

      <p>Megrez crossed his arms and sank into thought.</p>

      <p>Sei’s words might have sparked some sort of memory. But the look on Megrez’s face didn’t seem good to Sei.</p>

      <p>“I don’t intend to make excuses at this point. Two hundred years ago, I betrayed a friend. That’s the truth. And it’s also true that doing so then was imprudent. I admit that freely. The loss of the devilfolk’s greatest threat, Lufas, allowed them to rise in power as a result, leading to the world as it is today. However...I still can’t say for sure, even though I should know myself best. Two hundred years ago, I feared Lufas, which was something triggered by being near her. But I can’t tell whether that feeling was from my own heart...or if it was a result of another’s interference. At the very least, I was in full control of my own will, and I didn’t feel as if I were being controlled by someone else.”</p>

      <p>Megrez continued on. His expression was filled with bitterness, as if he were a criminal made to face the crimes he’d committed. “Now that I think about it, it’s true that all of us were acting strange. Mizar, Alioth, Phecda, Dubhe, and Merak... All of them had their own opinions on Lufas. Whether that was one of envy, jealousy, fear, or a sense of rivalry...it’s probably true that all of them had some sort of negative emotion regarding her. But back then, it was way too clear and powerful. It was as if those emotions were being amplified. They were overflowing with those negative feelings. Now that I think about it, I might have been the same. ...Only Benetnasch never changed...”</p>

      <p><em>So there might be memory manipulation, amplification of emotions, or maybe some sort of manipulation of will?</em></p>

      <p><em>Either way, the fact that the person themselves can’t tell they’re being controlled is terrifying in and of itself.</em></p>

      <p>But Sei was already convinced. He was convinced of the fact that not only Megrez but the entire world was having their thoughts controlled by the Goddess.</p>

      <p>After all, wasn’t it strange?</p>

      <p>Not only did stats and levels exist, but there was a level cap. There were monsters and devilfolk to fight, and even though humanity was suffering, the Goddess did nothing... Why did no one feel that something was off with that?</p>

      <p>Also, the fact that the devilfolk still didn’t just end humanity with the situation like this only lent credence to Sei’s conviction. If the devilfolk were actually serious, humanity should have long been destroyed. The Devil King certainly had that power, even by himself. But humanity continued on. In fact, the average level of the devilfolk had lowered in accordance with humanity’s levels.</p>

      <p>Wasn’t the past filled with level 1000 fighters? And weren’t the monsters and devilfolk strong enough to oppose them? But for some reason, none of those powerful enemies were around. Why did monsters become weak enough to be ripped to shreds by a level 120 Sword Saint? And from what Sei heard, even the devilfolk’s Seven Luminaries were only around level 300... They’d clearly gotten weaker.</p>

      <p>It was as if the devilfolk were a cat playing with a mouse. They were torturing humanity while keeping a perfect balance so that humanity wasn’t wiped out completely. That was the impression of the world that Sei had at the moment.</p>

      <p>“I’d like to hear this from you directly, Wise King. Lufas Maphaahl isn’t...she isn’t an enemy, is she? That’s why you sent us those golems. So that they could stop us on the off chance that we managed to corner her. It’s something that should never happen given the difference in our abilities, but it might still happen with the Goddess’ assistance.”</p>

      <p>“...You’re absolutely correct. I no longer think of her as an enemy. No, I didn’t think of her as an enemy back then, either. Her methods may have been rather severe, but she acted out of a desire for freedom and peace for all humanity. She was our friend... She was......”</p>

      <p>“Wise King...” Seeing Megrez looking like he was about to cry, Sei came forward and tried to comfort him.</p>

      <p><em>I’m sure the reason I was called to this world was to defeat Lufas and the Devil King. But I can no longer accomplish that. I don’t want to, either.</em></p>

      <p><em>I know that killing one of them—Lufas, at least—will only be tightening the noose around my neck. So there’s got to be something else I need to do. There’s got to be some way or path that I need to find to solve this.</em></p>

      <p>“Please fight with us. I’m still weak, and I don’t know anything about this world. I know I’m not even totally prepared to fight, but... Still, I want to stop all of this. Not stop the people that everyone tells me to but stop the one who’s forcing them to say all that. So please, I need your help.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>