<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1">
    <div class="main">
      <h2>4</h2>

      <p>The space there warped. The scenery twisted like an infant’s drawing, and things lost their base form. The sight, which was far too unreal, was not actually real, of course. It was an illusion. Sei and the others in his party were just hallucinating from being exposed to the absolute presences of Lufas and the Devil King. Space hadn’t actually warped. However, the hallucination might as well have been reality, since everyone there saw the same thing.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, in that warped world, the Black-Winged Conqueror and the Devil King faced off. The heroes weren’t even worth noticing to them. The both of them only saw each other. In their world, they were already alone. Even the hero unfortunately stuck between them was likely nothing but a pebble on the side of the road to these two pinnacles of strength. That was why the two of them continued to stare at each other as if Sei and the others weren’t even there.</p>

      <p>Eventually, the man spoke, breaking the silence. “...I have been waiting for this moment.” His voice was low and sounded calm. Strangely, his voice held no hostility. It was kind, as if he were a boy speaking to the object of his passionate, one-sided love. With the hero and his party still between them, the man spoke again. “It’s strange. This is the first time we have met. Even so, we know each other well. I don’t feel like this is our first meeting at all.”</p>

      <p>The Devil King—the leader of all the devilfolk, who were the biggest enemies of collective humanity—was the definition of a threat to the world. He was the manifestation of death and fear. He was the king of devils whom even the Seven Heroes couldn’t match.</p>

      <p>Yet, in front of the girl with black wings, he continued to talk calmly. “However, I will still say this... Pleased to meet you, Alcor. I am Orm...the one you all call the Devil King.”</p>

      <p>“Alcor?”</p>

      <p>“It is our name for you. Any who meet you die. So, with fear in their hearts, they have named you ‘Alcor, the Star that Invites Death.’” He narrowed his eyes, which had vertical-slit pupils like a snake’s, looking affectionately at his fated enemy whom he had never ended up fighting two hundred years ago.</p>

      <p>In response to that gaze, Lufas never wavered, donning a fearless smile. If the king of devils was a monster, then Lufas was right there with him. Because they lived in the same dimension, they faced each other as equals. So there was no reason to fear him. Lufas’ expression was tinged with the composure of someone strong.</p>

      <p><em>So I’m definitely not scared. There’s no way I’m actually thinking, “What the hell is this pressure? I can only laugh...” or anything like that.</em></p>

      <p>“It seems there’s no need for us to name ourselves, but it would be rude not to. We are Lufas Maphaahl, the one whom you all apparently call the Star that Invites Death.”</p>

      <p>They knew one another, even though this was their first meeting. They already knew each other’s names, but they introduced themselves anyway.</p>

      <p>It was a strange, comical scene. On the surface, they were talking peacefully, but the fight had already started. The Devil King, Orm, was using a mental interference skill, and Lufas had her equipment that gave her status-ailment invulnerability to defend against it. Meanwhile, Orm was getting through Lufas’ Pressure with his pure levels.</p>

      <p>Each one of their attacks would have decided the match if the opponent were anyone else. However, all this was just sport to these two. They knew the attacks wouldn’t work. The moves were meant as a simple greeting.</p>

      <p>The pitiful ones were the hero party, who, thanks to the AoE of Lufas’ and Orm’s skills, were being beaten down with the “Fear” status effect (attack power down) and Pressure (unable to move).</p>

      <p>“We never expected you to come yourself. Are you that scared of the hero?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t play dumb. There are and have always been only two people I am afraid of. One is the omniscient and omnipotent Goddess. The other is right in front of me and is hailed as Alcor, the Star that Invites Death. Everyone other than that is as dust to me.”</p>

      <p>“Then are you saying this situation was unexpected?”</p>

      <p>“No. This was within my expectations. I have come here to meet you.”</p>

      <p><em>That’s a contradiction. He said he was afraid of me, but he came to meet me?</em></p>

      <p>Lufas silently motioned for him to continue, and Orm did.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I will tell you honestly. I have been afraid of you. I avoided fighting you, Alcor, the Star that Invites Death, and your Twelve Heavenly Stars. I felt fear at the prospect of fighting the great warriors who were united under your leadership as well. I was afraid, shivering, and I thought of you both while I was awake and in my dreams. I have no intention of denying my cowardice back then. It is all true.”</p>

      <p>“For all that fear you talk of, you showed yourself quite easily this time.”</p>

      <p>“I only noticed after I lost you. You were the only one who stepped outside of the Goddess’ scenario. In other words, you are necessary for me and this world. Losing you was a mistake.”</p>

      <p>Lufas narrowed her eyes after hearing Orm’s explanation. He was clearly holding something back and not speaking plainly. Her face betrayed her thoughts. <em>I have no idea what he’s talking about.</em></p>

      <p>It wasn’t just her. Sei and the others couldn’t figure out what the Devil King was getting at, either.</p>

      <p>“...What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“Do you want to know? Then force me to tell you with all that simple, direct power that was so like you two hundred years ago. Well, even if you refuse, I will fight you anyway.” Orm cracked his knuckles.</p>

      <p>Lufas slowly formed fists as well.</p>

      <p>—<em>It’s starting.</em></p>

      <p>Sei and the others felt shivers run through their entire bodies, and they knew a fight was starting. Right here, right now. The fight between the Great Conqueror and the Devil King that never happened two hundred years ago was about to start. A confrontation was going to happen, an unprecedented one for the top of the world.</p>

      <p>“—How bold! Then We shall comply with your wishes!”</p>

      <p>“—Show me your power, Alcor! I will see if you’ve gotten rusty these past two hundred years!”</p>

      <p>The air exploded.</p>

      <p>The explosion happened above Sei and the others’ heads, but the two combatants were already nowhere to be seen. This was the definition of ‘too fast for the eyes to follow.’</p>

      <p>The two kings flew about at a speed that Sei and the others couldn’t follow. They clashed above Sei and the others’ heads before separating again. The battle had already moved into the sky. It was unknown just when the two of them had moved into the air, but they were already exchanging countless punches up on that stage.</p>

      <p>Each one of the blows unleashed by the two of them were upper-tier skills that had the potency to kill. Neither of them bothered with feints or jabs. Each and every blow exchanged between them was a rain of haymakers that aimed to instantly end the fight. However, the techniques they were throwing out were as easy to pull off as breathing for the both of them. This fight was only able to happen because the pair stood at the pinnacle of the world.</p>

      <p>Of course, neither of them stood still as they exchanged blows. They were always moving, flying around, and trying to get in their opponent’s blind spot. The two of them flew at speeds invisible to a normal person. The two transcendent fighters looked like two flashes of light as they clashed, went around to their opponent’s blind spot, rotated, and otherwise attempted to find a gap in the other’s defenses, all the while ignoring the laws of physics.</p>

      <p><em>They’re like light... </em>Sei thought.</p>

      <p>Two sources of light, shining black and red, were pulling ridiculous maneuvers in the air as if they were in a dogfight out of an old mecha anime. That was all it looked like to the hero and his party.</p>

      <p>“Hah!!”</p>

      <p>Lufas’ fist slipped past Orm’s guard and hit him square on. The punch produced a sound that shouldn’t have been produced just from one person punching another. It sounded like a large-caliber cannon being fired. However, by the time the hero and his party heard the sound, the fight had already moved on. Orm, who was blown all the way up to the stratosphere, was overtaken by Lufas.</p>

      <p>This time it was a kick.</p>

      <p>Once again, a huge noise ripped through the air, and Orm smashed into the ground like a cannonball. Thanks to that, a huge fissure in the earth was formed, and it was unclear how far it ran. The earth also shook greatly and caved in in places.</p>

      <p>Following after her enemy, Lufas dropped from the sky. But Orm rose up out of the ground and countered with a kick. This time it was Lufas’ turn to go flying. Lufas busted through several mountains, trees, and other things, destroying them as she was sent flying to the ends of the earth.</p>

      <p>—Right afterwards, Lufas came back even more ridiculously fast—faster than the speed she’d been sent flying at—and charged at Orm.</p>

      <p>Orm tried to counter again with his fist, but Lufas leaped and spun around, carrying herself to Orm’s back before she struck with her elbow. But her attack failed.</p>

      <p>With the same timing as Lufas’ attack, Orm stuck out his own elbow to meet Lufas’. After a delay, a thunderous roar ripped through the area along with a shockwave rippling out with the two of them as the epicenter.</p>

      <p>The aftereffects didn’t stop there. The ground around them was hollowed out to form a huge crater, and just the aftershocks alone uprooted trees and sent them flying. Sei and the others were protected by the golems that shielded them reactively, as well as Kross’ own shield spell. But even just the wind stirred up by the aftereffects of the fight was a deadly disaster to them.</p>

      <p>The defense barrier set up by Kross creaked unreliably, and his face distorted in unease. Meanwhile, several of the golems that’d been defending them outside were pulverized.</p>

      <p>“...As expected. I suppose the last time I had a fight this worthwhile was two hundred years ago with the Seven Heroes.”</p>

      <p>“...You have strength worthy of being called the Devil King as well.”</p>

      <p>The two of them laughed and turned to face each other. At the same time, they separated from each other.</p>

      <p>Were they running from the fight? No, they needed space to build momentum.</p>

      <p>After opening up some space between them, they kicked off with even more power than before, explosively launching themselves forward. Since both of them had taken the time to create some momentum, their clash created even greater shockwaves than before, causing larger quakes as the aftershocks changed the shape of the terrain around them.</p>

      <p>But the two causes of all that were no longer there. They’d launched themselves high into the air. Sounds of explosions, like cannons going off, resounded several times along with corresponding shockwaves, like an explosion had actually happened. The sounds and shockwaves, which had been left behind in the fight since they were so slow, desperately acted to inform others that there’d been a clash here just a little while ago. The effort was actually quite touching.</p>

      <p>An explosion.</p>

      <p>Lufas’ kick had sent Orm off to the ends of the ocean, turning several golems that had been in the way to dust and splitting the ocean in two as he flew off and disappeared past the horizon. But the next instant, the fight had already recommenced.</p>

      <p>An explosion.</p>

      <p>Orm fired magic back along the same path, turning several more golems that were in the way to ash. The beam of magic continued along its path, mowing down anything in its way and swallowing up Lufas. Eventually, the spell left Mizgarz itself, breaking through the atmosphere and into the void of space before disappearing. But Lufas, who should have been swallowed by the spell, stood unfazed.</p>

      <p>An explosion.</p>

      <p>Lufas missed with a knife-hand strike, which cut a furrow in the ground all the way past the horizon. Orm also missed with his return punch, and the wind pressure from that attack alone split the ocean all the way past the horizon as well.</p>

      <p>However, the only ones who could witness these effects were the two fighters themselves. The spectators of this fight could only notice the leftover vestiges of their actions and the aftermath that they brought. There were no fighters the onlookers could see. All they could catch were the sounds and aftershocks, which let them know where the fight was.</p>

      <p>The sky above them exploded several times, destroying any pitiful golems which had gotten caught up in it. Trees also suddenly got uprooted and blasted away, and the ground and ocean were split.</p>

      <p>Their power was supernatural. This was the power of those at the peak of their strength. It was abnormal, monstrous, bizarre, and powerful. It wasn’t something any regular person could do. In the first place, they wouldn’t even be able to follow the aftermath of this fight. They were probably busting out countless numbers of high-level skills like rain, not holding anything back. But Sei and the others had no way of knowing what they were using.</p>

      <p>It was a fight between two monsters. There were no other words to describe it.</p>

      <p>Last Bosses A and B had just suddenly popped up in the beginner area of the hero’s journey for some reason and had started to fight with each other. It was nonsensical. It was like they were telling Sei and the others that they weren’t worth their attention. It made Sei feel incredibly pathetic.</p>

      <p>“...What the hell...?” Alfie muttered, pale as a sheet. Her teeth chattered loudly, and her eyes were swimming in their sockets. “...What the hell <em>are</em> they...?” She said what everyone else was thinking.</p>

      <p>And none of them had any answer but, “I wonder...”</p>

      <p>They existed outside of reason. And they defied understanding. The two combatants were ignoring everything the hero party held as common sense. Because of that, there was no one who could answer Alfie’s question. The only answer they had—which was, “What is that, I wonder?”—was no answer at all.</p>

      <p>“There’s nothing we can do...against that... They want us to beat them...? How...? Th-There’s no way for us to win against those...those monsters... Right? Hey...?”</p>

      <p>When Sei looked back, he saw that Alfie was crying. Even though she’d been so full of confidence before the journey, she was now nothing more than a little girl drowning in fear. Her heart had been completely broken.</p>

      <p>However, no one present could blame her for that. Just how would anyone keep their heart from breaking with this ridiculous battle unfolding before them?</p>

      <p>“Just what...what do they even think...we can do against those two monsteeeerrrsss!!” Alfie screamed, teary-eyed. However, her cry was drowned out by another explosion in the sky.</p>

      <p>The fight had been occurring at supersonic speeds, leaving sound behind. The two of them were attacking and defending so fast exchanges lasted mere instants. The two combatants alone were experiencing extremely dilated time, almost as if time itself had stopped for them. Of course, they weren’t using skills to achieve that. However, if a person was able to move around at their speed even in extremely small segments of time, it would be no different than if time had stopped for them. Basically, to reach this plateau one just had to move around fast enough for time to stop.</p>

      <p>For them, sound had long since disappeared. They were in a silent world where even time had been left behind. Even then, they continued their exchange of attack and defense.</p>

      <p>They dodged and were dodged, defended and were defended against, punched and got punched, kicked and got kicked, and shot and got shot at. Perfect defenses were met with defense-piercing skills, 100% accuracy skills were met with guaranteed-dodge skills, and damage buffs were met with damage reduction. There were single-hit, multi-hit, and multi-hit area aimed skills flying about.</p>

      <p>They threw out heaven-arts and magic, accelerated and decelerated, and used attack reflection and skill piercing. They cast attack buffs, defense buffs, and speed buffs as well as attack, defense, and speed debuffs, threw around other buffs and debuffs, and even stun effects which were blocked with stun negation.</p>

      <p>All manner of passive, active, and reactive skills were used, invalidated, pierced through, defended against, dodged, and countered. Even then, neither of them could land a decisive blow, as the two continued to throw haymakers one after the other.</p>

      <p>“Hhaaaaaaaaaahh!!”</p>

      <p>Lufas twisted her body. She buffed her attack power to pierce through his defense, stacked as many skills as she could on her strike, and wound up. If all the attacks up until now had been stupid-huge cannons, then the attack Lufas was trying to land was even stupider and huger. It was still a cannon. She was just using even more pure force.</p>

      <p>“Mnnrraaaaaaaaggghhh!!”</p>

      <p>Orm also twisted around, concentrating all his power in his right fist.</p>

      <p>His all-out punch most likely had as many skills stacked on it as Lufas’, if not more. Orm couldn’t tell how this would affect the surroundings, but he didn’t care. It didn’t matter. What was important to him was nothing but this moment in this fight right now.</p>

      <p>—They clashed. And time started again.</p>

      <p>The two of them, who were most likely the strongest fighters in the world in this day and age, unleashed the most powerful attacks available to them with no weapons. Neither of them hesitated to clash with the other’s attack. And right afterwards the world itself shook.</p>

      <p>At the same time, all the aftereffects and sounds from the attacks they’d made in compressed time caught up and went into effect. Forests a long ways away from the fight shook furiously, causing the animals in them to panic. The ocean raged about, and all living things in the world could sense the vibrations of the air. The earth split in various places, and several mountains experienced landslides and avalanches. Just the aftereffects caused storms to whip up with gale-force winds like a typhoon’s ravaging across the world.</p>

      <p>The last of the golems served as a wall for the hero’s party, and they, too, were destroyed.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>The castle shook like there was an earthquake. While the usually fearless vampires made a fuss, the little girl who was their queen was calm and steadfast. She elegantly sat down on her throne and tipped a glass of blood between her waiting lips. She was surrounded by monster corpses. They had been underlings of that annoying lion that’d come to take her head. But they’d been unable to fulfill their mission, becoming food instead.</p>

      <p>“...They’re making me jealous.”</p>

      <p>The world shook as if to inform Benetnasch that her enemy was alive and well. She could feel the shockwaves of her power. Benetnasch had already been sure of her existence after hearing the report, but now she felt her enemy’s presence directly.</p>

      <p>At the same time, Benetnasch was experiencing an emotion similar to annoyance. She was experiencing one-sided jealousy.</p>

      <p><em>Just who are you playing with while leaving me here alone? Joy and jealousy... It’s as if I’m some little girl who’s experiencing her first love...</em></p>

      <p>With those thoughts running through her mind, Benetnasch looked out of her window. She was imagining just what kind of fight her hated but also beloved enemy was having right now.</p>

      <p>“I can’t wait.”</p>

      <p>In the middle of the wilderness, a single man muttered to himself, his voice filled with joy. He was surrounded by dead vampires. The vampires should have been nearly immortal, but they had been ripped apart so thoroughly they couldn’t even regenerate. The cause of all that was the giant lion sitting in the middle of all of them.</p>

      <p>“I might just get hard... You’re really making it difficult to resist, Lufas...”</p>

      <p>He was over 150 m tall, taller than Aries in his true form. The lion’s eyes looked ferocious, and he had the arrogance to designate everything around him as food. His muscular body had the suppleness belonging to one of the feline family, but at the same time, his body was harder than steel. His fur was a burning crimson color.</p>

      <p>The giant, dark-red lion drooled as he vulgarly lusted after what he considered the best prey, who wasn’t there right now.</p>

      <p><em>This shaking earth feels nice.</em></p>

      <p>To him, the power he could feel behind the shaking was the best form of invitation, and his desire to fight only grew stronger and stronger. But the opponent he wanted wasn’t here. <em>Aghh, this is killing me. I might go crazy!</em></p>

      <p>With no way to satisfy his animal desires and violent impulses, he—Leon, the Lion King—continued to enjoy the aftershocks of a faraway battle.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Sei shivered while being tossed around by the same aftershocks.</p>

      <p><em>This isn’t funny! They want us to beat these two monsters? That’s just the worst kind of joke.</em></p>

      <p><em>No, they aren’t even monsters.</em> <em>They’re natural disasters. They’re just human-shaped natural disasters. Look, the tiger’s already hiding, scared beyond his wits. He’s got his ears down flat and his tail between his legs.</em></p>

      <p>Nearby Sei and the others, the two fighters who’d just clashed touched down to the ground, standing there unchanged from how they had been before the fight.</p>

      <h2>5</h2>

      <p>The attack-enhancing skill, “Iron Fist.”</p>

      <p>The defense-piercing skill, “Weak-Point Strike.”</p>

      <p>“Revenge,” a skill that raises the power of attacks proportionately to how much HP has been lost.</p>

      <p>“Meteor Kick,” which cancels an opponent’s flight and deals damage.</p>

      <p>The absolute-accuracy skill, “Shine Blow.”</p>

      <p>The absolute-evasion skill, “Flash.”</p>

      <p>The two-hit skill, “Double Blow.”</p>

      <p>The four-hit skill, “Force Blow.”</p>

      <p>“Ex-Counter,” which negates physical damage and deals double damage back.</p>

      <p>“Sonic Fist,” which boosts attack frequency proportionate to the user’s class level.</p>

      <p>“Smash,” which will always land a critical hit.</p>

      <p>“Armor Break,” which lowers the target’s defense for a set time while doing damage.</p>

      <p>“Power Break,” which lowers the target’s attack for a set time while doing damage.</p>

      <p>“Speed Break,” which lowers the target’s speed for a set time while doing damage.</p>

      <p>“Buster Impact,” a skill which deals extremely large amounts of damage and can only be used once every 24 hours.</p>

      <p>The high-speed movement skill, “Flash Step.”</p>

      <p>As well as other skills, buff and debuff heaven-arts, recovery heaven-arts, and defense shields. I hadn’t held back on anything.</p>

      <p>Just seeing this list, I don’t think anyone would understand what was going on. They might wonder what was with the list. I’d think the same.</p>

      <p><em>Can you believe it...?</em> The list was only a small portion of all the skills I’d used while fighting the Devil King.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, uhh...</em> I already knew he was strong. He’d beaten the Seven Heroes who’d beaten me (<em>though Benetnasch didn’t participate, so it’s really more like the Six Heroes</em>), so it was obvious to anyone that he was strong.</p>

      <p>But I’d just directly experienced how strong he was.</p>

      <p><em>Honestly, I want to apologize as hard as I can for ever referring to him as “the Devil King (lol).” ...The Devil King’s too strong. It’s not funny.</em></p>

      <p>I’d already lost around 50,000 HP. He’d probably lost a lot of HP as well, but he was the official Last Boss. He definitely had over a million HP. This was just my estimation, but I figured he had around 3-6 million HP. I’d like to think he didn’t quite have over 10 million HP.</p>

      <p>In other words, what I wanted to say was that I was in trouble. If we were to keep fighting like this, I’d probably lose.</p>

      <p>We were even in actual combat, but the difference in HP values meant that I couldn’t win just by being even. But in this player vs. boss scenario, I was barely breaking even, even while the threat of being trampled over was always present. My healing and other abilities weren’t keeping up at all. I had natural regeneration and heaven-arts, but those took time to fully heal me.</p>

      <p><em>If only I’d brought a weapon...</em></p>

      <p>If I had a weapon, I’d be able to bring my swordmaster skills to bear as well, and I’d be faring at least a little better. Any weapon I transmuted out of what was just lying around wouldn’t be good enough to do anything, though.</p>

      <p>At any rate, the Devil King still wasn’t someone I could beat one-on-one.</p>

      <p>“Hm, as I expected, Alcor. Even after being sealed for two hundred years, you are stronger than the hero Alioth. But you seem to be holding back quite a bit, no? Or are you saying that I’m not worth getting serious against?”</p>

      <p>“...?”</p>

      <p>“Your strength should be greater than this, right? The strength of the Great Conqueror who faced off alone against Seven Heroes, hundreds of great warriors, and multitudes of golems and monsters at the same time and still fought evenly with all of them should be more than this. The Lufas Maphaahl that I feared...she should be more vividly strong, enough for me to yearn for it.”</p>

      <p>I almost reflexively responded aloud to the Devil King’s speech with dumb confusion.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? What? No, no, I’m not that much stronger than Alioth and the others.</em></p>

      <p>In the game, I couldn’t use all of the skills I’d learned in battle. I had to decide what skills to use beforehand and set them, and in battle I could only use the skills I’d set. So actually, I was a little stronger now, since I wasn’t limited in that way.</p>

      <p>It was true that my total stats had been higher than the members of the Seven Heroes but only a little. I still lost against them in their respective specialties. It was obvious that I couldn’t hope to match all seven of them at once. If I were able to do that, then I’d be the real last boss rather than a wild last boss.</p>

      <p>“...Do you really believe that this is your limit?”</p>

      <p>“We don’t understand what you’re talking about.”</p>

      <p>“No... Just what... ...No, wait. I see. It’s like that. Damn you, Goddess. So you’ve already played your hand.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t understand what was going on, but the Devil King got visibly angry, and he clicked his tongue.</p>

      <p><em>Could it be? Lufas was actually even stronger before I possessed her? No. No way. Just how much stat boosting would she have had to do? How many tens of times the playtime would she have had to log to do that?</em></p>

      <p>“I see. So I was a bit too impatient. It’s not yet time.”</p>

      <p>For some reason, the Devil King was acting as if he’d come to some conclusion that only he was aware of.</p>

      <p><em>Is he some sort of loner? Talking to yourself is one of the signs of being a loner.</em></p>

      <p>“Just what have you been going on about all this time? Why don’t you let us in on whatever it is you’ve figured out on your own?”</p>

      <p>When I spoke, the Devil King finally looked up at me, as if he’d just noticed I was still here. “No, it is nothing. I only learned that it was too early for me to fight you. Like this, we cannot surpass the Goddess’ scenario.”</p>

      <p>“The Goddess’ scenario?”</p>

      <p>“Correct. This world moves according to the scenario written by the all-powerful Goddess. The devilfolk are no exception to that... In fact, you can say that the devilfolk are jesters that are puppeted to liven up the scenario. The Goddess created them for that purpose alone.”</p>

      <p><em>I still haven’t beaten him, but I guess he decided I passed anyway?</em></p>

      <p>Even though the winner hadn’t been decided, the Devil King was talking easily, leaking all sorts of information. <em>What happened to, “then force me to tell you?” Well, if he’ll talk, then I’ll listen, though. Whatever.</em></p>

      <p>“Why do you think the devilfolk attack people and kill them?”</p>

      <p>“Isn’t it to expand your territory?”</p>

      <p>“That is a part of it, but it’s also only the surface reason. The real reason is that...they <em>have</em> to kill people. It is like how humans cannot live without eating or stay sane without sleeping. For devilfolk, it is the same type of instinctive need. You see, the devilfolk...they are flawed creatures that disappear if they don’t kill humans. Like that, the devilfolk disappear and scatter throughout the world. Those scattered fragments of their bodies are what you call ‘mana.’”</p>

      <p>That was something I didn’t know. It was true that game lore didn’t cover why mana existed in the world at all. I never questioned it, though. I just figured that it was natural, since it was a fantasy setting.</p>

      <p>“Their bodies are recycled and reused. That is proof that they are nothing but a magic spell. Without the devilfolk, none of you would be able to use the convenient power of magic. But because they exist, you are forced into a fruitless war that will continue on forever. The Goddess made the devilfolk to be this way and left their management to me.”</p>

      <p>“...Management? You mean, you are different?”</p>

      <p>I felt that there was something out of place with what the Devil King had said. Ever since he’d started talking about the devilfolk, the Devil King had always used ‘they’ and hadn’t included himself in that group. It was as if he were implying that he wasn’t one of the devilfolk.</p>

      <p>I was about to put that doubt into words when someone from the hero party wedged in with a raised shout of, “Wait, please!”</p>

      <p><em>He’s, uhh... Isn’t he the elf guy who was there when I was summoned?</em></p>

      <p>“Wh-What does that mean?! It sounds like you’re saying the Goddess herself wishes to plunge this world into despair! Are you saying that the Goddess...the most kind Goddess Alovenus wishes for our deaths?!” he shouted towards the Devil King, his expression full of unease.</p>

      <p>“That is correct, weak one. The Goddess does not wish for this world to be saved. That was why the war two hundred years ago occurred.”</p>

      <p>“?!”</p>

      <p>“Did you not find it strange? You’ve realized that it was unnatural, right? True, Lufas Maphaahl was frightening back then, but...there was no need to defeat her before she’d finished her fight with us. ...Why not wait until after she’d made war with the devilfolk? The best course of action would have been to have Lufas defeat me before overthrowing her. Even so, the Seven Heroes didn’t wait for the best time. Instead, they incited a rebellion beforehand and sealed Lufas.</p>

      <p>“...I ask you, isn’t that strange? Even Megrez, who is hailed as the Wise King, was there. Such imprudence would be strange. It was as if none of you were thinking of the future at all. Even an infant would’ve been able to tell what was going to happen if you deposed Lufas at that time. But you all still abandoned rational thought and deposed her anyway. Even if it made sense for Benetnasch, who has always been attached to Lufas, to do such a foolish thing, it was extremely strange for the other six to follow suit.”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t argue against the points that the Devil King lined up. It seemed the elf guy was the same. Nobody else spoke up, either.</p>

      <p><em>It’s true that it’s strange.</em></p>

      <p>I don’t know just how severe Lufas was, but she should still have been on humanity’s side, at least. Even if she did rule through fear, it was written in books that her rule was not bad. Even conceding that she should’ve been deposed at some point, waiting until after the devilfolk had been defeated should have been all right.</p>

      <p>In fact, aiming for when she was still weak from that fight might have been a better choice that led to fewer casualties.</p>

      <p>But still, the heroes persisted in attacking Lufas. And in the ensuing fight, the number of great warriors humanity had was reduced, eventually leading to regret, with the heroes saying that they’d made a terrible mistake.</p>

      <p><em>Now that I think about it, that was a really dumb move.</em></p>

      <p>“Alcor, I expected that you had reached the truth before anyone else. That was why you attempted to completely eradicate the devilfolk and unite the world, something no one else could ever do. It was an effort to end the Goddess’ Scenario, although forceful.”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>“However—”</p>

      <p>“Exgate! Evening Venus!!”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, a gate opened up in the space next to the Devil King, unleashing a golden flash.</p>

      <p>Having been completely blindsided by the attack, the Devil King couldn’t react in time and was blown away. On top of that, a golem in a maid’s outfit flew out of the gate as if to follow up the attack.</p>

      <p>“Program Selection! Zuben El Genubi!!”</p>

      <p>Libra slammed a cannon round into the Devil King, who was flying off into the distance. A beam of light with sparks running through it carved a straight line at him. As soon as it hit the ground, the area exploded.</p>

      <p>Libra, with her arm still transformed, came over to me and grabbed me by my clothing before deploying her Sky Jets.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, Libra?”</p>

      <p>“Master, I believe retreating from this battlefield would be the best choice at the moment. Fighting the Devil King right now is not a wise decision.”</p>

      <p>“No, wait a second. He was saying something very important just now...”</p>

      <p>“Retreat!”</p>

      <p>“Listen to us!”</p>

      <p>Libra ignored me and flew off.</p>

      <p><em>Is this thing really loyal to me? It seems to ignore my orders a lot...</em></p>

      <p>The Devil King hurriedly emerged from the smoke, not seeming to have taken that much damage. Then he was rammed into by Tanaka and sent spinning away.</p>

      <p>Tanaka quickly pulled a U-turn and went right back through the Exgate.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, Dina, you brought Tanaka over, too? Tanaka’s low level. What if he gets one-shotted?</em></p>

      <p>“Let us go, Libra. The heroes are still there.”</p>

      <p>“That is not a problem. I do not understand why you care so much, but it is clear that you are the Devil King’s target. If we retreat here, he will most likely not bother with those mice.”</p>

      <p>“...Were you listening to our conversation? It should have been far outside your range of perception.”</p>

      <p>“Dina opened a small gate. We have been listening the entire time.”</p>

      <p><em>Ahh, that makes sense.</em></p>

      <p><em>So Dina had been eavesdropping the entire time? Once she figured I wouldn’t be able to win, she stepped in to help me beat a hasty retreat. So she probably attacked with that timing because the Devil King was preoccupied with the conversation and full of openings. If she’d tried that during our fight, I might have been hit, too, after all.</em></p>

      <p><em>No, wait. It sounded as if he were going to say something pretty important. He was clearly going to reveal some sort of hidden background lore or past that I didn’t know about. And it seems that past me’s goals were pretty different from what I remember. I wanted to listen until the end, if I could...</em></p>

      <p><em>Still. Alovenus, huh?</em></p>

      <p><em>Now that I think about it, I don’t know much about her, either. I only know that she’s the creator of the world of Exgate and a loving Goddess, as well as the representation of the online game’s admin. Also, she probably had something to do with me coming here.</em></p>

      <p>In fact, the last memory I had before arriving in Mizgarz was of me saying “Yes” to Alovenus’ proposal. There was no way she wasn’t involved.</p>

      <p>They said she was a loving Goddess. But she’d made the devilfolk, and if what the Devil King said was true, then she’d purposefully created them to be humanity’s enemies. If this were a game, it could’ve been explained away by saying that enemies were needed to liven things up. But this was reality, and this was clearly strange.</p>

      <p><em>Just what merit is there in doing something like that? She’s more like an evil Goddess than a loving Goddess.</em></p>

      <p>On top of that, if mana really were just the bodies of devilfolk, that would mean more than half of humanity evolved thanks to the devilfolk. Elves, beastfolk, dwarves, halflings, and vampires—all five of these races should have evolved from humans through mana.</p>

      <p>If this theory was correct, that would mean the heaven-winged weren’t humanity. After all, our race’s compatibility with mana was far too awful. In other words, the heaven-winged had nothing to do with mana and were just a separate branch of humanity that popped up from somewhere...</p>

      <p><em>That gives credence to the theory that we’re descendants of angels, doesn’t it? And the color of our wings is affected by mana, so... Huh? Is that like monsterification or something? Wouldn’t my black wings mean that I’ve seriously become some sort of other race?</em></p>

      <p><em>...Now that I think about it, I felt nothing when entering Svel, a place that most heaven-winged won’t go near. In fact, it felt kind of nice...</em></p>

      <p><em>Could it be? Could I (Lufas) not even be a heaven-winged...?</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Orm got up from the ground and muttered, “...That was a mistake,” sounding bored. He wasn’t talking to himself. He was talking to the woman wearing a thin smile behind him...Dina.</p>

      <p>She was receiving the full force of the Devil King’s anger, but she didn’t move a muscle.</p>

      <p>“Speak. I have already set up a barrier surrounding us. That golem will not be able to hear us. Of course, the heroes are outside the barrier as well.”</p>

      <p>“Heehee... As expected, Your Excellency. Nothing escapes you.”</p>

      <p>“Nonsense. What were you planning with that, Venus...? No, Dina?”</p>

      <p>Dina giggled. Her eyes narrowed, and her lips drew a curve as she spoke, sounding aloof. “It was an act to gain trust, of course. The doll was watching me.”</p>

      <p>“For an act, your attack certainly seemed pretty serious.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? But an attack of that level wouldn’t matter to you, would it, Your Excellency? I did it because I believe in your power.”</p>

      <p>“You certainly know how to talk.” Orm gave a short laugh. Then, he turned around to face Dina and spoke assertively. “Alcor...Lufas Maphaahl has gotten weaker. Did you know about that?”</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>“That was not your doing, was it? It couldn’t be.”</p>

      <p>“Of course not. As if I could do something like that. Only the omnipotent Goddess could pull that off.”</p>

      <p>“You really do know just what to say.”</p>

      <p>Dina let out another giggle. Then, she got closer to Orm and whispered into his ear.</p>

      <p>“——”</p>

      <p>“...I see. A place like that exists? Then I will prepare to make my attack.”</p>

      <p>“I will keep her occupied in Blutgang for a while. I pray for your fortune, Your Excellency.”</p>

      <p>“What a strange thing to say. Just who would you be praying to?”</p>

      <p>Dina had no reply for Orm’s question. She simply passed by him silently as a gust of wind blew. Once the wind settled...neither of them were there any longer, leaving the hero and his party with no idea of what had happened.</p>

      <h2>6</h2>

      <p>After the fight with the Devil King, I pondered over what he’d said while inside Tanaka, whom Dina had returned to our original location.</p>

      <p><em>Apparently this world is more removed from the game than I originally thought. I keep finding new pieces of lore one after the other. Then I learn that the Goddess is actually evil.</em></p>

      <p><em>My head might actually just explode.</em></p>

      <p>But now that I thought about it, this world itself was pretty strange.</p>

      <p>This was reality. As long as I didn’t suddenly wake up and realize I was just having a uselessly realistic dream, there was no doubt that this world actually existed and I was in it. But for all this realism, a weirdly large amount also seemed like a game. It was weird for there to be stat values and levels that were clearly visible and acknowledgeable in the first place.</p>

      <p>Firstly, a lot of this world would be impossible in nature, so it made sense that the game-like elements had been implemented by the Goddess on purpose. But if that were the case, the question was just where she had gotten the idea. It made no sense unless the Goddess knew of the game and had made this world to match.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, yeah. Wasn’t there a game like that way back when? One that had a huge and magnificent story, but the ending turned into a case of “None of this was real, since this world was just a game world.” And wasn’t there another one with, like, a way too advanced digital world, where programs lived and monsters evolved and stuff?</em></p>

      <p><em>Surprisingly enough, if this world were similar, it would explain... No, nevermind. It wouldn’t.</em></p>

      <p>If that were true, then why would this world be so different from <em>Exgate Online</em>?</p>

      <p>If this were some sort of digital world or something emulating <em>Exgate Online</em>, then there’d be no reason for there to be a two hundred year gap since my defeat, either. After all, the passage of days didn’t matter in the game. Sure, there was a morning/day/night cycle, but the dates never changed.</p>

      <p>When I started playing, the ‘world’ was in the year 2800 of the Mizgarz calendar. And even after six years of playing, the year never changed. It didn’t become 2806 or anything. The game repeated the same year over and over, or in other words, it was the world of Sazae-san.</p>

      <p>The game was clearly different from the world I was in right now. So that theory didn’t hold water.</p>

      <p>...<em>Damn. I can’t come to any conclusions. I just don’t know enough.</em></p>

      <p>I really should have stayed and listened to the Devil King until the very end. He was just about to talk and get me closer to the core truth of this world.</p>

      <p>“There it is, Miss Lufas! It’s Vanaheim!” Dina called my name, bringing me back to reality.</p>

      <p>When I looked out the window, I saw a towering mountain with a forest at its base. Apparently we’d reached the residence of the next of the Twelve Heavenly Stars.</p>

      <p>I was still concerned about this world and what the Devil King had been going to say next, but thinking about it wouldn’t yield anything for now. I just had to leave it for later.</p>

      <p><em>I need to concentrate on the problems right in front of me first.</em></p>

      <p><em>But still, Parthenos the “Maiden,” huh? Dina says she’s still alive and well, but I wonder if that’s really true.</em></p>

      <p>I didn’t actually doubt Dina, per se. But Parthenos still being alive after two hundred years seemed impossible. I mean, she was a human, after all.</p>

      <p>I believe I already covered the fact that as long as a player encountered something as an enemy, it didn’t matter if they were human. They were treated as a monster by the system. It wasn’t a rare occurrence or anything. In fact, it was common in most RPGs for human enemies to show up the same way monsters did, with names like “so-and-so soldier,” or “so-and-so priest.”</p>

      <p>I remember that in the 8th installment of a certain nationally famous RPG series, there was an ‘eat’ skill that was particularly nasty, since it ‘ate’ the enemy to recover the user’s HP. It was fully usable on human soldiers who were enemies. The sight of the main heroine dashing towards the soldiers and the ensuing awful sounds of her munching down were quite frightening.</p>

      <p>This was basically the same.</p>

      <p>Parthenos was originally a human NPC who’d featured the name “Maiden in Service to the Goddess.” She was a troublesome enemy who appeared in a high-difficulty, level 1000 dungeon. She would form a party with other human NPCs and endlessly heal and support them. But if she were on your side, those healing and support abilities were very useful.</p>

      <p>So, wanting at least one person like her, I’d tamed her.</p>

      <p>I did train her up a little, just in case, but I had no intention of using her in battle in the first place. I’d just tamed her because I wanted someone who could heal and support, so her combat ability was really low.</p>

      <p>The dungeon she appeared in was of a really high difficulty. She was as strong as a level 800 back line specialist, but that was it. If she were forced to actually fight, she would probably be the weakest out of all the Twelve Heavenly Stars.</p>

      <p>But it was okay that she was weak. She had high INT and MND stats to go with her abundance of SP. As long as she could provide shields and heals from the back, she was plenty useful. For wading into combat from the front, I had people like Leon, anyway. Although Leon was now outside of my control.</p>

      <p>Anyway, the point was that Parthenos was a true-blue human, so her lifespan was correspondingly short.</p>

      <p>So as to the question of whether she was still alive after two hundred years... Well, it was impossible life-span-wise, right? Even if she were still alive, she’d be really old and decrepit. I found it impossible to believe she’d be in any state to travel.</p>

      <p>If what I was thinking was right, then she was definitely now a “Maiden (old).” It would probably be better to just have her stop occupying Vanaheim, the heaven-winged’s home, but not take her with us.</p>

      <p>I had Dina around to take care of the back line anyway... Most importantly, she’d probably die if we made her walk.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>As we approached the forest, we found a large barrier covering the entire thing, as expected. However, we must not have been designated as enemies, as we were able to enter easily.</p>

      <p><em>Hm. So we really are still comrades, even after two hundred years. I guess this means we won’t be attacked suddenly, at least for now, since the fact that we’re able to enter means we’re counted as allies.</em></p>

      <p>As we walked into the forest, we found a place that was the perfect definition of “sanctuary.” Sunlight filtered through the trees, and the animals all ran around freely, showing no fear. There were many animals that seemed like squirrels and rabbits, which only made the impression stronger.</p>

      <p>It seemed that Libra was unmoved, but this place probably felt comforting to Aries, who was a sheep. As for Aigokeros...he was in human form right now, but his original one probably wouldn’t fit in with this view, either. He would stand out like a sore thumb. Seeing a demon lord standing in the middle of a bunch of playing animals would be way too surreal.</p>

      <p>Well, Aries would be the same with his 100 m size, but he was just big. He still looked exactly like a fancy, rainbow-colored sheep, so he was probably barely in the safe zone.</p>

      <p>After some more walking, we eventually came upon a small cabin that was built in the woods.</p>

      <p><em>Is this where Parthenos lives?</em> There shouldn’t have been anyone around this area thanks to Parthenos, so she was the only candidate.</p>

      <p>I stood in front of the door and knocked lightly.</p>

      <p>“...! Huh? A knock?! N-No way?! Why?!”</p>

      <p>I heard the voice of a sincerely surprised young girl from inside.</p>

      <p>She may have been surprised, but so was I. I had totally been expecting an old person on the other side of the door, so a young girl was shocking.</p>

      <p><em>Could it be? Did Parthenos find a way to rejuvenate her youth?</em></p>

      <p>After waiting for a while, the door slowly swung open a crack, and I could see a girl peeking out. At first glance, she looked like a lovely girl. Her hair was a light pink, and she seemed to be around 15 years of age.</p>

      <p><em>No, but... She doesn’t seem like Parthenos...</em></p>

      <p>As far as I remembered, Parthenos’ hair was green, not pink. <em>Or did she dye it?</em></p>

      <p>While I considered that, Aigokeros stuck his hand through the crack in the door and forced it fully open. Then, for some reason, he returned to his demon form and crossed his arms in front of the girl.</p>

      <p>“Girl, your attitude in front of my great master is nothing short of the highest insolence...”</p>

      <p>“Fool. You’re the one being insolent.”</p>

      <p>I grabbed Aigokeros by the head and used my pure strength to throw him backwards.</p>

      <p><em>How do I fix this? Now our first impression is just terrible. She was so scared of that idiot who just showed up that she’s backed up all that way.</em></p>

      <p>While her expression didn’t show any fear, her face was frozen in shock and surprise, and the white wings growing out of her back flapped restlessly.</p>

      <p><em>...</em></p>

      <p><em>...Wings? Huh? This girl is heaven-winged? Then she’s definitely not Parthenos. Parthenos was human, so she wouldn’t have wings.</em></p>

      <p><em>Who the hell is this girl?</em></p>

      <p>“Ahh... We apologize. Our subordinate was rude to you. We are not suspicious... Well, We <em>are</em>, but We do not intend to harm you in any way. We came here looking for an acquaintance. Girl, do you know of someone named Parthenos?”</p>

      <p>“...Huh? Are you friends of Gran’s?”</p>

      <p><em>Gran?</em></p>

      <p>That meant there were two possibilities for who this girl was. The first was Parthenos’ descendant by blood. A half-human, half-heaven-winged was possible. That would mean Parthenos married a heaven-winged and had a child, who then had another child. It wasn’t a far-fetched idea. But in that case, where were Parthenos’ husband and son (or daughter), and that person’s spouse?</p>

      <p>The other possibility was that she’d been adopted. If Parthenos had just picked this girl up for some reason or another, everything would be explained.</p>

      <p><em>For now, I should check her stats. This should be cleared up by seeing what her race is.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Virgo</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 320</p>

      <p>【Race】: Heaven-Winged</p>

      <p>【Class Levels】</p>

      <p>・Acolyte: 100</p>

      <p>・Priest: 200</p>

      <p>・Bard: 20</p>

      <p>【HP】: 21000</p>

      <p>【SP】: 3301</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 1200</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 990</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 1390</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 1800</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 1270</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 3102</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 1505<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>...I think she’s adopted? Judging from the fact that she isn’t half-anything, she doesn’t seem related to Parthenos by blood.</em></p>

      <p><em>As for her levels, she’s quite strong for this day and age. She was probably trained by Parthenos.</em></p>

      <p>“Ah. Those black wings... Could you be Lufas? Gran told me about you.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. We certainly are Lufas Maphaahl. Behind us are members of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, Aries and Libra. The fool on the floor there is Aigokeros. And the blue-haired one is Dina.”</p>

      <p>As I introduced them, Libra, Aries, and Dina all politely bowed. The girl returned each gesture.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah. She seems like a good, polite girl.</em></p>

      <p><em>...Aren’t I the rudest of the bunch?</em> After all, I couldn’t use formal language even if I really concentrated on it. There was no way I could change my speech pattern.</p>

      <p>“Umm, please, call me Virgo. Gran will be happy to know that you came, Lufas. Would you like to go visit Gran now?”</p>

      <p>“Would that be all right? We would like that.”</p>

      <p>Apparently she wasn’t too wary of us.</p>

      <p><em>What a nice and honest girl,</em> was my sincere impression. I couldn’t stop a smile. She probably didn’t feel the need to be on guard since we’d passed through the barrier.</p>

      <p>As I was lost in thought, Dina pulled on my sleeve.</p>

      <p>“Hm? What’s wrong, Dina?”</p>

      <p>“This is bad, Miss Lufas. Her character overlaps with mine a little.”</p>

      <p>“...Really?”</p>

      <p>“As it is, I’ll lose my individuality and stop standing out.”</p>

      <p>I’d been wondering what had her looking so serious, but it was nothing to be concerned about.</p>

      <p>“That’s been the case from the start.”</p>

      <p>I left Dina, who looked stricken, to her own devices and followed the girl as she walked, leading us to Parthenos. Aries and Libra followed after me. Aigokeros, who had been literally eating some grass that was on the side of the road, stood up and returned to my shadow.</p>

      <p><em>...He really is just a goat, despite how he looks.</em></p>

      <p><em>Come on, Aries. Don’t look so jealous. I’ll give you some corn later.</em></p>

      <p>We walked through the forest for a while. Eventually, the girl led us to an open area. Light shone down into the clearing, making it seem as if the trees were avoiding the area, giving this spot in the forest an even more wondrous feel.</p>

      <p>In the center stood a gravestone made of marble.</p>

      <p>...The stone had Parthenos’ name marked on it.</p>

      <p>“My Gran is there.”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>“She’d been waiting tenaciously, always believing in your revival, Lufas. But last year, she choked on some fruit...”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>I silently looked over at Dina. She turned away and refused to meet my gaze, and I could see cold sweat on her.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, what the hell... Parthenos is dead?!</em></p>

      <h2>7</h2>

      <p>“So, what is the meaning of this, Dina? Didn’t you tell us that all the Twelve Heavenly Stars were alive and well?”</p>

      <p>“U-Uhh... Well, um... I mean, the barrier was still up, so I totally figured she was still alive. Actually, why <em>is</em> the barrier still here if Parthenos isn’t alive?”</p>

      <p>Dina responded to my interrogation with some uncomfortable excuses before bringing up the question of why the barrier was still up. I had the feeling that she was just trying to get out from under my scrutiny, but her question was a good one.</p>

      <p>Alioth’s barrier was the type to activate upon his death, but this barrier was the type with a time limit. It should have disappeared after a while. Even so, it was still going strong a year after Parthenos’ death. It was clearly strange. I had thought that something like this might’ve been possible at high levels, but that wasn’t the case judging from Dina’s reaction.</p>

      <p>So, we arrived at Dina’s question.</p>

      <p>“That is... After Gran died, she still had lingering attachments to this world... Right now, she’s wandering the forest as a ghost.”</p>

      <p>“...What the hell?”</p>

      <p>Somehow, after two hundred years, Parthenos had become something really absurd... Rather than Parthenos the Maiden, she was Parthenos the Ghost.</p>

      <p>“Ahh... Hm. We understand, for now.”</p>

      <p>Basically, this was all just due to Dina’s misunderstanding. And the biggest contributing factor to that understanding was the fact that the barrier still existed. Knowing that, Dina had thought Parthenos was still alive. But in actuality, Parthenos was dead and maintaining the barrier as a ghost.</p>

      <p><em>I can’t blame her for a lack of research on this one, can I?</em> It was much more ridiculous to expect her to have predicted this.</p>

      <p>“For now, We must meet her and send her to the afterlife.”</p>

      <p>Knowing that the one who held the title of “Maiden” had fallen and become a ghost was just too sad. I couldn’t just let this go on. I was honestly happy, since she’d done this out of loyalty to me (Lufas), but I also felt sorry. <em>I should hurry and release her.</em></p>

      <p>“You said you were Virgo? Do you know where Parthenos’ ghost is?”</p>

      <p>Virgo shook her head no. “No, I don’t... There’s no doubt she’s somewhere nearby, though.”</p>

      <p>Given that the barrier was still there, she was definitely somewhere near. But since she was a ghost, it was hard to grasp her location. Even Virgo, her granddaughter, didn’t know.</p>

      <p>“Um, then how do you know that she’s become a ghost?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, well. That’s because Gran occasionally shows herself and recasts the barrier. I saw her then.” Virgo easily answered Aries’ astute question.</p>

      <p><em>This is a dumb thing to notice, but their speech patterns are eerily similar.</em></p>

      <p>Dina was talking nonsense about how Virgo overlapped with her, but if anything, she overlapped with Aries. Formal speech was for one’s superiors... It seemed she only used it with me. This was probably how she usually talked. She really was a far cry from Dina, who constantly used formal speech and went all the way to sounding suspicious.</p>

      <p>“Which means we need to wait until the barrier weakens...”</p>

      <p>“She just fixed it earlier, so it probably won’t happen for a while.”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>I thought we could just take it easy and wait a little bit, but Virgo poked holes all over that plan. If it was recently fixed, then Parthenos probably wouldn’t have to attend to it for a long while. If we waited for several months, she would come back out, but that really would be too much trouble.</p>

      <p>...Well, we weren’t in any real hurry. Maybe we could just wait?</p>

      <p>I was just about to suggest that when I felt Aigokeros’ magic swell. I hurried to turn around.</p>

      <p>“Then we simply need to break the barrier. You may count on me for that!”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Wai— Aigokeros?!”</p>

      <p>“Please be at ease, my Master! I will quickly destroy this barrier and drag Parthenos out from wherever she is hiding!”</p>

      <p>“No. Wai—”</p>

      <p>“Invisible Break!”</p>

      <p>That fool Aigokeros ignored my calls and activated his spell. He used a high-tier Moon-element spell, “Invisible Break.” Its effect was to cancel any long-lasting, wide-area magic.</p>

      <p>Given that there was defensive and support magic, of course there would also be magic to counter that. Getting rid of annoying spells like that was Aigokeros’ role in the Twelve Heavenly Stars, and I valued him quite a lot for it. But I hadn’t said a single word about using it now.</p>

      <p>The anticlimactic sound of glass breaking reverberated through the forest. At the same time, I clearly felt something that had been protecting this forest disappear.</p>

      <p><em>That dumbass goat. He really did it.</em></p>

      <p><em>Why are all the Twelve Heavenly Stars people who refuse to listen?</em></p>

      <p>I understood that Aigokeros was excited, since this would be the first time he had something to do in a while, but that was way too forceful.</p>

      <p><em>What’ll you do if Parthenos thinks you’re an enemy?</em></p>

      <p>“How was that, my Master?”</p>

      <p>“We now understand well that you are a rash fool. Make sure you think before you act next time.”</p>

      <p>“?!”</p>

      <p>I lightly scolded the goat that was looking at me smugly before surveying the forest.</p>

      <p>I didn’t care that Aigokeros looked like a kicked puppy. I didn’t think Parthenos would consider us enemies, at least, since I was here. But who knew if that were true?</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>I crossed my arms, and we waited in silence for a few minutes for Parthenos to show herself. Now that it’d come to this, she should have had no choice but to come out and reapply the barrier.</p>

      <p>Then there was the problem of whether or not she’d think we were enemies, since we’d broken the barrier. She might come attacking. I figured she’d recognize me, at least, but she was a ghost. In the worst case, she might have forgotten me.</p>

      <p><em>...Still, a ghost, huh?</em></p>

      <p>I normally didn’t believe in the occult, but I’d sure accepted this whole situation really easily.</p>

      <p><em>Well, given the ridiculous situation I’m in, I guess ghosts are pretty tame by now.</em></p>

      <p>All I thought was, <em>Ah, so ghosts exist.</em> So I was confident I wouldn’t be surprised whether a ghost or a zombie or anything else of that nature popped up in front of me. I was so used to weird things that I was numb to shock.</p>

      <p>But no matter how long we waited, nothing ghost-like appeared. Time simply continued to pass.</p>

      <p>“...She isn’t coming,” I muttered.</p>

      <p>Dina, who was next to me, agreed, sounding mystified. “No, she isn’t.”</p>

      <p>I’d been convinced that Parthenos would show herself immediately, so this was a bit of a letdown.</p>

      <p>Could she have already passed on? Or did she just appear at regular intervals to repair the barrier and was otherwise resting? We continued to wait a while for Parthenos the Ghost to show up, but the day ended without her appearance.</p>

      <p><em>...What the hell is going on?</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Sorry for what happened last time, hero. I thought we had prepared for every possibility, but it looks like I was too naive.”</p>

      <p>After being thrust into an unusual situation and being made to witness the fight between Lufas and the Devil King, the hero party had turned back to Laevateinn. There had been people who’d derided and insulted them for that decision, which made Sei want to tell them to try standing in front of both Lufas and the Devil King.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no way.</em> <em>I don’t think we’ll be able to win even if we get several hundred or even thousands of people.</em></p>

      <p>The king said that he’d been naive before, but by Sei’s reckoning that hadn’t been fixed.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, the king’s understanding of the situation is naive.</em></p>

      <p>“If we gather all our elite troops... If we get enough numbers... If we get good enough weapons...”</p>

      <p>The king seemed to think that those small tricks would change things, but that was a complete mistake.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no way he can understand... Only the people who saw that fight know this feeling of fear and despair.</em></p>

      <p>Alfie, who should have been in the party, had completely succumbed to fear and declined to continue on the journey. But Sei couldn’t blame her for that decision. Even he wanted to go back to Japan right now if he could...</p>

      <p>“Alfie’s withdrawal is a huge blow. But do not fret. I have already found someone even more skilled than her.” The king spread his arms in an exaggerated motion before introducing the people who were waiting beside him. “First, is the one rumored to be the strongest mercenary, nicknamed the fearful ‘Ogre,’ Alfie’s father, Gantz!”</p>

      <p>Having been introduced by the king, a bald and muscular middle-aged man stepped forward. He had a giant, person-sized battle ax equipped on his back, as well as a one-handed sword at his waist. His shiny new armor didn’t seem to fit him, strangely. He’d most likely received the new armor from the king, and it didn’t seem like it was comfortable to wear.</p>

      <p>Seeing his face, Sei couldn’t help but think, <em>he looks nothing like his daughter. </em>But that was only natural. Such were the mysterious ways of genetics.</p>

      <p>“Next is the adventurer party that conquered the Grave of the Black-Winged King, Hawk’s Eye! We are all counting on you, Jean!”</p>

      <p>“We humbly accept your royal order, Your Majesty! Leave the young hero to us!”</p>

      <p>The one who spoke looked like the dictionary definition of an adventurer and replied in a way that was both full of confidence and borderline rude. His brown hair was spiked upwards, and his sharp-looking eyes glinted with motivation. Sei could feel the force of his vigor and spirit, as if he wasn’t afraid of anything. It was making him think that the man might actually charge at an enemy regardless of how large the gap in their power was.</p>

      <p>The three people behind him were nodding in agreement with Jean, also full of confidence.</p>

      <p>“And...I was mistaken. I forced the young warriors that carry the future with them as well as that young man from another world to fight while I sat safely on my throne... Yes, it should have been obvious to me. How can I claim to be trying to save the world if I don’t jump into the fire myself?”</p>

      <p>Hearing the king blame himself, everyone who was listening reflexively raised their heads.</p>

      <p>Sei felt a sense of dread. <em>I can’t shake the feeling that this king’s gonna say something absurd.</em></p>

      <p>Sei’s premonition proved correct. The king started shouting something utterly insane.</p>

      <p>“I will be going with you, hero! Let us save the world together!”</p>

      <p>“MY LIIEEEEGGEEE!?!”</p>

      <p>The king had stood up from his throne as he started to spout his insane idea, causing his retainers to shout while looking like the world was ending around them. However, the king didn’t seem to mind and continued to speak.</p>

      <p>“I may be old, but I fought on the front lines in my youth! I feel no regrets over offering up my life for this cause. I shall sacrifice myself and become the foundation for my people’s future! How can I call myself the descendant of the Sword King if I refuse to brave danger myself?! Soldiers, bring me my sword! I, the descendant of the Sword King, Alioth VI, will show you my skills—”</p>

      <p>“The king’s gone mad! Restrain him!”</p>

      <p>“What are you bastards doing—?!”</p>

      <p>At Kross’ order, the soldiers sprung into action and restrained the king.</p>

      <p>The king resisted, swinging his arm with unthinkable strength for someone his age. The struggle unfolded with a cycle of soldiers grabbing onto the king and the king throwing them to the side. However, he couldn’t win against their numbers in the end and was restrained before being dragged away.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? Is that really okay? What happened to lèse-majesté? </em>Sei thought absentmindedly.</p>

      <p>“...Um, was that really okay to do?”</p>

      <p>“There won’t be any problems. The king has simply taken ill.”</p>

      <p>“No, but, isn’t that a crime?”</p>

      <p>“This happens a lot, and the king doesn’t mind this sort of thing. If he did, Friedrich would have been arrested long ago.”</p>

      <p>“...But doesn’t a king need, like...to preserve his dignity or appearance or something...?”</p>

      <p>“We’ve already given up on that.”</p>

      <p>It seemed that Kross had his fair share of hardships in dealing with the king.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, yeah. He’s the advisor to the king, isn’t he? </em>The fact was impressed upon Sei once more. <em>I see. It seems dealing with the king is quite the feat.</em></p>

      <p>In fact, Sei went as far as to think, <em>Actually, given how muscle-brained the king is, I wouldn’t be surprised if Kross handled the political side of things entirely by himself.</em></p>

      <p><em>Still... </em>Sei looked back over the people who would accompany him on his journey.</p>

      <p>Friedrich the Sword Saint.</p>

      <p>The Amazonian vice-captain who served as Friedrich’s assistant (Sei didn’t know her real name).</p>

      <p>Kross, the back line specialist.</p>

      <p>Gantz the mercenary.</p>

      <p>Jean the adventurer.</p>

      <p>The other members of the party Hawk’s Eye—Richard, Nick, and Shuu.</p>

      <p>And then there was Sei himself.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p><em>—Why is everyone so...full of personality...?</em></p>

      <p>Sei couldn’t stop himself from becoming incredibly sad.</p>

      <h2>8</h2>

      <p>In the end, we waited the entire night, but Parthenos didn’t show herself.</p>

      <p><em>Is it as I thought? Did she actually move on a long time ago?</em></p>

      <p><em>I don’t know if there is an afterlife, but if other worlds and magic exist, then I don’t see why an afterlife wouldn’t.</em></p>

      <p>Gods existed in this world, too, after all. Apparitions and vengeful spirits actually did appear in the game as monsters, so the existence of a heaven and hell wouldn’t be that far of a stretch.</p>

      <p><em>Actually, wasn’t hell Aigokeros’ birthplace?</em></p>

      <p>But this was a problem...</p>

      <p>With Parthenos dead, that turned the Twelve Heavenly Stars into the Eleven Heavenly Stars instead. Even I wouldn’t disturb the dead and force a spirit to keep working for me, which meant the “Maiden” seat was now open. In fact, Parthenos had been doing her best all this time. I actually wanted her to rest.</p>

      <p>But then that left me with only two choices: either search for the next “Maiden,” or just give up and change the name to Eleven Heavenly Stars.</p>

      <p>For some reason Dina was pointing to herself and really trying to get herself noticed. I ignored that and looked off into the distance.</p>

      <p><em>Should I find another decent humanoid monster and train them from scratch? Or maybe I’ll just make a golem...?</em></p>

      <p><em>Either way, the replacement probably won’t be as good...</em></p>

      <p>“It seems like Parthenos is not around. There is no more reason to stay, so let’s leave.”</p>

      <p>I declared that we would be leaving the forest. Dina and the rest of them nodded.</p>

      <p>I wanted to talk to Parthenos a little bit, at least. But we couldn’t stay too long, or we’d cause trouble for Virgo. I didn’t know whether Parthenos had already moved on or if she was just mad that Aigokeros had broken her barrier, but it should’ve been all right to just come back later. After all, there wasn’t anything bad happening here, unlike Svel, which had been invaded, or Gjallar, which suffered from civil unrest.</p>

      <p>I felt sorry for the heaven-winged who had gotten chased out of their homes, but I personally felt like this could be left for later.</p>

      <p>“Ah...but...are you sure?”</p>

      <p>“About what, Aries?”</p>

      <p>“Isn’t this your birthplace? So wouldn’t your mother’s grave be up there on top of the mountain? You told me about it before.”</p>

      <p>I froze and looked up at the mountain.</p>

      <p><em>My mother...</em></p>

      <p><em>Oh, yeah. She made an appearance in the dream memories I saw back in Gjallar, didn’t she?</em></p>

      <p>It seemed like Lufas had hated her father quite a lot and was hated in return, but she’d had a good relationship with her mother. In fact, she wanted to crush the unfairness of the world for her mother. But her grave was up there; she was already long-dead, which might have influenced Lufas’ actions.</p>

      <p>“I remember that two hundred years ago, you would always come here once a year to offer prayers to your deceased mother, Master. We have come all this way, so might I suggest visiting your mother’s grave, since it’s been so long?”</p>

      <p><em>Hm. It sounds like a good idea from Libra’s explanation, but the act seems to carry a lot of weight for Lufas. And to me, it’s the grave of a stranger. But right now, I’m Lufas. So in that sense, Lufas’ mother isn’t a stranger at all.</em></p>

      <p>“...Yes. If this place has been secluded for two hundred years, then it has probably gone unmaintained. It’s not a bad idea to stop by.”</p>

      <p>Lufas’ mother probably wouldn’t want some random person like me to visit her. But, well, there was no other option. Even I was questioning why it’d come to this, and I hadn’t come up with an answer. But there might be some sort of hint to all my questions up there. <em>I can’t help but hope.</em></p>

      <p>If I were to believe the Devil King’s words, then Lufas did some things that I didn’t know about, had her own experiences, and noticed something I hadn’t.</p>

      <p>The “Goddess’ Scenario” ...No doubt this would be the key word from now on. As long as I figured out what that was, I might come to understand why this happened to me. And the key to understanding was none other than Lufas.</p>

      <p>Before being sealed, Lufas noticed something and tried to take action. If I could figure out those two points, that would most likely lead to me solving the mystery.</p>

      <p>“A grave visit? Aren’t there more pressing matters we should attend to?”</p>

      <p>“...? How unexpected, Dina. I never thought you would object.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, no! I’m not objecting per se, but I just don’t think staying too long would be a good idea.”</p>

      <p>It was a little unexpected that Dina spoke against visiting the grave. I figured she’d just aloofly say, “Then let’s go.” But I understood after hearing her explanation.</p>

      <p>“I mean, aren’t mountains really tall? I don’t want to climb all that.”</p>

      <p>“...Ahh, understood.” I nodded, looking up once again at the mountain.</p>

      <p>“Idiots and the heaven-winged both love high places,” wasn’t an aphorism that actually existed, but it was true that the heaven-winged love heights. The higher up a person went, the thinner the mana got, so to heaven-winged, it grew far more comfortable higher up. They could also fly, so they didn’t have a problem navigating at those heights.</p>

      <p>Take a 500 m tall mountain for example. Since heaven-winged could fly, ascending that 500 m was no different to them than a human walking 500 m on flat ground. <em>Or is it 700 m to account for slight horizontal progression?</em> It didn’t feel that tiring.</p>

      <p>Mountains made for natural fortresses as well. It made the heaven-winged harder to attack just by living on them, allowing them to also obtain peace of mind.</p>

      <p>So when it came to Vanaheim...<em> Uhh, how tall is that mountain? I’m not great at estimating measurements by eye, but it seems incredibly huge to me.</em></p>

      <p>“Libra, do you know how tall that mountain is?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. It is estimated to be 3807 m tall.”</p>

      <p><em>Ah, it’s taller than Mt. Fuji.</em></p>

      <p>That was certainly too tall to just climb up without any plan. But for a heaven-winged, it was no different than walking four or five kilometers. It was noted in official lore that an adult could fly faster than a bike, so it wasn’t that difficult a distance. Many people back in Japan commuted that distance to school or work by bike, so it should’ve been easy to do, even every day. If Libra and I were to fly at full speed, it’d only take a minute... No, not even thirty seconds.</p>

      <p>“True, that height is troublesome. Still, it wouldn’t be impossible to carry you up.”</p>

      <p>“I can carry Aries and Aigokeros, and there should be no problem for you to carry Dina, Master. However, I believe it will be necessary to secure some method of transporting larger numbers through the skies in the future.”</p>

      <p>Libra was correct. We were fine right now, because there were so few of us, but since our numbers would only grow, things couldn’t stay as they were. Other than Libra and I, the only other person who could fly was one of the “Twins” from the Twelve Heavenly Stars. That also meant that the other Twin couldn’t fly. So the more people I gathered, the harder it would be to move around.</p>

      <p>More than anything, having both hands occupied carrying people meant that it would be harder to react if something attacked.</p>

      <p>“Wait, Aigokeros can’t fly? He has wings.”</p>

      <p>“Master, I may be able to fly, but I cannot go very high. Did you forget?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, is that so?”</p>

      <p>“It is so.”</p>

      <p>Aigokeros did have wings, but apparently he couldn’t climb too high. <em>I see. So like first-gen Charizard before it could learn Fly. </em>That meant the only ones who could actually fly were Libra and I.</p>

      <p>“Hm... Then... Why not have that thing fly?”</p>

      <p>We needed a method to carry everyone who couldn’t fly by air, but also one that didn’t occupy Libra’s or my hands. So that left one option—have something that could carry everyone and fly. It was simple.</p>

      <p>“Right. We’re all going back to the forest for a little while. Also, Dina, weren’t there alchemy materials in what we recovered from the grave? Bring back the floating stone and whatever else you think would be useful, please.”</p>

      <p><em>Now, then. Let’s get to remodeling.</em></p>

      <p>In the game, there was no way to change something once it had been made. If a player really wanted to redo something, they’d just have to start over from scratch. But we weren’t in the game, so I should be able to remodel things. <em>I should at least try this out once, to confirm things for the future.</em></p>

      <p>—And that was why I decided to remodel Tanaka.</p>

      <p>The outside look didn’t change, but in order to accommodate future passengers, I increased its size and made it much taller. Of course, I didn’t make Tanaka ridiculously tall, but I did add a second floor. I also added a deployable roof so that we could enjoy a terrace at any time.</p>

      <p>But that was only the beginning. The big change came next.</p>

      <p>“Right. Tanaka, Transform.”</p>

      <p>“Y E S, B O S S.”</p>

      <p>Following my orders, Tanaka illuminated itself. Then, the car floated upwards as if it had suddenly been picked up by a gust of wind from below, and its tires rotated to become horizontal. Then, jet exhaust flames flared out from the hubcaps of the horizontal tires, pushing Tanaka even higher. Steel wings also deployed out of the car’s sides while emitting a loud sound.</p>

      <p>This was Tanaka’s new, remodeled form. Its name was...</p>

      <p>......</p>

      <p><em>...I can’t think of a good name.</em></p>

      <p><em>Oh, whatever. It can just be “Tanaka Jet.”</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Tanaka</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 350</p>

      <p>【Race】: Artificial Life Form</p>

      <p>【HP】: 18000</p>

      <p>【SP】: 0</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 862</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 120</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 987</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 9</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 1530</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 78</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 100<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>I see. So by remodeling and adding better materials, its stats and max level can also rise.</em></p>

      <p>I suddenly thought of remodeling Libra, but she was already far past the limit of most golems. Unfortunately, I wouldn’t be able to make her any stronger. Mizar might have been able to, but there was no use asking the deceased.</p>

      <p>Still, the thought of a flying RV was really surreal, even though I’d done this myself.</p>

      <p>“What do you think, Dina? We can move everyone with this.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah... You’re right.”</p>

      <p>It seemed like Dina was a bit creeped out by the flying car; her reply didn’t sound very positive. In contrast, Aries and Virgo looked at Tanaka like they were excited children.</p>

      <p>As for why Virgo came with us, she was performing double duty as our guide and watchperson. This was the forest that her grandmother had worked to protect for most of her life, so it seemed she was accompanying us just in case we were going to try something weird.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t exactly refute that suspicion, either, given what that fool Aigokeros did earlier.</p>

      <p>“Would you like to get on, too?” I offered to Virgo, who looked incredibly interested.</p>

      <p>She happily accepted. “Huh? Really? Then yes, please!”</p>

      <p><em>Thought so. Flying vehicles really are cool everywhere.</em></p>

      <p><em>It looks a little...uhh...not cool, but I don’t hate it.</em></p>

      <p>“There is a problem, Master Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Libra?”</p>

      <p>“Tanaka is not equipped with weapons for aerial combat. I believe you should give it gun emplacements, at the very least. A main cannon and anti-air capability wouldn’t go amiss, either, and explosives for bombing would—”</p>

      <p>“Just what are you going on about?” I retorted.</p>

      <p>After I entered, Aries, Aigokeros, Dina, and Libra followed. Virgo, still seeming hesitant and reserved, brought up the rear.</p>

      <p>After confirming that everyone was inside, I gave Tanaka an order. “Right. Now, Tanaka.”</p>

      <p>“Y E S, B O S S,” Tanaka replied before flying upwards.</p>

      <p>While this was normal since this was another world, it would be beyond surreal in Japan. But flying cars were a subject of wonder, and they were basically fixtures in fiction. The fact that such a thing had been realized in such a way impressed upon me that anything really can happen.</p>

      <p><em>Now, then. We’re going to Lufas’ hometown. It’d be nice if we find a good clue there.</em></p>

      <h2>9</h2>

      <p>Déjà vu was a strange phenomenon where a person felt as if they’d seen or experienced something before, even though they hadn’t. The term originated in France and had since turned into a popular expression in stories.</p>

      <p>Right now, I was being hit with the strongest sense of déjà vu I had ever felt.</p>

      <p>We had ridden Tanaka and arrived at the place that must have been the heaven-winged’s ancestral home, where Lufas had been born and raised...Vanaheim.</p>

      <p>Up on top of the mountain, both the air and mana were sparse. Thanks to the geography, it was hard to walk anywhere. Liking places such as this must have been instinctual for heaven-winged, given how Gjallarhorn was similar.</p>

      <p><em>How strange. I feel nostalgic. I’ve never been here before, but I feel both nostalgia and revulsion for such an unfamiliar place.</em></p>

      <p>I noticed a crumbling bakery. I had been kicked by the owner there, as he’d refused to sell me anything.</p>

      <p>I saw another building, half destroyed. I had stones thrown at me by the brats who’d lived there.</p>

      <p>There was a large mansion which had once been quite splendid. Merak had lived there, and I’d always looked at the building with envy.</p>

      <p><em>... None of these memories are good...</em></p>

      <p><em>It seems that this town stirs up a lot of memories in a bad way, ones that my inner self never knew about.</em></p>

      <p>Even though I’d never experienced any of these memories, I was beset by the urge to hit these ruins with an AoE attack and destroy them even further.</p>

      <p>“Umm... Miss Lufas...? Are you okay? You look pale.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, We’re fine. Let’s go. First, We should head to our house.”</p>

      <p>I realized that my expression had stiffened up when Aries pointed it out.</p>

      <p><em>This won’t do. The number of times I’ve started to become affected by “Lufas” has increased recently, and being here in this town is only making it worse. If this keeps happening, I may lose sense of who I am soon.</em></p>

      <p><em>Wait. Has it already been lost? It’s already terrible that I can’t say for sure. And I’m not really feeling any discomfort about it, either. I might actually be going crazy.</em></p>

      <p><em>...Anyway, let’s go see Lufas’ house first.</em></p>

      <p>Parthenos’ ghost might be there, and it might hold a hint to Lufas’ actions before she had been sealed as well.</p>

      <p>“So this is where Master Lufas was born? This place is nice.”</p>

      <p>“Though it seems this place holds a lot of bitter memories for us. There are too many memories of neighborhood children throwing stones at us,” I replied lightly to Libra’s statement. But as soon as I did so, the house I was gazing at suddenly disappeared in time with an explosion.</p>

      <p>I saw that Libra, Aries, and Aigokeros all had their fists pointing at the house, and I came to the painful realization that they had all attacked it.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, what the hell? What do you guys think you’re doing?</em></p>

      <p>“I rescind my earlier remark. This town is the worst cesspool possible.” Libra spat out words that showed her 180 degree attitude shift while spinning her hand around like a drill. That turnaround was so stark I could only be impressed.</p>

      <p>Aries and Aigokeros also nodded in agreement, taking away anything I had left to say.</p>

      <p>As I was busy feeling exasperated, Dina, who had walked up next to me, started writing in the air. It looked like she was gathering magic in her fingers to actually write in the air. It showed how dexterous she was.</p>

      <p>“Do you have your avatar’s memories?”</p>

      <p>I nodded silently in response. The reason why I didn’t speak was because Libra would hear me if I did. Of course, that was only if she were paying attention, seeing as how she was shooting lasers from her eyes at Merak’s house.</p>

      <p><em>Actually, Libra, just stop already.</em></p>

      <p><em>You, too, Aries. Stop trampling everything in your monster form.</em></p>

      <p><em>Aigokeros, stop smashing everything you can get your hands on. You’re all scaring Virgo.</em></p>

      <p>“It’s not good to be so affected by your avatar. Your sense of self might disappear. If you feel that it’s dangerous, please consider leaving this place immediately.”</p>

      <p>I nodded once again in agreement after reading Dina’s advice.<em> I’d certainly like to pass on losing myself. She suggested retreating. I should probably keep that in mind.</em></p>

      <p>“Hey, now. Stop, all of you. We haven’t come here to break this place.”</p>

      <p>I clapped loudly to get the trio of fools to stop what they were doing. If I’d left them to their own devices, they might have broken something important with all their fervor.</p>

      <p>After scolding the three berserkers, I walked through the town that had been rendered into a huge set of ruins. Strangely enough, I knew exactly where to go. It was as if I’d been living here until just yesterday. My legs took me where I wanted. I moved as the memories of “Lufas” instructed, and I eventually arrived at a certain house.</p>

      <p>It had fallen into heavy disrepair, but it was still clear that it used to be a splendid house.</p>

      <p>“Oh? What a nice building. This used to be your house, Master Lufas?”</p>

      <p>“Hm... Yeah, you could say that. Though, We can count on our hands how many times We’ve actually been inside,” I replied lightly to Aigokeros and passed by the mansion.</p>

      <p>It was true that this had been my family’s house. Lufas’ father and mother had lived here. My memories told me that much. But this wasn’t “Lufas’” house. My (Lufas’) house was... It was a small shack off to the side.</p>

      <p>“Th-This is...”</p>

      <p>“It’s just what you think. Looks like a storage shed, right? Well, it really <em>was</em> a storage shed.”</p>

      <p>It seemed that this place, which used to be a storage shack, was where Lufas had actually been raised. The tiny shack was infested with cobwebs. Even a doghouse would have been better.</p>

      <p>Of course, there was no way I knew of this backstory, and the reason I had Lufas wear this dress was just for its effects and fashion. To be honest, I wouldn’t hesitate to put Lufas in a string bikini if its stats were stronger than anything else.</p>

      <p><em>...Thank goodness a swimsuit wasn’t the best equipment, </em>I thought to myself, way too late.</p>

      <p>At any rate, the point was that I wasn’t really thinking anything when I put the dress on Lufas. But the Lufas in this world...she might have worn this outfit as a reaction to her poor circumstances during her childhood. Like, she admired the upper crust. So, she constantly looked upward, craving and envying the good life. As soon as she gained power, she started collecting glamorous clothing and shiny things like she was fulfilling her childhood dreams...</p>

      <p><em>...No, I’m probably just reading too far into things.</em></p>

      <p>“Our father despised us for being born with black wings. He probably even wanted to kill us, if possible. However, he was stopped from doing so by his need to keep up appearances because of his status and our mother’s desperate pleas. Because of that, he instead chose the option to isolate us in this shack.”</p>

      <p>I started talking about a past I had no actual clue about, as if I’d actually experienced it. I’d heard somewhere that memories never truly disappeared, and that they simply got stored somewhere deep and were hard for a person to access. In other words, memories that had been forgotten could come back all at once due to some sort of stimulus.</p>

      <p>Since this body was Lufas’, there were memories left deep inside. <em>I guess these memories have been coming up and overflowing due to us coming to this town.</em></p>

      <p>“...Master, please give me permission to slaughter your father.”</p>

      <p>I thought about my father, and the knowledge that he was dead just floated up in my mind. “That would be impossible. He is already dead.”</p>

      <p><em>I feel like it’s becoming easier to pull out Lufas’ memories.</em></p>

      <p>At any rate, I calmed Libra down from her dangerous state and stopped Aries, who was trying to set fire to the mansion. <em>There might be some important clue in there. Please don’t break it.</em></p>

      <p>“If Parthenos is still around, she’d most likely be nearby.”</p>

      <p><em>I don’t remember if I ever told her where my house was, but she probably found out over these past two hundred years.</em></p>

      <p><em>Also, there might be more of Lufas’ past buried here that I don’t know about. Well, even if there isn’t, I’ll be happy as long as we find some clue.</em></p>

      <p><em>As long as we find a clue, I should be able to bring out Lufas’ memories.</em></p>

      <p>I stepped into the shack. <em>What an awful place.</em></p>

      <p>I couldn’t believe this place had been livable. There was only a single small bed and a bunch of junk, the purpose of which I couldn’t even begin to guess.</p>

      <p><em>I guess they stored things here, since this was a storage shack.</em></p>

      <p>That wasn’t a mistake. But all this junk was clearly just trash my father threw in here to punish Lufas and make himself feel better.</p>

      <p><em>Well, whatever.</em></p>

      <p>The important thing was to find something that could connect to the Goddess’ Scenario which Lufas found out about two hundred years ago. But I didn’t find anything of the sort, and I felt a little disappointed.</p>

      <p><em>...Well, thinking about this more carefully, Lufas did only spend her early childhood here.</em></p>

      <p>She only started aiming for the eradication of the devilfolk after she’d become an adventurer and had gotten to level 1000. No matter how I considered things, she wouldn’t have figured anything out as a child. Meaning, there was no way there’d be any hints about the Goddess’ Scenario here...</p>

      <p><em>I just did all this for nothing.</em></p>

      <p>“...The Goddess’ Scenario, huh?” I muttered to myself.</p>

      <p>Everyone other than Dina looked at me with confused expressions. They were simply reacting to what I said. It didn’t look like they had any idea of what I was talking about. On the other hand, Dina didn’t react at all. I thought she might have known something, but apparently she didn’t, either.</p>

      <p>“Miss Lufas, what is the Goddess’ Scenario?”</p>

      <p>“Oh. It was something the Devil King talked about the other day. He claimed that this world was moving according to the ‘Goddess’ Scenario.’ Have you all never heard of it?”</p>

      <p>Everyone shook their heads in response, indicating that they didn’t know.</p>

      <p>Lufas must have played it really close to the chest two hundred years ago if even the Twelve Heavenly Stars didn’t know. <em>What the hell were you thinking, Lufas? Tell Libra, at the very least.</em></p>

      <p><em>There’s no one who knows.</em></p>

      <p>As soon as I thought that, I heard the voice of a young girl from the entrance of the shack.</p>

      <p>“Let me answer that question.”</p>

      <p>But the voice sounded strange. It was as if it were reverberating directly inside my head. It was hard to describe exactly how it sounded. If I were to compare it to something, it would be like putting on some cheap earphones and hearing a really heavily clipped voice... At the very least, it wasn’t how a flesh-and-blood person would sound.</p>

      <p>A half-transparent girl stood in the entrance. I could see through her body to the other side. She clearly wasn’t corporeal. <em>She’s...young.</em> At the very least, she looked no older than 12 years old. Her green hair which reached down to her knees was braided, and she wore priest’s robes, which drew all of our attention.</p>

      <p>“It’s been a long time, Miss Lufas. You haven’t changed in two hundred years. You’ve given this old woman some relief. My my, I’m still so jealous of the heaven-winged’s lifespan, even though I’ve passed through being old and am a ghost now! *Cackle!* *Cackle!*!”</p>

      <p>In contrast to her young appearance, her speech patterns were calm and slow, like that of a grandma.</p>

      <p>“My oh my. These past two hundred years have been long, you know. I’ve been doing as you asked all this time, keeping Vanaheim exactly as it used to be, believing your word that you’d return one day. But just the other day, I choked on some fruit and met my unceremonious end.”</p>

      <p>The ghost stood in front of me, laughing dryly, to which I could only respond with a dumbstruck, “Huh?”</p>

      <p><em>Wait. Just...wait a second.</em></p>

      <p><em>What did she just say? Is she seriously claiming she was over two hundred years old? </em>And she also said that she’d been maintaining Vanaheim. Putting that all together, that meant...</p>

      <p>“Oh? What’s wrong, Miss? You couldn’t have forgotten this old grandma’s face, could you? I even rushed to recreate how I used to look since I learned that you’d revived.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>