<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h2>1</h2>

      <p>Although my fight with Dina had been unexpected, I’d managed to get her to submit. Currently, I was confirming her stats. The stats I’d seen before were fake, so I didn’t actually know Dina’s true strength.</p>

      <p>I wasn’t truly doubting her or anything, but Dina did still seem as if she were hiding something. So I decided it wouldn’t be a bad idea to get a firm grasp of her abilities, just in case.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Dina</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 1000</p>

      <p>【Race】: Half-Elf</p>

      <p>【Class Levels】</p>

      <p>・Acolyte: 200</p>

      <p>・Priest: 200</p>

      <p>・Ranger: 100</p>

      <p>・Strider: 100</p>

      <p>・Mage: 200</p>

      <p>・Sorcerer: 200</p>

      <p>【HP】: 35000</p>

      <p>【SP】: 16000</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 1750</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 3000</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 2050</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 11550 (+2000)</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 3700</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 8902</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 1930</p>

      <p>【Equipment】:</p>

      <p>・Head: —</p>

      <p>・Right arm: Bracelet of the Sage (INT +1000)</p>

      <p>・Left arm: Bracelet of the Shadow (INT +1000)</p>

      <p>・Body: Traveler’s clothes</p>

      <p>・Legs: Traveler’s boots</p>

      <p>・Other: —<br/><br/></p>

      <p>That was how her stats went, but... <em>What the hell is with that super back line specialization?</em></p>

      <p>It was great that I’d managed to see Dina’s real stats, but they were really imbalanced. She had only bothered with back line classes, and she also had several classes at level 200, which you would normally have to pay for. On top of that, her equipment only served to stretch her INT stat even further. I could only say that she was being really thorough.</p>

      <p>Her attack power and HP were far lower than what I would expect from a level 1000 player, but her INT stat alone was higher than any stat-boosting could get you. She wasn’t quite at the level Megrez had been in his prime, but she was still ridiculous. However, this meant that she’d be easy prey for Libra.</p>

      <p>After the fight, Dina and I cooperated and somehow managed to fool Libra and Aries, who of course came chasing after us. We said that the planet was an attack from someone somewhere else, and that I’d dealt with it for now.</p>

      <p>Actually, me dealing with it wasn’t a lie. It was just that Dina had been the one who’d attacked.</p>

      <p>Also, this didn’t really matter, but Dina had gone back to her usual blue-haired look at some point.</p>

      <p>She was using the Water element spell “Illusion;” it used mist to show others an illusion and could even change one’s form. In the game, all the spell did was raise the target’s evasion rate. At least, that was how I understood it.</p>

      <p>People did complain, saying that if that was the case, why not change the player avatar like the lore indicated? But there wasn’t a peep from the company about changing it.</p>

      <p><em>To think that that would bear fruit now... Truly anything can happen.</em></p>

      <p>Apparently, having two affinities was a racial skill for half-elves. For Dina, they were Metal and Water.</p>

      <p><em>Like, what? That’s totally unfair.</em></p>

      <p>I was told that half-elves had good INT and MND growth, though not as good as elves. They also had decently balanced growth in everything else, though not as good as humans. So, not only did they have good stats for magic and heaven-arts use, they even got two affinities. And unlike normal elves, they could eat meat. Since elves were subjects of the forest, they couldn’t do so. That was why Megrez had such low HP even though he stat-boosted with items, and thus was one-shottable by Brachium.</p>

      <p>In the game, elves had a definite handicap, since they couldn’t eat meat. On top of that, people only realized that fact after they’d started to stat boost... In other words, after they’d reached level 1000. It was a truly mean-spirited trap.</p>

      <p><em>But half-elves have none of those drawbacks, huh? What the hell? That’s totally cheating. Nerf it. Now.</em></p>

      <p><em>Actually, devs, just make an HP-boosting item that isn’t orc meat.</em></p>

      <p>At any rate, now that Aigokeros had joined the party and Dina was once again my subordinate, we entered Tanaka and left Gjallar behind.</p>

      <p><em>It’s starting to get tight in here with all the new people. I should think about expanding Tanaka. While I’m at it, why don’t I take the chance to try adding in bulletproof glass and carbon fiber and stuff? </em></p>

      <p>Those materials didn’t exist in the game, but it should be possible now. Materials only possible because of my knowledge from ‘the other side’... <em>I wonder how high-level a golem I could make with them. I’m kind of tempted.</em></p>

      <p>In the game, it was impossible to improve or incorporate other materials into a golem once it was completed. If you wanted a golem with new materials, you needed to build an entirely new one. However, it might’ve been possible now. This world resembled the game, but it wasn’t the game, after all.</p>

      <p>“By the way, Aigokeros. Do you have any useful information? You were with the devilfolk, so you should have heard something.”</p>

      <p>I was sitting on a sofa I’d prepared in the car. Aigokeros sat across from me in human form. Aries was next to him, gnawing on some corn I’d bought for lunch in Gjallar.</p>

      <p>At first, he attempted to just eat some grass that was nearby, but I stopped him. I couldn’t let him do that in human form. It made it look like I was abusing him. Also, apparently Aigokeros’ favorite meal was dandelions. The sight of a gentleman in his prime eating a dandelion... It was so incredibly surreal. It only reinforced the fact that even if they looked human, they were still a sheep and a goat.</p>

      <p>“Well... First, I know of another of the Twelve Heavenly Stars who was working with the devilfolk.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? Who else was there? Speak.”</p>

      <p>“Scorpius of the Scorpion became a vengeful demon and is fully supporting the devilfolk. Unlike me, where our relationship was simply one of mutual interest, she desires to destroy humanity so much that she probably does not mind becoming a simple tool of the devilfolk. Hrotti—the country that the ‘Adventurer King,’ Phecda, founded—was destroyed by her hands.”</p>

      <p><em>—And there’s the current winner of the ‘who’s done the worst things’ contest.</em></p>

      <p>I somehow managed to fight the desire to facepalm but couldn’t stop myself from heaving a sigh.</p>

      <p>Scorpius of the Scorpion was...well, exactly as it said on the tin. She was a scorpion monster. Her monster name was ‘Emperor Berserk Scorpion.’ Nickname: ‘The Berserk Ruler.’ She could apply poison to her normal attacks and sprayed poison mist. Even if you were already poisoned, she could poison you more, turning it into ‘lethal poison’... Basically, she was a poison specialist who fought by poisoning you, poisoning you again, and then poisoning you <em>even more</em>.</p>

      <p>She didn’t have any other means of attack, but she was really, really tough, so she forced her enemies into a war of attrition. You might feel relieved, since her attack power was low, but once she lost a certain amount of HP, she went into a berserk state and attacked with amazing momentum. She was quite nasty as a boss.</p>

      <p>But to me, she wasn’t actually that scary an opponent. <em>I kind of feel bad for thinking it, but thanks to my dress, any opponent who relies on status ailments is basically nothing to me.</em></p>

      <p>But to towns and countries these days, there probably wasn’t a scarier enemy out there. After all, she could spread her poison mist over a wide area. If she really tried to kill an entire country, she’d be really good at it. <em>No joke.</em></p>

      <p>“Ahh, Scorpius... She really worshiped Miss Lufas, didn’t she?”</p>

      <p>After finishing his corn, Aries spoke up understandingly. “If all that turned into hate, then she could be a very dangerous individual right now.”</p>

      <p><em>Is she really that dangerous?</em></p>

      <p>Libra nodded in agreement. “Yes. As she is now, she’s so immersed in her revenge that she won’t even listen to us. In fact, her hatred is so great she broke through her level constraints. Right now, she’s level 900. Sorry, but I am no match for her.”</p>

      <p><em>She did something that amazing?! The maximum level for a Tamer’s monster is 800. How the hell did she break that on her own? That nut.</em></p>

      <p>I glanced over at Libra and asked her a question. “Libra, what would happen if you tried to fight her?”</p>

      <p>“...I predict my probability of winning to be around 62%. Using my past data on Scorpius to project her current level of strength, I believe my battle capability exceeds hers. Although a preemptive use of Brachium should shave away a lot of her HP, it will not be enough to kill her. After that, it will be a simple comparison of our statuses and abilities. In other words, a question of whether Scorpius or I will fall first.”</p>

      <p><em>So it’s even dangerous for Libra, the strongest companion I have at the moment. I’d figured that she’d definitely win, since poison doesn’t work on golems, but I guess Scorpius is just that dangerous.</em></p>

      <p>But Aries should’ve been able to match Scorpius’ poison DoT with his Mesarthim. No matter how high her defenses were, it was basically meaningless in the face of percent damage. <em>Aries should have higher HP, too.</em> They were both Fire element as well, so even if Scorpius went berserk, it shouldn’t matter too much to Aries. <em>He matches up pretty well with her.</em></p>

      <p>Aigokeros himself had admitted that he was no match for Scorpius, so he was out.</p>

      <p>As for Dina... She had the advantage in attribute affinities, but her HP was far too low<em>. I don’t think she’ll be able to last through a berserk scorpion’s attacks.</em> I wasn’t entirely sure how well she could fight, so I couldn’t be certain, but it was probably impossible for her.</p>

      <p><em>That means if we meet, Aries’ll have to step up, huh?</em></p>

      <p><em>But Scorpius should be in devilfolk territory right now, so we’ll have to let her be for the moment.</em></p>

      <p>“Other than that... Leon the ‘Lion’ and the ‘Vampire Princess’ Benetnasch are at war and skirmish daily. It’s a full-force fight to the death between the strongest of the Twelve Heavenly Stars and the strongest of the Seven Heroes. Even the devilfolk’s Seven Luminaries won’t go near, since they might get caught up in the fight and die.”</p>

      <p>“Hm... Benetnasch should have the slight advantage for that fight. She even outdid us at close range combat, after all.”</p>

      <p>“No, well... Leon, uhh... Well, unlike the other Twelve Heavenly Stars, he’s never been exactly loyal to you... Once you disappeared he completely returned to the wild, and he’s back to being level 1000.”</p>

      <p><em>Wow, now that’s chaos for you.</em></p>

      <p><em>So they’re ignoring me or any potential heroes to fight for the top of the hill?</em></p>

      <p>A fight between Benetnasch in her prime and Leon from back when he was a boss enemy was the stuff of dreams. <em>I actually want to watch, but I also don’t really want to get too close.</em></p>

      <p>“Hey, Aigo... Wasn’t Benetnasch really stuck on seeing Lufas as her rival...?”</p>

      <p>“She was. Ever since she lost to Miss Lufas once in the past, she’s set surpassing Miss Lufas as her goal. She’s very tenacious about it, too. Leon’s the same. He used to be hailed as the strongest monster, but he was beaten by Miss Lufas and added to her forces. Even though he obeyed her, he was always on the lookout for the chance to usurp her position.”</p>

      <p>“A warning, Master. If you were to ever get close to their fight, there is an 80% probability of Benetnasch and Leon stopping their fight and charging at you instead.”</p>

      <p><em>...I take it all back. It’s not just that I don’t really want to get too close. I don’t want to be anywhere near them.</em></p>

      <p>Apparently Leon and Benetnasch were complete outliers to the usual Twelve Heavenly Stars or Seven Heroes in that they viewed me as an enemy. <em>Just imagining a level 1000 stat-boosted character and a level 1000 boss monster rushing me along with their armies is scary.</em></p>

      <p><em>I can’t even joke about it. Yeah. Let’s leave those two for last. They can just keep each other company for a while.</em></p>

      <p>“Also...this might not really matter, but it seems that the country of swords, Laevateinn, has succeeded in summoning a hero.”</p>

      <p>“Oh?” I couldn’t stop my voice from sounding a little hoarse after hearing that news.</p>

      <p>Apparently a proper hero had been summoned to this world.</p>

      <p>By ‘hero’ it probably meant that they had the hidden class ‘Chosen.’ It was the strongest front line class. Normally, raising Warrior, Light Warrior, Heavy Warrior, and Swordmaster to level 200 was required before unlocking it. In the game, no one had even known it existed until Alioth discovered it. And as far as I knew, there were no other players who’d taken that class other than Alioth.</p>

      <p><em>I mean, the unlock conditions for it were just awful.</em></p>

      <p>The abilities for Warrior, Light Warrior, and Heavy Warrior were all similar. If someone wanted warrior-like abilities, only taking one of them was basic common knowledge. On top of that, the player would have to pay real money to raise the max class levels of all those not-especially-powerful classes to 200 when there was literally no other merit in doing so.</p>

      <p>The only classes worth paying to raise the max level of were upper-tier classes like Swordmaster or classes for which an upper tier didn’t exist, like Alchemist. This was also basic common knowledge for anyone who played the game.</p>

      <p>However, Alioth did this anyway. He ignored how awful and inefficient his stat growth was and stuck to only being a front line swordsman. Since he completely ignored the most efficient character builds, I and everyone else viewed Alioth as a joke character. I believed the player behind Alioth himself also at least half played him as one, too.</p>

      <p>Everyone, including me, believed there was no way he’d ever become strong.</p>

      <p>But at the end of that ridiculous character build lay a hidden class, and Alioth suddenly jumped all the way to being the strongest character in the game. All his terrible stat growth until then was more than made up for once he got the class, and his arsenal of skills became insanely brutal.</p>

      <p>The skill “Climax” is at the top of that list. This allowed the Chosen to revive when their HP hit 0 and counterattack, and also raised their crit rate to 100%.</p>

      <p>If that class was unlocked at the start...the hero would most likely rival us stat-boosted characters easily just by leveling.</p>

      <p>I put my hand to my chin and muttered, “That’s bad...”</p>

      <p>The hero class was strong. That was why this was terrible news.</p>

      <p><em>Why is it terrible? Because the devilfolk know about it.</em></p>

      <p>The fact that I got this info from Aigokeros meant that the devilfolk already knew this. And they should also have known how dangerous the Chosen could be from fighting Alioth. They might try to end him while his level was still low.</p>

      <p>But if he managed to raise his level, he might become a monster to rival me or the Seven Heroes. And the devilfolk knew that, too.</p>

      <p><em>Now if that’s the case, what’ll happen? What should I do? If I were the devilfolk, how would I act? </em></p>

      <p><em>—No need to dwell on it... I’d kill him before he grew too dangerous. That’s the best course of action.</em></p>

      <p>“That hero will be killed if he is left alone.”</p>

      <p>The hero was humanity’s faint ray of hope. And he was already in danger right from the start.</p>

      <p>No one in the car objected to my statement.</p>

      <h2>2</h2>

      <p>There existed a state of checkmate so obvious that anyone could tell at a glance. For example, there’d be no escaping if the king was immediately surrounded by enemy pieces right after a game of chess started. And you’d basically already lost at old maid when you had two cards left, one of which was the joker, and it was your turn to pull a card from your opponent, who only had one card left.</p>

      <p>A lot of old RPGs started off with a scene where your mom woke you up from bed. But if the one waking you up was the demon lord in a full set of equipment with his army in tow, then all the player could really do at that point was throw away the controller and quit.</p>

      <p>Basically, this was just such a situation. It hadn’t actually happened yet, but if I were to leave things alone, it definitely would end with the hero’s head being lopped off.</p>

      <p>My statement that the hero would die was met with nods and other gestures of agreement. However, the atmosphere was not one of sadness.</p>

      <p>It might be rude to say this, but the hero was basically a stranger to the Twelve Heavenly Stars in the first place. They had no real reason to care. But I was different. If this world moved as game scenarios dictated, then the hero would have to be the one to defeat the Devil King.</p>

      <p><em>I can’t just let the hero die.</em></p>

      <p>That was why I tried to make it as obvious as possible that we were facing a serious situation. But...Aries and the others were rather blasé in their agreement. They probably only figured I was making small talk or something.</p>

      <p>If I were to give an example, it was like if a baseball-fanatic dad told his son, “Oh no, my favorite team’s gonna lose!” But his son, who cared nothing for baseball, just replied, “I see.”</p>

      <p>“As expected, Miss Lufas. You’re correct. The devilfolk will most likely send one of the Seven Luminaries after the hero whenever he departs on his journey—today or tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>Dina nodded in agreement to Aigokeros’ prediction before dissing classic RPG tropes. “Well, that would be the right move. There’s no reason to wait for the hero to get stronger, after all. It’s not like they’ll do something so nice as to politely adjust the placement of their forces according to the hero’s strengths or something like that.”</p>

      <p><em>Like, it’s necessary, right? If the final boss just charged in right from the beginning, it wouldn’t even be a game.</em> <em>Final bosses are there to let the player have fun. Don’t you get it?</em></p>

      <p><em>Also, the timing of the hero’s departure is actually really convenient. Really convenient...</em></p>

      <p><em>Wait, no.</em></p>

      <p>Dina was the one who got us started on this topic. Meaning she brought this up at exactly the right time. <em>It seems like Dina doesn’t want the hero to die, either.</em></p>

      <p>“...Didn’t Laevateinn have that Sword Saint or whatever? And they call themselves the country of swords, so the strength of their soldiers shouldn’t be that bad. Even supposing that one of the Seven Luminaries attacks...how well would they be able to fight?” I asked Aigokeros, who probably knew just as much as Dina did about how powerful the devilfolk were.</p>

      <p>After a moment of thought, Aigokeros replied, “Let’s see... That country has a sword—”</p>

      <p>He was forcefully cut off by Dina for some reason. “It has a barrier that the Sword King Alioth erected, so the Seven Luminaries will probably be repelled, Miss Lufas.”</p>

      <p><em>Like... Hmm... Do you actually enjoy explaining things or something? Or were you afraid of having your role of expositioner taken away from you?</em></p>

      <p>Aigokeros glared at Dina, but she shrugged it off with a smug expression.</p>

      <p>In contrast to the two of them, who were battling over some weird position, Aries and Libra were both at peace. Aries had started on a second ear of corn, and Libra was simply observing everything that was going on.</p>

      <p>“Barrier?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Made using the hero skill ‘Soul Succession.’ As you should kno—”</p>

      <p>“It’s exactly as you expect!” This time, Aigokeros was the one to interrupt Dina.</p>

      <p><em>What the hell are you doing?</em></p>

      <p>For now, I purposefully ignored what was going on between the two of them and instead tried to recall the skill they’d brought up.</p>

      <p>“Soul Succession.”</p>

      <p><em>...Its effect should be...</em></p>

      <p>“ ...Ah, right.”</p>

      <p>Its effect was to put up a wide-area barrier to considerably buff the abilities of all player characters in a set area while also debuffing the abilities of any enemies in the same area by the same amount. That would normally just make it a combined buff/debuff skill. The ridiculous part of the skill was that it lasted until the battle was over.</p>

      <p>But there were also large demerits to the skill. The hero who used the skill instantly died and was respawned in town immediately, with no time allowed for resurrection. In the game, Alioth played a prank by making a full dash back to battle after using the skill, confusing people into yelling, “Weren’t you dead?!” To which he replied, “Nope, too bad! It was a trick!”</p>

      <p><em>But in this world, using it equals death... Probably...</em> There’d be nothing so pleasant as having the user just run back from town.</p>

      <p>“No wonder why they managed to last so long without a hero. ...No, that’s technically wrong. Alioth is protecting that place even now.”</p>

      <p>Svel had Megrez and Levia.</p>

      <p>Gjallar had Merak and his Pressure.</p>

      <p>And Laevateinn had the barrier.</p>

      <p>Each place had its own method to protect itself.</p>

      <p>Hrotti, the country that that idiot Scorpius destroyed, had probably had no defenses like that. But Phecda should have had the Monster Tamer class. It wouldn’t have been strange for there to be at least one strong monster defending the place.</p>

      <p><em>...Could they all have been killed in the fight with the Devil King?</em></p>

      <p>At any rate, it was probably safe to assume all the countries that still existed had at least some way to defend themselves.</p>

      <p>“Understood. Then they should be safe within the country’s borders.”</p>

      <p>“Exactly. Even if Aigokeros or I managed to infiltrate inside the barrier, I think we’d have a tough time. Though we’d still manage to do considerable damage, of course,” Aries declared.</p>

      <p>I was impressed.<em> So the barrier is strong enough for even the Twelve Heavenly Stars to be cautious.</em></p>

      <p>The divide between humanity and the Twelve Heavenly Stars in this world was like heaven and earth. But even with this gap in power, Aries hesitated to say he could do it. The power of the barrier was truly unfathomable.</p>

      <p>Of course, he was still confident that they could take that buff/debuff combo and still half-destroy the country and basically decimate all its knights. But at the very least, that meant that someone on the level of the Seven Luminaries wouldn’t be able to deal with its effects.</p>

      <p>This was predicated on the assumption that there were no other level 1000s mixed into the Seven Luminaries like Dina, though. That meant this also served as proof that there were no others like Dina. After all, if there were others at Dina’s level, they could just toss in meteors from outside the barriers.</p>

      <p>Although there was probably some difference in power levels between the Seven Luminaries, there basically shouldn’t be any other outliers like Dina. <em>I feel guilty saying this about other people, but they’re really just a collection of small-fry.</em></p>

      <p>However, I hadn’t really felt any of the effects when I’d been there. Was there really a barrier? Did the barrier just not affect me because I was a player? Or was it actually affecting me, and I was just too stupid to notice?</p>

      <p><em>I’m a little curious.</em></p>

      <p>“Master, I would be able to destroy Laevateinn with a 98% chance of success.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t.”</p>

      <p>I stopped Libra, who sounded very proud of what she’d said, in her tracks while holding back my desire to sigh.</p>

      <p><em>...Every time Libra says something like this, I’m reminded that I should be grateful she decided to hole up in that grave, especially since she can just ignore the barrier and fire Brachium.</em> Buffs and debuffs had no meaning in the face of fixed damage.</p>

      <p>“Returning to the subject at hand, you’re saying that they won’t make a move as long as he stays within the country and its barrier?”</p>

      <p>“It should be safe as long as the one attacking isn’t Scorpius, the Devil King himself, or one of his direct descendants. However, if you flip that around, that means that as long as one of those people move, then the hero and country will definitely perish. And all this is out the window anyway if he leaves.”</p>

      <p>“Which means?”</p>

      <p>“They’ll wait for the moment the hero leaves on his journey. As soon as the hero leaves the capital, he’ll encounter one of the Seven Luminaries.” Dina spoke confidently.</p>

      <p><em>I see.</em> <em>In other words, it’ll be a blitz as soon as he leaves the capital. In which case, the episode title would be: “Ah! A Wild Seven Luminary Appeared!”</em></p>

      <p><em>Yep, that’d be checkmate for the hero. Like, don’t let the boss go all that way to assault the main character. That’s a forbidden tactic in RPGs. Bosses should quietly and faithfully wait in the back of their castles and dungeons so they can practice being cool and saying things like, “Well met, Hero!”</em></p>

      <p>The fact that Dina, a member of the Seven Luminaries, could say all this with such confidence also meant that this had already been decided. <em>I see.</em></p>

      <p>That rumored Sword Saint would probably be accompanying the hero. But even so, he wouldn’t be enough against a member of the Seven Luminaries.</p>

      <p>“One of the Seven Luminaries will definitely attack when the hero leaves. Which means it is also the perfect chance to take down another one. All of you, wait here. We will go back to Laevateinn briefly.”</p>

      <p>My real objective was to protect the hero, but Aries and the others wouldn’t be satisfied with just that. So for now, I just made a decent excuse.</p>

      <p>It wouldn’t be necessary to bring anyone with me for just one of the Seven Luminaries. If I were to fly at my fastest, the only one who could keep pace with me would be Dina in the first place. Libra would be able to catch up in a little bit, but I didn’t feel the need to bring such a dangerous weapon with me all the way to Laevateinn. <em>If she used Brachium, then there might be some damage to the capital, after all.</em></p>

      <p>Dina was... <em>No, that’s not a good idea.</em> She herself said that the Seven Luminaries knew that Dina was Venus. If she were with me and clearly taking hostile action, then they would assume that she had betrayed them. If that happened, I’d lose the double agent I’d taken all this trouble to gain. I needed them to continue believing that Venus was their ally, at least for now.</p>

      <p>“Are you planning to go alone, Master?” Libra spoke worriedly, but I didn’t think there was any need for it.</p>

      <p>“It won’t be a problem. We can easily win against the rest of the Seven Luminaries, even if they all attacked us at once.”</p>

      <p>It might be a little conceited, but I wasn’t worried about anybody from the Seven Luminaries if they were only as strong as Mars or Jupiter. Even if there were a hundred of them, I could probably sweep them in one AoE attack.</p>

      <p><em>That’s just what happens when the gap in levels is that big.</em></p>

      <p><em>And if in the worst-case scenario it turns out I actually need a friendly, I can always just make a golem on the spot. Anyway, as long as I don’t let my guard down... No, I probably couldn’t lose even if I did that.</em></p>

      <p>Even if I just took a break from fighting for a while to read a light novel or something, they wouldn’t even shave off 10% of my HP by the time I was finished. In fact, if I just made a golem instead, there was actually a possibility that they’d all be dead by the time I was done reading.</p>

      <p><em>That’s just how wide the gap between our power levels is. </em>It was harder to lose.</p>

      <p>“We shall return tomorrow. There is no need to worry,” I told Aries and the others before leaving Tanaka.</p>

      <p><em>At any rate, I should take any opportunity to eliminate the Seven Luminaries I can, considering the state of the world right now.</em></p>

      <p><em>I don’t know what the Devil King is thinking, but he doesn’t seem to be doing anything for himself.</em> The only ones actually fighting were the Seven Luminaries and the Twelve Heavenly Stars.</p>

      <p><em>As for the Seven Luminaries, I have killed two so far.</em> <em>Dina was a spy, so that leaves four more. If I took one out here, that would make three, which would help humanity out a lot.</em></p>

      <p>While continuing to ponder on all that, I opened my wings and took to the sky.</p>

      <p><em>The feeling of being freed from gravity is really nice. I don’t think I’ll ever get tired of it. Every time I experience this feeling I’m glad that I am heaven-winged.</em></p>

      <p>Cutting through the air, I crossed huge distances in a single flap. <em>I love the fact that I can travel distances that Tanaka would need a couple days to travel in a scant ten or so minutes.</em></p>

      <p><em>Still though, I wonder what’s up with these wings?</em></p>

      <p>A human would need a wingspan of over 20 meters to fly, or so I remembered reading somewhere. But my wings were nowhere near that big. They certainly were large, but each one was only about a meter long. Even so, I could fly quite easily.</p>

      <p><em>This world really is a fantasy.</em></p>

      <p>I flew for some time. I was currently in the airspace above Laevateinn, the country which once called me to this world. It wasn’t far back enough for me to feel nostalgic about it, though. In actuality, it had only been a couple of weeks. But I still felt quite thankful to this country as a whole.</p>

      <p>I was here because the country had made a mistake. And thanks to that, I had managed to meet Aries and the others. I was fully aware that this was probably a strange way of thinking about things. I imagined most people would’ve been angry at having been ripped away from life in modern Japan, which was peaceful and safe.</p>

      <p><em>I suppose the right mindset would be wanting to return as fast as possible.</em></p>

      <p><em>But... I don’t think that way at all. I wonder why? It’s as if I’m immune to homesickness. I don’t even feel nostalgic for my homeland.</em></p>

      <p>Japan provided a peaceful life, guaranteed safety, well-built housing, and the ability to easily get clothes and food. Not to mention the large number of activities and amusements.</p>

      <p>...This place was a huge jump from that.</p>

      <p>There was literally a world of difference between here and Japan, since this world was being threatened by the devilfolk. It’d be a unanimous decision when it came to deciding which world was more fortunate.</p>

      <p><em>But still. I wonder why?</em></p>

      <p><em>I feel like the other world is the unfamiliar one...as if I were viewing it in a dream or from the other side of a screen.</em> That place didn’t feel real. It just didn’t.</p>

      <p>Even though I certainly remembered having grown up and living there all the way into adulthood, it all still felt as if it had happened to someone else... It was like I was peeking into some unknown person’s life in the form of a TV drama.</p>

      <p><em>I just feel like that life had nothing to do with me.</em></p>

      <p><em>It seems as if I’m integrating with “Lufas” in a pretty unfavorable way.</em></p>

      <p><em>No, wait. Or maybe from the start...</em></p>

      <p>...</p>

      <p><em>Let’s stop. I don’t have the time to be going down that road right now. Or rather, I just lost the leeway to do so.</em></p>

      <p>I twisted my neck and looked around the country of Laevateinn once again. After taking a closer look, I really did find something like a barrier covering the entire capital.</p>

      <p>Normally no skill would cover this wide a range, but that just meant there was yet another difference from the game. Either that, or this was a show of Alioth’s willpower.</p>

      <p>“We see... No wonder the Seven Luminaries would not be able to get close. You think so, too, no?” I muttered, talking to someone behind me.</p>

      <p>When I’d started to look around the city a moment ago, I felt a presence suddenly appear behind me. I never confirmed what the figure looked like. It stayed behind me, and I could clearly feel it just standing there, not doing anything in particular.</p>

      <p>The fact that the presence appeared so suddenly meant that the first thing to suspect was teleportation through Exgate. I’d confirmed with Dina already that there was no other method of teleportation other than the Exgate spell.</p>

      <p>And there were conditions to be able to use Exgate as well. One had to be able to use both heaven-arts and magic. That was why vampires, who could only use magic, and heaven-winged, who could only use heaven-arts, were barred from using it. The beastfolk could also probably be counted out in this day and age, since they’d always been bad at using magic.</p>

      <p>That meant there was a limited selection of people who could use Exgate.</p>

      <p>...It wasn’t Dina. This feeling of pressure and hostility didn’t belong to her. But it wasn’t some other member of the Seven Luminaries, either. This presence was too strong to be one of them.</p>

      <p>Then...</p>

      <p>There were very few others it could be. And I already knew the answer. I was almost certain. I’d never actually met that person before, but I knew them well.</p>

      <p>I’d always known we would meet eventually. My premonition resonated. It was even the exact same as how I’d felt two hundred years ago. I remembered both fearing and looking forward to this.</p>

      <p>“Right, Devil King?”</p>

      <p>For some reason, We (I) had a smile on, an expression that could only be described as warlike.</p>

      <p>The one behind me, <em>he</em>, spoke.</p>

      <h2>3</h2>

      <p>Minamijuuji Sei was a completely normal boy attending a Japanese high school in the year 2015. He was 17 years old, 170 cm tall, weighed 60 kg, and had a very average build. There was nothing he was especially good at, but nothing he was especially bad at, either.</p>

      <p>His grades were on the upper end of average. He was pretty good at PE, but he wasn’t one of the best in his class. Both in studies and athletics, he was slightly above average, but that was it.</p>

      <p>His looks were quite good, and in the ‘clean and nice’ category. However, he was a far cry from someone who could be an idol or model. He was simply in the higher tier in his class.</p>

      <p>This boy who didn’t have much of anything special about him was currently far from Japan. Rather, he wasn’t even on Earth anymore. He had stepped foot into an entirely different world—the world of Mizgarz.</p>

      <p>It all started when a voice calling for help suddenly rang in his head. He responded to the call by searching around for the owner of the voice. If someone was hurt, he would apply first aid before calling for an ambulance. If the person was being attacked, he would find some people to help to stop the attack with numbers.</p>

      <p>Either way, the boy responded that he wanted to help, since he’d been asked.</p>

      <p>However, his worry was all for naught. By the time he’d noticed, he was in another world and being asked to please defeat the Devil King and the Great Conqueror.</p>

      <p><em>What...?</em></p>

      <p>He was bewildered and was stuck on one thought. <em>Just what kind of joke is this?</em></p>

      <p>It had been over forty years since the great undertaking that was the Apollo 11 moon landing. Since then, science and technology had taken great leaps and bounds, but humanity had yet to leave the solar system.</p>

      <p>Even so, a human who wasn’t even wearing a spacesuit just made the jump to another world by himself using some occultish power that was being referred to as magic. Any scientists who were currently doing research in the desperate hope of one day going to space could go ahead and weep.</p>

      <p>Such was the ridiculous situation that the boy was thrown into, but for some reason, he was very quick to adapt.</p>

      <p>Either that, or he was simply an idiot.</p>

      <p>At any rate, the boy who had just been thrust into an unknown situation in an entirely different world didn’t shout, flail around, or make a fuss demanding to be sent back. Instead, he remained calm the entire time in order to listen to the people around him as to why he’d been called and what he should do. One such person was a young elf (although he was actually over two hundred years old) who was apparently the one who’d summoned him. After hearing all that, he easily accepted all that new information, too.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t as if he wasn’t scared of fighting. But he had always had a dream, one that he’d had since a much earlier age, a reckless drive towards a future filled with ideals.</p>

      <p>When he was much younger, he wanted to be a cop. He admired the modern heroes who helped people. It was a plan for the future drawn up by a child who still didn’t know anything about corruption or how tough the world was.</p>

      <p>He’d been raised watching the figure of his dad, who was a cop, from behind. He was always proud of how people relied on his father. That was why he’d wanted to be the same. He’d admired that and set it as his goal. And even now, that desire hadn’t faded.</p>

      <p>Sei never imagined he would be fighting a Devil King or the Great Conqueror or whatever they were called in another world. Rather, there was no way he could have.</p>

      <p>Even now, he still didn’t want to kill anybody. He wasn’t planning to, either. But he also couldn’t just snub the people who were asking for his help. If he were to leave the people who wanted his help now, he felt that he would never manage to achieve his dream.</p>

      <p>That was exactly why Sei agreed to help these people from another world. He did so because he felt that his own personal hero, the image of his father inside his heart, would never refuse to help.</p>

      <p>“...No matter how much enthusiasm I have, my skills need to be able to keep up...”</p>

      <p>Sei was currently in a training area taking sword lessons from his mentor, Friedrich, when he muttered that to himself.</p>

      <p>However, diverting attention elsewhere in the training area was akin to suicide. This was especially true when one was facing a superior opponent—the Sword Saint in this case, the strongest swordsman in the world.</p>

      <p>Friedrich parried, knocking Sei’s sword out of his hands and pointing the end of it at Sei’s throat.</p>

      <p>The match was decided.</p>

      <p>Sei raised his hands to signal surrender, once again looking up at his mentor.</p>

      <p>At first, Sei had been imagining an awesome, handsome knight given the cool title of Sword Saint and the name Friedrich. But when he’d actually met his mentor for the first time, he found that the real thing couldn’t have been further from his imagination.</p>

      <p>If Friedrich were to be summed up in one word, it would be...tiger.</p>

      <p>That wasn’t a metaphor. His head was literally that of a tiger’s.</p>

      <p>No, it wasn’t just his head. Friedrich’s entire body was covered in fur colored a tiger’s exact shade of orange with black stripes.</p>

      <p>Sei had an over-2-meter-tall tiger-man wearing armor coming at him with a sword. Everybody expected him to drop to the floor with his legs like jelly. In fact, Sei actually <em>had</em> done that.</p>

      <p>On top of that, Friedrich had all the tendencies and flexibility of a feline and would often climb inside boxes that were smaller than him for no reason other than to be in them. In fact, Friedrich would often try to squeeze himself into tight gaps or small boxes whenever he had the free time, often then finding himself unable to get out.</p>

      <p>However, it was forbidden to refer to him as just a bipedal cat. He was a proud tiger.</p>

      <p>Regardless of whether or not he reacted to waving foxtails, he was a great tiger beastfolk. He was still a tiger, even if he would sometimes come back with a dead mouse in his mouth.</p>

      <p>“GGRRWWWOOOAAARRRR!” The Sword Saint roared.</p>

      <p><em>It might not really matter in the grand scheme of things, but at least speak an actual language,</em> Sei found himself thinking.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t as if the beastfolk were a race that didn’t understand normal, human speech. In fact, they could talk quite well. However, the Sword Saint insisted on roaring. It sounded exactly like a tiger’s. He could probably actually speak if he ever felt like it. At least, that was what the elf man said, but Sei had yet to see that happen.</p>

      <p>“It seems the captain is angry that you were distracted in the middle of your mock battle.” The one who translated for the Sword Saint was the woman who served as the vice-captain of the knight brigade.</p>

      <p>The trope was for female knights to all be beautiful...or at least it should have been. The vice-captain herself wasn’t really all that much. In fact, her rough features likened her more to a female gorilla.</p>

      <p>She was muscular, had pitch-black skin, and her hair was done up in dreadlocks. That, along with her huge nostrils and thick lips, shattered Sei’s image of a female knight.</p>

      <p><em>Isn’t she more like an Amazon warrior? </em>Sei thought.</p>

      <p>Also, when Sei looked closer, he could see hairs sticking out of her huge nostrils. That was just how reality was.</p>

      <p>“Grrr...”</p>

      <p>“The captain says he wants chicken today.”</p>

      <p>“What? Even if you tell me that...”</p>

      <p>“Graagh!”</p>

      <p>“It seems the captain wants to go out, so that’s it for training today.”</p>

      <p>“...Isn’t this Sword Saint a little too true to his whims?”</p>

      <p>Friedrich was a very whimsical person. Just a little while ago, he’d been playing with a ball, entranced, when he suddenly got tired and went off somewhere.</p>

      <p><em>Like, is everyone sure he isn’t just a huge cat? </em>Sei desperately fought the urge to ask that out loud.</p>

      <p>Because even through all that, he was still the world’s only swordmaster and Sword Saint. His figure as a swordsman was like the symbol of the country. That was why Sei couldn’t badmouth him.</p>

      <p>“Sir Sei!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, Kross. What’s wrong?”</p>

      <p>Sei wondered what was going on while watching the Sword Saint leave when the young-looking elf ran over. He was the one who had summoned Sei to this world, and unlike what his outward appearance suggested, he was already two hundred years old and the king’s advisor.</p>

      <p><em>His full name should be, uhh...Kross Nozan?</em></p>

      <p>“It seems we’ve finally gathered all the members necessary for our travels. Please take Friedrich and meet up with the king at his palace.”</p>

      <p>Having heard that, Sei’s expression grew tense. <em>So it’s finally time,</em> he thought.</p>

      <p>Even if he was called the hero, Sei was still just a civilian who’d lived in the peaceful country of Japan until recently. It didn’t matter that he’d started training with the sword. Sending him out on a journey was akin to killing him.</p>

      <p>That was why the kingdom had to prepare the best comrades and equipment for him.</p>

      <p>The king had said that Sei had to put all his effort into learning the sword until then.</p>

      <p>The time had finally come. The kingdom had everything and everyone at the ready, and preparations were complete.</p>

      <p>And that meant that the day Sei would depart on his journey was close at hand.</p>

      <p>“...All right.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Oh, hero. It is time to set out on your journey.”</p>

      <p>“Understood!”</p>

      <p>Sei and Friedrich were knelt in front of the king with bowed heads. There were several unfamiliar faces on standby next to the king’s throne. Sei figured that they were most likely the people who were going to become his companions.</p>

      <p>“Manpower and weapons. We have gathered everything you will need to the best of our abilities. First, there is the pride of our nation, Friedrich the Sword Saint.”</p>

      <p>“GWOAARRRR!” The Sword Saint answered the king with a roar.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, come on. At least talk in front of the king.</em></p>

      <p>Sei wondered if this would be counted as an insult. But apparently, this wasn’t unusual, and no one reacted.</p>

      <p>The elf man was next on the list.</p>

      <p>“This here is Kross the Acolyte, a master of heaven-arts and my advisor.”</p>

      <p>“On my life, I swear I will be of service.”</p>

      <p><em>He must be pretty strong to have his name called so early. They told me that he’s one of the few survivors from the fight with Lufas two hundred years ago, so this might actually be a smart choice.</em></p>

      <p>“This is Alfie. She is a promising new star who graduated at the top of her class from Svel’s magic academy. She knows some swordsmanship as well, since she was taught by her father, the mercenary Gantz. She will surely support you well during your journey.”</p>

      <p>“It is such an honor to have been chosen for this, Your Majesty.”</p>

      <p>The one who replied was one of the people who had been waiting by the king’s side, a stubborn-looking girl who had her brown hair in a side ponytail. She was the spitting image of a conventional mage with her black mantle over a white shirt and red skirt.</p>

      <p><em>I kinda feel like her skirt is a little short. Whatever, though. Is she trying to invite me or something?</em></p>

      <p>“From the same country, Svel, we have steel golems that were made and sent to us by the Wise King Megrez himself. It seems that almost all the golems had been destroyed by Aries of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, but they still sent us these posthaste after hearing that the hero was about to depart on his journey.”</p>

      <p>Some inelegant-looking golems stepped forward with a clank. Judging from the feeling of pressure they gave off, they were just as strong as the Sword Saint.</p>

      <p>“And just in case, there will always be ten Rangers from our covert ops units following you and supporting you from the shadows. They are all elite agents over level 50.”</p>

      <p>That was when Sei noticed a group of people in all black who had appeared by the king’s side at some point. Their faces were hidden as well. When they noticed Sei’s gaze, they gave him a thumbs up.</p>

      <p>“And then there are the Great Conqueror’s treasures, brought back from the Grave of the Black-Winged King by the four members of Falcon’s Eye. You all may choose from the best of these, and take them with you.”</p>

      <p>After hearing the king’s proclamation, the Sword Saint, Kross, and Alfie’s eyes all widened, sparkling with interest. Sei didn’t understand why, but he could tell that whatever he was being given was apparently worth quite a lot.</p>

      <p><em>At least I won’t be sent out with just a wooden stick or something.</em></p>

      <p>Weapons were brought out and presented to Sei and the others. Alfie, Kross, and the tiger seemed truly happy as they looked upon the weapons. Unfortunately, Sei wasn’t very knowledgeable about weapons, but the ones in front of him gave off such a powerful feeling that even he could tell they were strong at a glance.</p>

      <p><em>I see. No wonder why these people seemed so happy. They’re pure warriors and mages who are true inhabitants of this world.</em></p>

      <p>“Now, the time has come for you to set off. Hero, and all your companions, listen well! Make sure you defeat the evil Devil King and the revived Great Conqueror, and clear the dark skies hanging over us all!” the king declared.</p>

      <p>At the same time, everyone stood up. All their gazes focused on Sei, who hadn’t been keeping up with what was going on, causing him to panic and stand. As soon as he did, trumpets sounded around him, playing an unfamiliar melody. Added to that were the cheers of the people gathered outside the castle. They were so loud it almost hurt.</p>

      <p>“Now go, Hero!”</p>

      <p>This was when it finally hit Sei that it was time for him to go. Right now.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? Isn’t this too fast? Wouldn’t you normally discuss this with me beforehand or give me a day or something?</em> But it was already too late. Everyone’s gazes concentrated on Sei, as if telling him to go already.</p>

      <p>With no other choice, Sei resigned himself and started walking, half in desperation. He was followed by a retinue, as if he were leading some sort of parade. When he got out of the castle, people crowded around to get a look at him as they cheered.</p>

      <p><em>Oh no. This is really embarrassing. </em>Sei’s face turned red, and he started walking faster. <em>I just need to get out of the capital for now. I can think after that.</em></p>

      <p>After that, the parade that was basically a public execution continued for a few minutes before Sei finally reached the gates.</p>

      <p><em>Now, this is when it starts—my adventure to save the world.</em></p>

      <p><em>This is a heroic saga, one that I thought was only ever possible in games, that I’d be looking at from the safety of the other side of the screen. But right now, I’m living one. I am the main character. The only difference is that I don’t get continues.</em></p>

      <p>Sei couldn’t stop himself from getting nervous, and he started to sweat.</p>

      <p><em>Don’t be afraid. Just don’t.</em></p>

      <p><em>Now then, I need to face forward and go. But to be honest, I don’t think I’m suited for this. There’s gotta be people way more fitting for this than me. Like, wouldn’t a soldier with an anti-tank gun or something be way stronger and more reliable than some Japanese student?</em></p>

      <p><em>But in the end, I am the hero. So let’s go.</em></p>

      <p>So as to not worry his companions, Sei took a step forward. At that instant, black feathers entered his vision. Right afterwards, a black angel descended.</p>

      <p>She had a crimson mantle on over a pure-white dress. The ominous black wings which were her symbol were on full display, spreading out from behind her. Her golden hair had red mixed in, as if it were on fire. And her looks could only be described as unparalleled.</p>

      <p>However, the ground crumbled beneath her simply from her touching down. Just the absolute power of her presence caused the ranger unit behind Sei to have their legs give out from under them.</p>

      <p>“Huh? No way. That’s...”</p>

      <p>“L-L-L-L-Lu-Lufas Maphaahlllll?!!” Alfie muttered, scared, while Kross out-and-out screamed.</p>

      <p><em>Thought so.</em> <em>It’s obvious. I can feel my legs giving out just from looking at her. My body is just giving in to fear on its own. There’s no doubt. That’s “her.” </em></p>

      <p><em>She’s the Black-Winged Conqueror!</em></p>

      <p><em>—A wild Lufas Maphaahl appeared!</em></p>

      <p>Even while imagining such a dumb notice popping up, Sei couldn’t allay his fear.</p>

      <p>Fear. Exactly. Right now, Sei was experiencing an unprecedented level of fear. His teeth were chattering and everything.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, no. I can’t fight that. There’s no way. I can’t do it. That’s a monster in human skin. I’m not even in the same dimension that would be required to attempt to face that.</em></p>

      <p><em>But...aagghh... Why is reality so cruel?</em></p>

      <p>To Sei, just encountering the Great Conqueror on the first step of his journey was a nightmare, but the nightmare continued.</p>

      <p>Lufas looked up into the sky. Lured in by that action, Sei also looked up...and there he found yet another monster.</p>

      <p>...It was a man with inhuman blue skin but good looks. His black hair fluttered in the wind, and his eyes were golden. A pitch-black mantle covered his entire body, and the air around him warped as if he were just a mirage. And, horror of horrors...the strength of his presence didn’t fall behind that of the black-winged girl. Sei didn’t even want to think about it. He wished he hadn’t noticed.</p>

      <p>The man touched down at a slow, leisurely pace.</p>

      <p>He stood opposite Lufas with Sei and the others sandwiched between them. He faced off against the Black-Winged Conqueror, who happened to be on their other side.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, stop that, goddammit. Don’t put us between you.</em> Sei wanted to scream.</p>

      <p>“Wha— Ah... No way... Wha— ...Oh Goddess, no...”</p>

      <p>Kross looked so pale Sei was worried he would die right then and there. His eyes were tearing up, and his face was twisted in despair. Apparently Kross knew the man as well. He knew the man and feared him.</p>

      <p>“Devil...”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“Devil King...! Why is the Devil King here...?!”</p>

      <p>—A wild Devil King appeared!</p>

      <p>On the first step...</p>

      <p>Having been suddenly pincered by a double-last-boss encounter with the Great Conqueror and the Devil King, the hero party had one thought: <em>What kind of punishment is this?</em></p>

      <p>And Sei thought something else: <em>...Are we just dead now?</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>