<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_6">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Scorpius quickly dodged the blade, but I’d already closed the distance and planted a kick into her soft belly.</p>

      <p>“Grk! Guhah...!”</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Scorpius? You’re full of openings.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, AAAAAAAHHHH!”</p>

      <p>Even while Scorpius was being carried away by the force of my hit, she used her tail to attack in return.</p>

      <p>We (I) reflexively tilted our (my) head away from the blow, but the tip of her stinger managed to scratch our (my) cheek, leaving a line of trickling blood.</p>

      <p><em>Hm. So she managed to wound us (me)... Then We (I) suppose this’ll be a decent fight.</em></p>

      <p><em>Oh, and We (I) were poisoned from that, weren’t We (I)?</em></p>

      <p>It wasn’t our (my) cloak but our (my) dress that negated status effects. We (I) would get poisoned easily as We (I) were right now. Still, it was an easy fix with heaven-arts.</p>

      <p>We (I) traced the scratch with our finger and erased the poison before licking the blood that stuck to our (my) hands.</p>

      <p>“Good. Well done with that attack. We’re going to raise the speed, then.”</p>

      <p>We (I) didn’t feel any anger at being hurt. In fact, We (I) were happy about it. It was moving how Scorpius had managed to get so strong. While it was unfortunate and disappointing that she became the Goddess’ puppet to do so, We (I) could just tell her that once she’d been returned to normal.</p>

      <p>“Transmute—Sword of Winter!”</p>

      <p>We (I) stabbed our whip sword into the ground and started transmuting. Countless whip sword blades sprouted out of the ground and attacked Scorpius all at once.</p>

      <p>The skill We (I) used was an AoE skill that attacked the entire enemy group with blades from the ground. By mixing in our (my) real blade among the transmuted blades, it also turned into a good feint, since it became hard to tell which one of the blades was real. Of course, the transmuted blades weren’t harmless, but it would be much better to be hit by them than by the real one.</p>

      <p>But it seemed as if Scorpius couldn’t differentiate the real from the fake. She took a deep slash to her leg and fell to the ground. She still didn’t give up, though, and she sprayed poison mist at us (me).</p>

      <p>“...Hmph.”</p>

      <p>If We (I) were hit by the mist, it would result in the deadly poison status. But there was no need to fret. While the mist was certainly a strong move, its weak point was that it also hid the enemy.</p>

      <p>So We (I) leapt inside the mist! Cutting through the poison, We (I) grabbed Scorpius by the head, her face still twisted in shock, and slammed it to the ground.</p>

      <p>While the poison hurt, it wasn’t anywhere near lethal. In fact, the pain was actually comforting, in a way. It proved our (my) subordinate’s growth directly to our (my) senses.</p>

      <p><em>Now, what will you do next? What move will you display for us (me)? You haven’t been slacking off and playing for the last two hundred years, have you? No way. So show us (me) all you’ve got.</em></p>

      <p><em>We’ve finally reunited. Let us (me) enjoy this more—.</em></p>

      <p>...</p>

      <p><em>—No. Wait a second.</em></p>

      <p><em>I need to calm down. I’m just acting like a battle junkie like this.</em></p>

      <p><em>Cool down a bit.</em></p>

      <p>I got too fired up... Actually, I was about to go too far, so I reprimanded myself and barely managed to stop.</p>

      <p><em>What the hell does ‘let me enjoy this’ even mean...? What’s the point of losing sight of the objective like this?</em> Getting Scorpius to behave was the most important thing right now. Hurting her more than necessary served no purpose.</p>

      <p><em>Geez. What is wrong with me? Fighting is just a means to an end, not the end itself. ...What’s even the point of liking fighting this much... Damn...</em></p>

      <h2>26</h2>

      <p><em>Be calm. Be calm. Don’t overdo things, </em>I told myself while facing off against Scorpius, who was still going wild.</p>

      <p>If fighting was all that mattered, then staying as I was before would probably have been better. In that state, where I was being overtaken by ‘Lufas,’ my body had felt so light. Well, rather than light, it was more like I’d suddenly remembered the best way to move.</p>

      <p>I noted this before in the fight with the Devil King, but it seemed like I’d yet to bring out my own full power. I’d felt like I was already fighting at full capacity, but now I understood the Devil King’s words. Lufas’ true strength was probably way higher than I thought. But thanks to me and my function as a lid, it couldn’t be used at all.</p>

      <p>The Seven Heroes weren’t the only ones who’d gotten weaker. Lufas herself had also gotten weaker thanks to me. While my stats hadn’t changed from what I remembered, I had clearly just been exhibiting more power than my stats would suggest.</p>

      <p><em>Are my stats being concealed or overwritten? </em>...It seemed that my own stats couldn’t be trusted.</p>

      <p>Still, that could be left for later. It didn’t matter right now. My current objective was to retrieve Scorpius, not to kill her. So to make sure I didn’t go too far, staying as I currently was would be best.</p>

      <p>“Aaaaaaahhh! AAAAAAGGHHH!” Scorpius screamed, and her body was enveloped by a pitch-black miasma.</p>

      <p>Her body clearly started to expand, and she eventually settled at a size where a normal person would look like trash. The bewitching woman who had been in front of me a little while ago was no longer there. Instead, there was a giant scorpion monster, equal in size to Aries in his monstrous sheep form.</p>

      <p><em>I see. This is where things get serious then... So that’s what she actually looks like.</em></p>

      <p>Scorpius advanced, stomping on Karkinos, who was in her way, as she swung her pincer down at me.</p>

      <p>“!!”</p>

      <p>I reflexively flew to the side to dodge and turned back to look at Virgo and Dina, who were on the ground.</p>

      <p>Dina was managing to defend against the aftershocks with a shield, but if they were to be attacked where they stood, they wouldn’t stand a chance. Luckily, Scorpius was only paying attention to me. Dina could simply stay and give light support while I took on the brunt of the work.</p>

      <p>Scorpius stabbed at me with her tail, and I refused to avoid it. Instead, I caught it with both hands and pulled her forward with all my might.</p>

      <p>“Haaagghh!”</p>

      <p>Then, I punched Scorpius with as much power as I could muster in an attempt to try to move her away from Dina and Virgo. <em>Laws of physics? Never heard of ’em.</em></p>

      <p>I took to the skies and looked down at Scorpius from above while pondering what to do next. Right now, Scorpius was in the same state the Seven Heroes had been two hundred years ago. In other words, the Goddess was both controlling her mind and powering her up. Given that she was moving under the Goddess’ power, I couldn’t just decimate her to stop all this.</p>

      <p>But I had no way of dealing with this situation... <em>I think I really am going to have to have her work her hardest... Well, I’ll still need to render Scorpius unconscious or something first.</em></p>

      <p>“SHAAAAAAHHH!!”</p>

      <p>Scorpius let out a cry as she sent a scything pincer at me, but I blocked it with a single arm.</p>

      <p>That was a bad decision, though, since I was still in the air, where I couldn’t brace myself. I got thrown away like I’d bounced off her pincer myself, making an emergency landing on the ground. While I didn’t take much damage, I could still tell that Scorpius was seriously packing a punch. Even though I was in midair, I’d never expected to be thrown back this far.</p>

      <p>I dodged her second swing, and I closed the distance between me and Scorpius in one step.</p>

      <p><em>For now, I guess I’ll just attack and try to calculate when would be best to stop. First up, the Grappler skill “Power Break!” Let’s lower her attack while putting in some damage.</em></p>

      <p>Then, I readied my right fist near my waist and leapt. When I reached Scorpius’ face, I unleashed a 100% crit rate skill, “Smash.”</p>

      <p>Scorpius’ huge scorpion body got blown away. I got in front of her trajectory and drove an axe kick into her, forcing her into the ground. From the side, it must have looked like I’d teleported.</p>

      <p><em>Okay. That’s three hits for now. I know she won’t die from just this, but I have to be careful. I can’t have her dying by accident. </em>Having to fight while watching your enemy’s HP was far more troublesome than simply fighting to kill or defeat.</p>

      <p>Scorpius got back up immediately and started unleashing her trademark poison mist.</p>

      <p>I didn’t have any skills that could prevent poison... But, in this game-like but very real world, there was no need to rely on skills. I flapped my wings, which were being hidden by the stealth bandages, using the wind they kicked up to create a wall of wind. Of course, the poison mist was pushed back, heading towards Scorpius herself. <em>...Well, poison doesn’t even work on her, so there’s no point, though.</em></p>

      <p>I dodged her follow-up pincer attack, but her other pincer slammed into my flank. I guarded against the blow, of course, but was it just me or was Scorpius’ reaction speed getting faster? This hit was also a little heavier than the one I’d taken before.</p>

      <p><em>...I see. As time goes on, she gets stronger. So it’s the type of setup where we’re fighting equally by the time anyone notices, and eventually, I’ll be overtaken, huh? A truly ridiculous buff befitting the main character of a story. I bet the Goddess just loves these template plot points.</em></p>

      <p><em>But I’ve figured out your game.</em> The solution was really simple. I just had to beat Scorpius down before she got strong enough to match me.</p>

      <p>“This’ll hurt a little... Bear with it.”</p>

      <p>I cracked my knuckles and dashed forward. Then, having reached Scorpius, I dealt her a blow. I punched and launched her upwards. I followed her and put in a second blow. I punched her in midair and knocked her even farther upwards.</p>

      <p>Three, four, five blows!</p>

      <p>I unleashed a flurry of fists, pushing Scorpius’ giant body up above the clouds. I overtook Scorpius, reaching the edge of the stratosphere all at once before rapidly going back down! Helped along by gravity, I accelerated more and more, with fire sprouting up around me from the friction.</p>

      <p>Finally, I hit Scorpius, who was still flying ever upwards, with a Meteor Kick incorporated with Blunted-Sword Strike. The upward force of the previous blows + my falling speed + gravity + the height of Scorpius’ fall led to huge damage. Even Scorpius wouldn’t be able to withstand it.</p>

      <p>She fell quite a ways away from Blutgang, so instead of following her immediately, I went back to where everyone else was for a moment.</p>

      <p>There was no doubt that combo just now took away at least some of her ability to fight, but there was still a possibility that she would get back up and continue on.</p>

      <p>I had to somehow undo her mind control... And <em>she</em> was probably the only one who could do so.</p>

      <p>“Wha—?!” Dina shouted, surprised by the fact that I’d just picked her up by the nape of her neck. But I ignored her.</p>

      <p><em>Why the hell are you just sitting here watching like this is someone else’s fight? You even started snacking on dried fruits at some point. It’s like you don’t want to stand in the spotlight at all.</em></p>

      <p><em>So. I’ll give you a spotlight to stand in. You don’t get to refuse.</em></p>

      <p>“W-Wai— Wait, Miss Lufas?! S-So fast! My neck!!?”</p>

      <p>“You’ll be fine. This won’t even count as damage.”</p>

      <p>“That might be true, but come on! Can’t you at least carry me like a princess or the heroine in a light novel?!”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>I carried Dina over to where Scorpius had fallen.</p>

      <p>The landing sight was... <em>Yeah. I’m glad I dropped her away from Blutgang. </em>It was like a meteor had struck. The ground was cracked, and there was a ridiculously huge crater. Scorpius showed no signs of getting up. She only twitched every once in a while.</p>

      <p>“Karkinos has already said this, but Scorpius is in a similar state to what the Seven Heroes were put under two hundred years ago. Basically, it seems she’s being controlled by the Goddess. She probably did something to her.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, she does seem to be welling up with heavenly power.”</p>

      <p>“So now, it’s your turn to shine.”</p>

      <p>“You want me to undo the Goddess’ control?”</p>

      <p>“You can, right?”</p>

      <p>Dina looked around before replying hesitantly. “Well, sure, it’s possible... I have a similar skill, after all. ...If I do this, won’t the Goddess totally identify us as enemies from now on?”</p>

      <p>“Maybe.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, come on! Shouldn’t you have said something like, ‘Don’t worry, We will protect you,’ there, even if it was a lie?!”</p>

      <p>“Do—Not—Worry. We—Will—Protect—You.”</p>

      <p>“You didn’t mean that, did you?!”</p>

      <p>It seemed Dina was afraid of being deemed an enemy by the Goddess.</p>

      <p>But whether that was true or not...</p>

      <p>Judging from all the information I had so far, Dina shouldn’t be unrelated to the Goddess. They were aligned to the exact same elements, and Dina also had the ability to manipulate memories. Plus, Dina often made suspicious moves, as if she were just asking me to doubt her. More than anything, all the incidents that had happened so far had way too perfect timing. There was Aries’ invasion of Svel, Aigokeros appearing in Gjallarhorn, and Scorpius’ current assault on Blutgang. All of them happened while I was around, almost like they’d been waiting for me. On top of that, all three of those members of the Twelve Heavenly Stars had contact with the devilfolk, who’d had some control over their movements.</p>

      <p>So it was simple. Someone on the devilfolk’s side who knew what I was doing was controlling how the Twelve Heavenly Stars under their influence acted. And there was only one person like that.</p>

      <p>But the most decisive evidence was the fact that Dina was able to easily pass through Vanaheim’s barrier. Dina was never my subordinate. She had only self-proclaimed her position as my advisor. She hadn’t been around two hundred years ago, but she’d still managed to enter the forest along with me. She had passed through Parthenos’ barrier, which was only supposed to let allies inside. This meant that something about Dina had caused Parthenos to recognize her as an ally at the very least. And that made me recall Parthenos’ original title—“Maiden in Service to the Goddess.”</p>

      <p>Parthenos had originally served the Goddess. It wouldn’t be strange for her to at least subconsciously register the Goddess and those affiliated with her as allies. <em>Or she may still have faith deep in her heart...</em></p>

      <p>At any rate, Dina had been able to pass through the barrier, even though we weren’t real allies. So, at least in my headcanon, she was basically confirmed to have some sort of connection to the Goddess. Which meant that if my guess was correct, Dina would most likely not actually be marked as an enemy of the Goddess.</p>

      <p>In fact, Dina might even be the Goddess’ avatar, in the worst case.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. Fine. I’m just a newcomer with no sense of presence, after all. Even if I make the Goddess angry and get punished, I’m just gonna die alone anyway. Ahhh, why am I so pitiful?”</p>

      <p>“Okay, okay. If you were to actually anger the Goddess, We would protect you with all our power. So hurry up and do something about Scorpius.”</p>

      <p>“Really? It’s a promise, okay? A promise. You gotta protect me for real. Got it?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, of course. We will promise or do whatever you want.”</p>

      <p>As always, I wasn’t really sure if she was faking it or not. But I would have protected her even if I hadn’t promised. That was if Dina really was someone who could earn the anger of the Goddess...or in other words, someone unrelated to her.</p>

      <p>“Then please wait a little. This will take some time.”</p>

      <p>Dina walked over to where Scorpius was and stood in front of her giant face. Then, she silently stared at Scorpius.</p>

      <p><em>I see, so she uses her power by staring into a person’s eyes like that. ...Ahh, yeah. She’s done that several times before, hasn’t she?</em></p>

      <p>“Uhh, hm... Her control is pretty light. It’s mostly Scorpius’ desire to monopolize you that’s been forcefully amplified. It seems she’s normally a fairly conscientious yandere who would never touch a hair on her loved one’s head.”</p>

      <p>“Conscientious? A yandere? As if.”</p>

      <p>“What? It’s totally possible. It’s actually awful that there have been so many criminals waving around blades, disguising themselves as yanderes to make excuses for their violence. Originally, yanderes were people who liked someone so much they fell ill, not these crazy stalkers! Oh, and by the way, I hate men who think that tsunderes can say whatever they want because they’re tsunderes just as much.”</p>

      <p>“Why are you talking so much about something so silly? ...We never asked you for your preferences.”</p>

      <p>While I’d managed to learn what Dina liked in terms of light novels or manga, it wasn’t really worth knowing in the first place.</p>

      <h2>27</h2>

      <p>At pretty much the exact same time as the conclusion of Lufas and Scorpius’ fight, the battle inside Blutgang was also decided. Well, to be fair, the battle had been decided from the start. Technically, the fighting was just over. That was how large the gap between the two fighters, Aigokeros and Luna, was. The only reason Luna was able to drag the fight out this long was because of how persistent she was and the fact that she had the terrain advantage. But in the end, holding on was all it was. She never changed the inevitable outcome.</p>

      <p>Aigokeros had Luna’s slender body in his grasp, and the pained screams coming out of her echoed in the enclosed space.</p>

      <p>“Ah! AAAGGHHHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>“It is over, Luna of the Seven Luminaries, you foolish bug who dares defy my great master. Now then, what should I do with you? ...Should I tear off your arms? Rip off your legs? Disembowel you while you’re still alive? Or maybe all three?”</p>

      <p>Aigokeros’ true nature was that of a cruel demon who reveled in blood, fear, and death. Since he was so attracted to his master, Lufas, and her ideal of world unification, he normally hid his true personality. However, once it was out, there would be no mercy from him. He would kill his enemy. He would kill using any means available, and kill cruelly. He would kill the opponent, utterly humiliating them. Such was his instinct and his very reason for living.</p>

      <p><em>Come, weakling. Raise a scream of fear for me. Dye your expression with despair and repentance as you painfully welcome death.</em></p>

      <p>Aigokeros, the Ram of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, hadn’t been invited into the group because of his strength. It had been because he was dangerous. Lufas needed to manage and control him; otherwise Aigokeros would become a larger source of fear than the devilfolk as he reaped casualties amongst humanity. He had that potential. He naturally liked causing pain in others. He lived to create expressions of despair. He loved seeing puny and pathetic weaklings spout lines about bravery or hope and come at him, only to be brought to their knees. He loved seeing their warped faces streaked with tears and snot as they begged for their lives before dying.</p>

      <p>He’d loved that from birth. Aigokeros didn’t need any reason to prefer darkness. He didn’t need any sort of pompous reasoning to love death. He’d just been born that way and stayed that way.</p>

      <p>To him, death was beautiful and despair sweeter than any confection. That was exactly why Lufas had welcomed him into her fold in order to manage and keep tabs on him, as a demon who was far too dangerous.</p>

      <p>Most importantly, Aigokeros had the pride of someone truly infused with mana. And that only furthered his brutal nature towards the devilfolk.</p>

      <p>“Foolish false demon... How could you have thought that a created devil could fight a true demon?”</p>

      <p>“F-False...?!”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. You are nothing but a pet of divinity, a fake created to imitate demons.”</p>

      <p>“Wh-What do you...?!”</p>

      <p>Aigokeros was a genuine demon who was birthed in Helheim, so his understanding of mana and demons surpassed even Lufas. Another way of putting it was that he had a talent for sniffing out those who were like him. He understood. He knew what dense mana was like; that was why he obeyed Lufas without question. He instinctively understood how dense her mana was, and that made her a true demon. She deserved to rule over all those who lived in mana. And that talent was also why he realized the warped nature of the devilfolk. He instinctively knew that they were different.</p>

      <p><em>More than anything, I can feel that awful power from them. God’s power! Heaven’s power! Yes, these things aren’t true demons. They’re simply imitations made to be similar to us true demons, us true beings infused with mana. They’re simply failures—failures that imitate us in form!</em></p>

      <p>That was why Aigokeros hated them. He couldn’t stand the fact that they were proclaiming themselves as beings loved by mana by using a name that invoked hell.</p>

      <p>“Haven’t you ever felt any doubt? Haven’t you ever asked yourself why you devilfolk never leave a body behind after death?”</p>

      <p>“...! Th-That’s...because we break apart into mana after death...”</p>

      <p>“And why does that happen? Even us demons don’t do that. Why is it that you devilfolk disappear as if you’ve never existed in the first place? Do you truly not remember any phenomenon similar to that? Something that returns to mana after completing its mission? I believe you should all see this happening almost daily, no?”</p>

      <p>After Aigokeros went that far, Luna finally gasped in realization. <em>I know this. I know what mana forms and gives birth to before finishing what it’s made to do and returning to mana.</em> Luna knew exactly what he was talking about. “No...way......”</p>

      <p>“Exactly. The true form of you devilfolk is—”</p>

      <p>Aigokeros was about to give her the ultimate despair; he was about to reveal their true form. But just before he could give shape to the words, something happened. A blade flashed blue through the walls of Blutgang, and something flew towards Aigokeros while skillfully avoiding the buildings.</p>

      <p>While the sudden appearance had caught Aigokeros off guard, he wasn’t slow enough for it to have made a difference. When whatever it was attacked him, he easily dodged the blow. The one who’d released that blade flew down to the ground.</p>

      <p>The first blow had been a feint. It was something done to distract Aigokeros while the figure touched down and hid among the buildings to disguise their approach.</p>

      <p>Once again, a blue flash from a sword shined, and this time, it severed Aigokeros’ arm. The figure retrieved Luna, who’d been caught in that arm, in a princess carry and landed.</p>

      <p>“Wh—... You are...!”</p>

      <p>The arm that was severed was only solidified mana, so Aigokeros himself was unhurt. But even though it wasn’t real, severing it was still a difficult feat for most, speaking to the attacker’s high level.</p>

      <p>The figure had short-cut, deep-blue hair. His pure-white mantle fluttered in the breeze, and he was covered in similar pure-white armor. His skin was a faint orange color and looked similar to a human’s, while his eyes were a deep crimson. No fangs protruded from his mouth, but the mana that swelled out of him said that he was a devilfolk.</p>

      <p>“You’re the Devil King’s son, Terra!”</p>

      <p>“And you must be Aigokeros. You’ve caused my subordinate here quite a bit of pain, haven’t you?”</p>

      <p>The most dangerous of the devilfolk was the Devil King. That fact would never be overturned. But after him was another being who even the Twelve Heavenly Stars had to be careful of. This was the Devil King’s son and master of the Seven Luminaries...Terra.</p>

      <p>Aigokeros had met the man several times while he’d been siding with the devilfolk. But Terra’s strength was still unknown to Aigokeros. He’d never seen Terra fight seriously. On top of that, Terra’s appearance was strange. The devilfolk usually had either blue or green skin with either black or white eyes. That was a trait shared amongst all of them. But Terra looked almost human. It was too strange.</p>

      <p>“L-Lord Terra...”</p>

      <p>“My word. How many times have I told you not to push yourself too far?”</p>

      <p>“...My...apologies.”</p>

      <p>“Stop making me worry so much... I’m truly glad I made it in time.”</p>

      <p>With Terra still holding on to Luna, the two of them met gazes, and the world seemed to fade away until it was just the two of them.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>