<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_7">
    <div class="main">
      <p>That was when Aigokeros, not caring, attacked. Terra dodged, his movements even looking elegant, and switched to a different roof.</p>

      <p>No one would think that Terra’s side was the devilfolk just looking at the scene. On one side, there was a giant demon. On the other, a freed girl and her knightly savior. It was very unclear which side was evil.</p>

      <p>“Hmph, perfect. I will offer you as a sacrifice to my master as well.”</p>

      <p>“If I’m being honest, I’m so furious with you my insides are boiling over. But I have no time to face off with you right now. Sorry, but we’ll be taking our leave.”</p>

      <p>Terra was confident he could win against Aigokeros one-on-one. And that wasn’t just some groundless confidence like with Mars of the Seven Luminaries. It was based on proper observation and knowledge of his own abilities.</p>

      <p>But Lufas Maphaahl was present as well. If the Black-Winged Angel of Death joined in with the Ram, the Goat, and the Scales of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, even Terra wouldn’t stand a chance.</p>

      <p><em>Well,</em> Terra thought, <em>with Lufas weakened, I might actually be able to beat her one-on-one...</em></p>

      <p>“Do you think I’ll just let you leave?”</p>

      <p>“I do.”</p>

      <p>While still carrying Luna, Terra leaped towards the wall. He swung his one-handed sword and managed to cut open a hole in Blutgang’s sturdy wall. It wasn’t big enough to destroy Blutgang, but it was big enough to let one or two people through. It was enough for an escape, basically.</p>

      <p>Terra went through the gap and escaped Blutgang. In that instant, he locked eyes with a black-winged girl.</p>

      <p>“......”</p>

      <p>“—”</p>

      <p>Neither of them said anything. Their interaction only lasted an instant, so there was no time for any other reaction. Just like that, the two broke eye contact, and Terra left.</p>

      <p><em>I can’t get the measure of her, </em>Terra thought, reinforcing his opinions.</p>

      <p>Terra had heard from his father that the current Lufas had been meddled with and couldn’t exhibit her full power. <em>But even so, she’s like that? She’s still that strong after having over half her power taken away? The instant we met each other’s gazes was enough for me to hallucinate that I’d be eaten.</em></p>

      <p>To Terra, Lufas exuded that much power. Terra’s belief turned into conviction; the current stance of letting people other than his father fight her was a complete mistake. A thought crossed Terra’s mind. <em>We need to change our stance quickly. And I need to figure out her intentions, since </em>she<em> keeps maneuvering the Seven Luminaries and Twelve Heavenly Stars to bump into her.</em></p>

      <p>“Luna.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes!”</p>

      <p>“Right now, the Seven Luminaries—no, all the devilfolk—are being controlled by someone. My father knows and isn’t doing anything about it. In fact, he’s being quite cooperative. And Sol has basically been turned into a complete puppet. So at the moment, there are almost no devilfolk whom I can trust.”</p>

      <p>Terra continued to kick off empty air as he held onto Luna. Whenever he did, he accelerated, and the scenery went by blindingly fast.</p>

      <p>“You are one of the very few I can trust. Please, don’t fruitlessly die in battle. I need you.”</p>

      <p>“L-Lord Terra...”</p>

      <p>Terra’s words were probably only meant for her as a subordinate. Luna knew that. But even so, she couldn’t stop herself from thinking there might be a hidden meaning. In fact, she wanted there to be one. Luna wanted to believe that Terra needed her outside of their relationship as leader and subordinate.</p>

      <p>Luna shook her head as if to free herself from her train of thought.</p>

      <p>“What are you doing?”</p>

      <p>“N-Nothing!”</p>

      <p>Her superior’s words, spoken with no knowledge of how she felt, were just the smallest bit infuriating to Luna.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p><em>Who the hell was that hot bastard?</em></p>

      <p>I had to process what just happened after seeing off the really good-looking guy who’d suddenly burst out of Blutgang’s wall.</p>

      <p><em>How should I put it...? It’s like I instinctively recognized that he was an enemy to all men everywhere with his ridiculously handsome face and pure-white matching armor and mantle. Like, what the hell is with that look? It’s like you’re screaming, “I’m the main character!” Don’t you know that the main character of this world’s the hero?!</em></p>

      <p>On top of that, he had a devilfolk-looking girl in his arms in a princess carry. <em>Go explode and die.</em></p>

      <p>“Did you see that, Lufas? That’s how you should be carrying a heroine! Flying while carrying a girl by the nape of her neck is just outrageous!”</p>

      <p>“No, that would make us the villain then... Oh wait, We are. So, just who was that?” I asked Dina, who was still bothered by how I’d carried her, about that hot bastard.</p>

      <p>He’d been carrying someone who looked like a devilfolk, so he was probably with them. So I figured it would be best to ask Dina, who was a double agent.</p>

      <p>“Oh. He’s the Devil King’s son. So he’s the prince of the devilfolk.”</p>

      <p>“So it’s actually possible to be both really good-looking and a prince...”</p>

      <p>“He’d definitely be a capture target in an otome game.”</p>

      <p>“Never played one.”</p>

      <p>Unfortunately, I was squarely in the action RPG and fighting games camp. I wasn’t too fond of the adventure or dating game genres. <em>I mean, aren’t those games basically just a light novel with a save and load function? So wouldn’t it be better to just buy a book? Why do I have to buy an expensive PC or gaming system just to read a light novel?</em></p>

      <p>“...You really don’t act like a girl at all, Lufas...”</p>

      <p>“Of course. We are a man inside, after all.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Dina seemed shocked after hearing what I’d said, and she proceeded to stare straight at me.</p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p><em>Hm? Did I say something weird?</em></p>

      <p>“Huh? What? Um...Lufas, does that mean that the player inside you is...a man? ...Now that I think about it, you’ve been really indifferent about a lot of things that would only be natural for a girl...”</p>

      <p>“Did We never tell you?”</p>

      <p>“No, you didn’t! This is the first I’m hearing of it!”</p>

      <p>“Ahh... You might be right. Well, don’t worry about it too much. Ever since We started inhabiting this body, our lust has disappeared somewhere and has yet to return. So We don’t feel anything looking at a woman’s skin or anything.”</p>

      <p>“Why is that still frustrating?!”</p>

      <p>I left Dina to flail about on her own as I walked towards Virgo.</p>

      <p><em>They’re probably done inside Blutgang, too. I should praise Libra and the others for their work later.</em></p>

      <h2>28</h2>

      <p>The devilfolk’s castle was located outside of the sphere of humanity—a place commonly referred to as the Dark Continent. It was a place ruled by devilfolk. Its exact position was unknown, but it wasn’t anywhere close enough that monsters tamed by humanity could attack it. That went both ways. The devilfolk couldn’t easily attack out of it, either, except for the fact that they could teleport.</p>

      <p>More precisely, the Devil King and Venus, one of the members of the Seven Luminaries, could teleport. And they used that to cut travel times by a great deal. Terra could only get places through his father’s Exgate, though, since he didn’t trust Venus.</p>

      <p>Terra’s suspicion was never wiped away. In fact, these last few days it’d only gotten stronger. No, not just stronger. Terra’s suspicion had grown into conviction. He knew that Venus was not an ally of the devilfolk.</p>

      <p>“Venus! Is Venus here?!” Terra shouted.</p>

      <p>Venus was elusive. If you called her, she’d pop up out of nowhere, even if you didn’t think she was around. Terra continued shouting for her for a few minutes. A tear opened in empty space, and a blonde girl popped out of it, landing lightly in front of Terra.</p>

      <p>“Did you call for me, Lord Terra?”</p>

      <p>“I have something I want to ask you.”</p>

      <p>“As you wish.”</p>

      <p>Venus’ origins were a mystery among the devilfolk. She was simply a beautiful girl that Sol, the de facto leader of the Seven Luminaries, brought in one day. Naturally, since the devilfolk are formed fully grown, unlike most living creatures, her origins weren’t questioned at all. She may have had skin and eyes that were different than most devilfolk, but Terra was the same, so she was easily accepted. Most importantly, the Devil King himself approved of her, so others lost the ability to interject. By the time anyone noticed, she’d completely blended in.</p>

      <p><em>But no matter how much I think about it, this girl is strange,</em> Terra thought.<em> </em>After all, Venus could use Exgate, an ancient technique said to only be possible by being able to use both magic and heaven-arts at the same time. The devilfolk were incarnations of mana. So there was no way for them to use heaven-arts. The only one who was able to do so was the Devil King himself.</p>

      <p><em>My father most likely knows this girl’s true identity, as well as her goal. </em>However, Terra was sure that while her goal may benefit his father, it wouldn’t benefit the devilfolk. Terra didn’t know what his father wanted. And he didn’t want to doubt the man. But Terra could cleanly declare that allowing Venus to do as she pleased was a mistake.</p>

      <p>“Then here is my first question. You told Mars of Aries and used his ambition to make him go wild, didn’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Oh my, ‘used’? How horrid. I simply informed him of an easy method to bring down that annoyance of a country, Svel. Well, it failed due to the unexpected appearance of Lufas Maphaahl... But I don’t think it’s fair to expect me to have predicted that.” Venus smiled calmly.</p>

      <p>Terra averted his gaze from the girl, who was giving him a sidelong, flirtatious look, and went back to his questions. He knew that there was one thing you must never do when talking to her, and that was to look into her eyes. If a person were to look into her eyes, they’d start thinking things they’d normally never consider. Their will was pulled away from them. Once they’d calmed down afterwards, they’d finally realize how strange they’d been acting.</p>

      <p>Terra was aware that Venus was most likely trying something while they were talking.</p>

      <p>“Second: you told Jupiter of the embers waiting to be stoked in Gjallarhorn and guided him into taking Aigokeros as well, didn’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I did. Unfortunately, that one also ended in failure. Ah, that was a case of a schemer being caught by her own schemes. Remembering my smug face as I saw him off is so embarrassing. I’ve learned from that experience. Totally.”</p>

      <p><em>You’re so damn shameless. </em>Terra couldn’t stop himself from clenching his fist as the blood rushed to his head. But he calmed down when Luna, who was by his side, grasped his fist.</p>

      <p><em>Right. I can’t get worked up. Getting swept up in anger in front of her is like committing suicide.</em></p>

      <p>“Third... You tempted Scorpius into attacking Blutgang in concert with Luna’s infiltration, didn’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I wanted to support Luna, since she was working so hard.”</p>

      <p>“You fool... In what world is making an infiltration mission so showy helping? That’s like screaming out to the world that someone has infiltrated.”</p>

      <p>Luna’s mission was originally to infiltrate with only a few attendants. It was far from something that would require that many devilfolk or Scorpius to accompany them. She was supposed to have secretly infiltrated Blutgang, famed for its solid defenses, and assassinated the leadership. That was the original plan.</p>

      <p>But Venus was the one who completely ruined that plan. She tempted Luna, asking if it was really okay to just leave it at that and used her wanting to be acknowledged by Terra to add to and change the original mission. She added Scorpius to attack from the front and put Blutgang on a war footing. Then she added too many meaningless devilfolk reinforcements and transformed the mission into a huge operation. As a result, Aigokeros had noticed and confronted Luna, and Lufas Maphaahl had even appeared outside and captured Scorpius. The operation had turned into a huge failure.</p>

      <p>The saying, “With friends like these, who needs enemies,” was very appropriate here. Of course plans would fail one after another with an ally who weighed them down this heavily.</p>

      <p>“No... It’s strange that Lufas Maphaahl was summoned in the hero-summoning ritual in the first place. Was that something you did? Only you or my father could interfere with an Exgate like that.”</p>

      <p>“......”</p>

      <p>“Then, you continued to guide Lufas down the path you wanted and had her clash with my father in Laevateinn. And there’s my father’s sudden expedition, too... Was that an idea you gave him as well?”</p>

      <p>Right now, the Devil King wasn’t in the castle. Several days ago, or rather, right after he’d fought Lufas, he took some subordinates and went off on an expedition somewhere. And the subordinates he’d taken weren’t devilfolk, either. They were an elite force consisting of monsters he’d captured and raised using his powers as a Monster Tamer. From the fact that he took them it was plain to see what that meant for the rest of the devilfolk, too.</p>

      <p>But Venus’ expression never wavered in front of Terra’s interrogation. Her smile simply got a mite deeper as she boldly continued to answer.</p>

      <p>“I’ll answer your last question. —Yes, it is as you say. I organized that fight. His Excellency wished for it.”</p>

      <p>Terra narrowed his eyes and quickly put his hand to his sword’s hilt. In a single movement, he drew the sword and swung with godlike speed, aiming for Venus’ neck. Luna couldn’t even see the sword’s blade; it only looked like a flash of light. But even then, Venus didn’t flinch.</p>

      <p>“You. Just what are you planning? What are you trying to achieve by using us?!”</p>

      <p>“Hmmm... I suppose he wouldn’t mind if I told you. His Excellency does care about you specifically, and I don’t want to make an enemy of him. But.” Venus paused and looked pointedly at Luna. “Unfortunately, I will not talk in front of her.”</p>

      <p>“Luna is the only subordinate I can trust. There is no problem. Speak.”</p>

      <p>“I cannot. The problem isn’t whether she is trustworthy or not,” Venus said, and a tear opened up behind Luna.</p>

      <p>Her aim was obvious. She was threatening Terra, implying that if he were to actually attack her she would then take Luna to the grave as well.</p>

      <p>The Seven Luminaries were basically of the same standing, but Venus was the only one who didn’t fit into that structure. Terra couldn’t get a read on Venus, and in order to stand against her, Luna was a chip that was too precious and couldn’t be substituted.</p>

      <p>Terra grit his teeth as he lowered his sword. When he did, the tear closed as well.</p>

      <p>“J-Just what is wrong with me?! Why am I no good?!”</p>

      <p>“Because you’re nothing but an NPC, you sad little puppet.”</p>

      <p>“What? N...NPC? Pup...pet? Me?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. A poor, poor puppet that doesn’t even realize she is one. You aren’t even aware of the fact that you are just a toy. Just as — was, until meeting that person.”</p>

      <p>Venus spoke that last sentence softly. It was hard to hear exactly what she said, but Luna still knew that it was humiliating.</p>

      <p>Terra’s expression clouded with anger, and he glared sharply at Venus. “Venus, using my authority, I relieve you of your position in the Seven Luminaries starting today. Don’t think you’ll be able to do as you please anymore.”</p>

      <p>“...My, that was sooner than I thought it’d be, but I suppose it was just a matter of time. Luckily, all the Twelve Heavenly Stars who were here have been retrieved, so I guess it’s all right.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“I’m saying that I’ve gotten tired of acting.”</p>

      <p>Venus laughed scornfully, and her hair billowed with the motion. At the same time, several tears opened up, surrounding Terra and Luna. Venus stuck her hand into a tear that opened up by her side at the same time as the others and continuously fired magic.</p>

      <p>The magic came out through the tears surrounding Terra and Luna, assaulting the two of them all at once.</p>

      <p>“You?!”</p>

      <p>“Well then, it was nice knowing the two of you. Let us meet again, as enemies next time. Please give my farewells to His Excellency.”</p>

      <p>Venus—no, Dina—jumped through a tear in space and escaped. As soon as she did so, a golden light was unleashed from all the tears surrounding Terra and Luna at once.</p>

      <p>This attack would amount to nothing more than some light damage for Terra, but it would be fatal for Luna. Terra quickly reacted and took Luna into his embrace, using his own body to shield her from the attack.</p>

      <p>Venus’ attack wasn’t meant to kill either of them in the first place. She’d just used the fact that Luna would be a burden to make sure that Terra couldn’t move while she escaped.</p>

      <p>The attack stopped, and the first thing Terra did was make sure that Luna was safe and sound in his arms. Next, he looked around for Venus, but she was already gone.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“—and that’s how I got fired from the Seven Luminaries.”</p>

      <p>“What the hell?”</p>

      <p>After the fight with Scorpius ended, Dina suddenly said, “I’m being called,” and disappeared for a few minutes. Once she came back, the first thing out of her mouth was that she’d gone too far and the Devil King’s son had seen through all her deeds, so she got fired.</p>

      <p>Apparently the son had asked, “You did all that, right?” Instead of denying it, she’d taken responsibility for all his accusations with a smug face like a big shot and gotten fired for it.</p>

      <p><em>Is she an idiot?</em></p>

      <p>“Well, I kind of panicked. Or you could say that I was desperate? I was acting like I wasn’t bothered, but that situation was actually really bad. Lord Terra— Oh, I guess I don’t need the ‘lord’ anymore. Anyway, Terra’s level 1000, just like me, and his stats are weirdly high. He’s treated as a boss. He’s got more HP than you. Well, I still think you’d win if you two fought, but it’d be impossible for me. I’d be wrecked. And then I’d be caught, tied up, and made to do things that can only appear in a doujinshi! I know it!”</p>

      <p>“No, he didn’t seem like the type to do something like that.”</p>

      <p>“You’re too naive! All men are wolves! They’re wild beasts! All the straight-laced ones like that are just putting up a front, and they actually imagine all sorts of things. He’s totally jerked one out to Luna. Totally!”</p>

      <p>“Hey, stop that. You’re getting into dangerous territory there!”</p>

      <p>Dina was steering the conversation to some strange places, so I gave her a light, verbal jab to stop her.</p>

      <p><em>That sort of stuff is private for men. Don’t just casually bring that up in conversation!</em></p>

      <p><em>Well, it is true that he definitely didn’t think of her as just a subordinate, judging from the way he princess carried her like she was a fragile treasure. It’s probably a crush. I bet the son likes that Luna girl. That’s not a bad thing. And in a sense, a man using the girl he likes as...material...is healthy behavior. But it definitely destroys his hot main character outer-image. That’s exactly why not probing into these subjects is just an unspoken rule between men.</em></p>

      <p><em>Though I still think handsome guys like that should just explode.</em></p>

      <p>“Anyway, you were saying that you could no longer act as a double agent?”</p>

      <p>“Well, I did get banned from the castle.”</p>

      <p><em>I’ve been relying quite a bit on Dina’s double agent activities to gather info from the devilfolk, but I guess that’s not an option now. But now that I think about it, she’s never actually told us what the devilfolk were doing, so I guess that doesn’t change much.</em></p>

      <p><em>Huh? Is it just me or has my double agent been completely useless?</em></p>

      <p>“So, what will you do now?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm... For now We will try to repair those three mass-produced Libras. As for the one that got turned into scrap... Well, its parts should be usable as materials, so let’s retrieve it and go back to Blutgang.”</p>

      <p>There was nothing I could do about the Libra that’d been broken to pieces, but I could repair the one that was only halfway to completely broken. The only problem would be if they decided I was an enemy and attacked me. I was confident I could easily win against three half-broken, lesser Libras that didn’t even have Brachium, but I wanted to avoid having to destroy them, since that would cause Blutgang as a whole to treat me as an enemy.</p>

      <p>I was still sunk in thought about that when I spotted one of the Libras that had taken relatively less damage walking towards me.</p>

      <p><em>Hm? She doesn’t seem to have a weapon ready, so I don’t think she’s going to try to fight...</em></p>

      <p>“—Comparing Data... Matched. You are Miss Lufas Maphaahl, yes? We have been awaiting your arrival. Please make your way to Blutgang’s royal floor. Our master awaits you.”</p>

      <p><em>Hm. Master, huh?</em></p>

      <p>The only people these golems would call master would be their creator or their current owner. And Mizar was dead, so that naturally narrowed it down to their current owner.</p>

      <p><em>It’s got to be one of Blutgang’s royalty, </em>I concluded, so I threw out a question for confirmation.</p>

      <p>“Is this master Blutgang’s king?”</p>

      <p>“No, it is someone you know well...our creator, the Blacksmith King Mizar.”</p>

      <p><em>Wha—? ...Wait. He’s dead, right? </em>I thought, but I couldn’t put that into words.</p>

      <p><em>That’s impossible.</em></p>

      <p><em>Huh? Wait a second... She’s lying, right? Is Mizar seriously alive?</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>