<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Thank you for picking up volume 6 of <em>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles</em>. To all my returning readers, it’s been too long. Did you enjoy this volume? If it made your left eye twinge uncontrollably, congratulations. You, too, are a bearer of the Baldick. I hope you find your way to an otherworld of your own.</p>

      <p>More to the point, this volume is something of a bridge to the next arc of the story. It really comes out swinging, the front cover included. Now that the stage is set, I feel like I can finally tell the story I really wanted to tell. The plan for the next volume onward is to weave in episodes from Hiro’s past, expand the narrative across multiple perspectives, and ramp the chuuni up yet another gear, so I want to handle it with care. Liz is also going to put on her heroine shoes and take another step toward becoming worthy of the throne, although with many characters plotting schemes of their own, that’s going to be easier said than done.</p>

      <p>Oh, and one more thing. To bring it back, I want to say a little bit about one of the new characters introduced in this volume: Lucia. I see her as the kind of raunchy character that splits opinion—some people like her, others will hate her. I’m a fan, by the way. Underboob and all. So, while I’m sure she doesn’t need the help, I’d like to say a magic spell to boost her popularity:</p>

      <p>Lucia does not wear underwear. I repeat, she’s going commando. If you can tear your gaze away from her underboob, you’ll realize the shocking truth: she’s covering herself with a snake decoration and nothing else.</p>

      <p>You didn’t just sneak a peek at the front cover, did you? Did you just think to yourself, “no way”? Because that’s exactly what I did when Ruria Miyuki-san told me (:D).</p>

      <p>Anyway, I’d better get to the thank-yous.</p>

      <p>To Ruria Miyuki-sama, your artwork never fails to exceed my expectations. It’s a feast for the eyes and a balm for the soul. I’m eternally grateful for everything you do.</p>

      <p>To my editor, S-sama, I’m truly sorry for all the trouble I cause you with every volume. I’m sure this won’t be the last time I inconvenience you, but I hope you’ll continue to support my efforts.</p>

      <p>To my editor, I-sama—thank you for your help on this volume and beyond. I hope you can find it in your heart to overlook my shortcomings, and I look forward to working with you again.</p>

      <p>To everyone in the editing department, the proofreaders, the designers, and everybody else who helped make this book a reality, these pages would not exist without you. I look forward to working with you again.</p>

      <p>And last but not least, a heartfelt thank you to everybody who has kept up with this series. I could never have made it this far without your support. I’m truly, truly grateful.</p>

      <p>I’m going to keep the chuuni rays on full blast over here, so I hope you’ll stick around.</p>

      <p>Goodbye for now. I hope we meet again soon.</p>

      <p class="signature">奉 (Tatematsuri)</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>