<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>Celia Estrella Elizabeth von Grantz</h2>

      <p>Ever since she was little, she had dreamed of being a warrior. Her mother was a woman of great courage, her father said, and would probably have made High General had she been born a man. Yet by the time Liz was any more than a baby, she no longer had a mother at all. Her siblings did, but not her.</p>

      <p>She wished. She begged. Night after night, she wept, desperately wondering why that was so. So there was a certain irony in the fact that when her father finally told her about the woman her mother had been, she set her heart on following in her footsteps. The elder sister responsible for her education warned her that it would not be an easy road for a woman to walk, but she would not be dissuaded. Every day, she watched the grown-ups training and tried to copy what they did. She wanted to be somebody who could bring a smile to the faces of all the people in the land, like a hero from the old stories.</p>

      <p><em>Mother... What will it take for me to get stronger?</em></p>

      <p>The image of a mother whose face she couldn’t even remember passed through Liz’s mind as she gazed up at the sky. More specifically, her attention was fixed on the towering statue of one of the Twelve Divines. Nobody imperial-born could fail to recognize the legendary commander that was the War God—the second emperor and the Hero King of Twinned Black.</p>

      <p><em>I just keep falling short. I want to be better, but I don’t know how...</em></p>

      <p>Physical training alone would not lead to strength. Realizing that she needed wisdom too, she had appealed to Rosa and Aura for help and now spent her days immersed in study. Still, time was in short supply. She could feel her goal growing closer with every step she took, but the distance left to traverse remained dizzyingly vast.</p>

      <p><em>It’s so far away...but that doesn’t mean I’m going to give up.</em></p>

      <p>She was stubborn, if nothing else. She prided herself on being able to best anyone in tenacity.</p>

      <p>Even so, she was not immune from wanting to vent her frustrations from time to time. On days like that, she came to gaze at the statue of the War God. On the deserted boulevard, against the backdrop of the night sky, she let her mind fill with thoughts of the empire’s founder. Perhaps she was only averting her eyes from reality, but as shallow as the act was, it did help her feel a little stronger.</p>

      <p>“Please, mother...lend me your strength.”</p>

      <p>The letter was her mother’s only keepsake. It had grown faded over the years, dog-eared and torn from repeated readings, covered in tear-tracks from Liz’s younger years. As she read by the light of the moon, her heart grew a little warmer in her chest.</p>

      <p>“I’m all right now. I can keep going.”</p>

      <p>The letter was twelve pages in all—short enough to read through in a few minutes. Yet while others might think it brief, to Liz, it was enough for a lifetime.</p>

      <p>“Goodbye for now.”</p>

      <p>Her voice rose to the clear night sky, where the stars twinkled brilliantly. Her gaze lingered on them for a moment, and then she turned on her heel and walked back to her horse. She meant to return to the palace. Instead, she stopped. There stood a black-haired boy with the moon at his back.</p>

      <p>“Hiro?”</p>

      <p>“I was out for a walk when I saw your horse. I thought we could go back together.” He scratched his cheek bashfully as he approached, reins in hand.</p>

      <p>Liz stepped up to him with a smile. “Why don’t we walk?”</p>

      <p>He couldn’t ride, as she knew very well. She could have let him share her saddle, but they had been so preoccupied in recent days that they hadn’t had a chance to talk, so why waste the opportunity? She was no stranger to the importance of deepening a bond through mundane conversations and frivolous words.</p>

      <p>“Maybe we should. The stars are beautiful tonight.”</p>

      <p>With a faint smile, Hiro looked up at the night sky. The stars held his gaze for a long moment. He seemed to find as much comfort in them as Liz did. Yet in profile, his face was tinged with loneliness and seemed so frail that he might disappear at any moment.</p>

      <p>When would he tell her the truth? When would he reveal his real identity and his real past? It was silly, this act she put on, where she pretended that she suspected nothing. But she was prepared to wait until he was ready. For now, she would simply stay by his side. For now, that was enough. She might not yet be reliable enough for him to lean on, but that would change in time, or so she hoped.</p>

      <p><em>And what then? Will he tell me everything then?</em></p>

      <p>She would watch, and she would wait, believing the day would come that he revealed what truly lay in his heart. And in the meantime, she would hold fast to words unspoken and feelings unshared, like a canopy of stars glimmering in the night sky.</p>

      <h2>Celia Rey Sinmara von Grantz</h2>

      <p>How many days had passed since the black-haired boy had been summoned to Aletia? His coming had certainly brought about great change. New color had suffused the world, transforming it into a vibrant tapestry that scored its hues into her heart. She was grateful, truly. She would never forget the debt she owed. Meeting him had filled her days with light, signaling the start of a golden age.</p>

      <p>“Your Grace?” came a voice.</p>

      <p>Rey turned from the window. A woman knelt on one knee in the center of the room.</p>

      <p>“Have I done something wrong?” the woman—Meteia—asked hesitantly, as though trying to gauge her mood.</p>

      <p>“Forgive me. My attention was elsewhere... Is something the matter?”</p>

      <p>“Erm... High General Schwartz has returned from his southern campaign. His Majesty wished to know if you desired to be present at his reception.”</p>

      <p>“I would love to. Tell Artheus— I mean, tell His Majesty that I will gladly attend.”</p>

      <p>“As you wish, Your Grace.”</p>

      <p>Rey let slip an involuntary giggle as Meteia bowed her head.</p>

      <p>“Have I committed some rudeness, Your Grace?” Meteia cocked her head suspiciously. “Or is there perhaps something on my face?”</p>

      <p>“No, I’m terribly sorry. It’s nothing you did. It’s just, to think the day would come when I would hear Hiro called a high general...” Rey covered her mouth with the back of her hand, trying in vain to suppress her laughter.</p>

      <p>“I see... His face <em>is</em> amusing, it’s true, although he’s maybe grown a little more manly of late— Ahem! Not that <em>I</em> think that, obviously! It’s just something I heard the people whispering. I would never... Oh, that’s right! Did you know that they’ve taken to calling him a hero? You should have seen how he puffed up when he heard. I ought to have landed a punch on that ridiculous face right there and then!”</p>

      <p>A litany of expressions crossed Meteia’s face as her mouth ran away with her. She had served Rey since childhood, so Rey could tell that meeting Hiro had softened her hard edges. Everything was changing. Everyone he touched began to show emotions they had never before displayed. Even Artheus’s cold exterior had mellowed, and he had learned to care for others. Rey herself was no exception.</p>

      <p>“How many years has it been since he came to this world?”</p>

      <p>How many years indeed. Much had happened since. Their situation was still dire, but Hiro was no longer quite as hard-pressed as he had been then.</p>

      <p>“Erm...I’m not certain I could tell you. He never ages.”</p>

      <p>“We can hardly fault him for that. After what he did for us...” That was a debt that no apology could satisfy. Rey smiled ruefully to herself before shaking her head and expelling a sigh. “I must change before he arrives. Would you help me?”</p>

      <p>She tried to raise herself from the bed, only to find that she couldn’t. Her limbs were not strong enough. A shadow fell over her shapely features.</p>

      <p>“Allow me, Your Grace.” Meteia’s eyes glimmered with unfallen tears as she extended a hand.</p>

      <p>With a small smile, Rey took it in her own trembling fingers. “Thank you. These days, I fear I can hardly stand unaided.”</p>

      <p>“Shall I tell Lord Hiro to call on you here?”</p>

      <p>“I would prefer not. Seeing me like this would only hurt him.”</p>

      <p>“Surely not! Your Grace, he’s your—”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I suppose he is. But still, I don’t want to make him go out of his way.”</p>

      <p>In truth, she knew that Hiro would come to her chambers without a word of complaint, but with so much time having passed since seeing one another last, she wanted to greet him in good health. Pain was the last thing she wanted to see on his face.</p>

      <p>Rey seated herself on the edge of the bed and cast a glance over her shoulder. “Could you open the window?”</p>

      <p>“At once, Your Grace!” Meteia half-ran to the window and opened it wide. A gentle gust of wind rolled into the room.</p>

      <p>“What a pleasant breeze. Spirit King himself is welcoming Hiro home.”</p>

      <p>“Do you think so? Would he really...” Meteia cut herself off. “Well, we’re lucky it’s sunny, I suppose.”</p>

      <p>With a giggle at her servant’s recalcitrance, Rey turned to look out of the window once more. How many more times would they see one another’s faces? How many more words would they exchange? How much laughter would they share in the limited time they had left?</p>

      <p>The end was bound to come, and soon, but the brilliance of her feelings would never fade. The miracle of their meeting in this cruel world was a good that she could never deny. These memories would remain forever within her breast, warming her heart from within.</p>

      <p>“The years may pass, and the seasons may turn, but I will wait forever, until you come back to me.”</p>

      <p>As sunlight streamed in through the window, a soft smile spread across her face.</p>

      <h2>Treya Verdan Aura von Bunadala</h2>

      <p>When had she first set her heart on becoming a hero? At first, it was nothing more than a fascination. However, as time passed and reality came into focus, it coalesced into a concrete goal.</p>

      <p>Aura stared at the cover of the Black Chronicle. Her father had bought it for her when she was young, and it had accompanied her ever since, like an old, familiar friend. Not a day passed when she didn’t read it.</p>

      <p>“Aura?” asked a young girl’s lispy voice. “What are you doing?”</p>

      <p>Aura looked up from where she was sitting in the shade of the tree. “Reading a book.”</p>

      <p>“A picture book?” The girl’s eyes sparkled. She leaned over, gazing at the Black Chronicle with anticipation.</p>

      <p>Aura cocked her head and thought. How was she going to explain this? “No. A strategy book.”</p>

      <p>“A stra-te-gy book? What’s that?”</p>

      <p>“It’s like a textbook. For winning wars.”</p>

      <p>“Wow... Does that mean you’re going to be important again?”</p>

      <p>Aura’s expression grew conflicted. Her humiliation during the battle with the Faerzen Resistance had stopped her career dead. She had been stripped of command of the Knights of the Royal Black, and her former subordinates had deserted her. Even the men who had once looked after the orphanage in the capital were gone; its security was now managed by Hiro’s Crow Legion.</p>

      <p>She didn’t regret changing camps from the western to the eastern nobles. If differing allegiances had led her to face Hiro and Liz on the field, it would have been too painful to bear. From that torment, at least, she had been spared. Still, she prayed for her former subordinates’ safety, and she worried constantly whether they had lost standing or even gotten hurt without her leadership. Third Prince Brutahl had earned her gratitude as well. As ruthlessly pragmatic as he could be, he had seen her off pleasantly where he could have made her life very difficult. Indeed, he had done a great deal to ease her passage. She owed him more than she could ever repay.</p>

      <p>“Aura?” The girl leaned close and peered into her eyes.</p>

      <p>Aura laid a hand on the girl’s head. “I haven’t given up yet.”</p>

      <p>Children like this were orphaned all over the world, every day. Aura wasn’t presumptuous enough to believe she could end war entirely, but she aspired to reduce the number of victims it claimed. That, she considered her role, as hypocritical as it might seem to some. Her career might have stalled for now, but if she could prove herself, she could once more return to a position where she could make a difference. The more powerful the empire grew, the greater the disincentive it would present, and in time, conflict would die out.</p>

      <p>“I’ll be more important than ever.”</p>

      <p>She would keep on fighting for a world where orphans like this girl could live in peace.</p>

      <p>“Okay.” The girl looked down. “But you won’t get hurt, right?”</p>

      <p>“I can’t say for sure.”</p>

      <p>That wasn’t a promise Aura could make lightly. She had chosen a life on the battlefield, where monsters lurked and demons stalked. The tide could turn against her at any moment. She could not give her word as she might have liked. However, she had no intention of rolling over and dying. During the Faerzen conflict, she had sworn that she would endure any disgrace to survive. She would pursue her dream, even if it meant swallowing her pride.</p>

      <p>“Where’s Hiro?”</p>

      <p>Aura smiled ruefully. “I’ll bring him another day.”</p>

      <p>“Tell him to bring loads of candy!”</p>

      <p>“I will.” Aura tousled the girl’s hair and looked up at the sky.</p>

      <p><em>I wonder what he’s really after.</em></p>

      <p>As ever, the sun shone brilliantly in the clear, blue firmament, indifferent to the lives below as it bathed the land in light.</p>

      <p>“Now that I think about it...”</p>

      <p>Just when, she wondered, had he become what she was striving toward?</p>

      <h2>Culann Scáthach du Faerzen</h2>

      <p>How long had passed since that day? Since that waking nightmare that she could scarcely bring herself to remember? As soon as word came of her country’s fall, she hastened back to the royal capital only to find it razed to the ground. Her brother, her sisters, and the parents who saw her off with a smile...all gone. A profusion of heads lining the city gate, all dreadfully familiar. The temptation to lose her mind, defeated only by desperately telling herself that she could not avenge her family if she broke. She had retained her sanity, but nothing else; nothing but the memories of happier days lingering in her breast.</p>

      <p><em>My parents would weep to know that their daughter was consumed by vengeance. My brother and sisters would not wish to believe it.</em></p>

      <p>But for those who were left behind, revenge was the only path to survival. Even if the rest would not approve. Even if they decried her for putting words in the mouths of the dead.</p>

      <p><em>I have nothing. I can find no reason to live.</em></p>

      <p>She pitched herself headlong into her struggle so she could pretend she wasn’t coming apart at the seams. She convinced herself that she could fight a great empire, let arrogance flood her chest. But it all fell apart when she met the crimson-haired girl and felt the compassion in her heart. When she looked into those scarlet eyes and saw her own younger sister staring back.</p>

      <p><em>How ridiculous. They don’t look the slightest bit alike.</em></p>

      <p>Even so, the sight had plucked at some string deep within her breast. Perhaps her defeat had been decided in that very moment. And eventually, defeat did come, to no great surprise. Yet after she had lost her purpose once more, the black-haired boy had offered her his hand. Not out of pity, she knew; it had been a calculating act through and through.</p>

      <p><em>Still, it was pleasant to finally be relied upon.</em></p>

      <p>Perhaps that was all she had wanted. Somebody to depend on. A situation in which she could be assured she was needed. And the crimson-haired girl’s—Liz’s—presence made it easy to agree.</p>

      <p>That day changed everything. Her heart began to fill with joy, even as she cursed herself for her faithlessness.</p>

      <p>“Scáthach? Are you all right?”</p>

      <p>The voice jerked Scáthach back to reality. She looked up to see a crimson-haired girl standing over her, brushing back a stray strand of hair as she peered down into her face.</p>

      <p>“Forgive me.” Scáthach gave a rueful smile. “Some less-than-pleasant dreams, nothing more.”</p>

      <p>She cast a fresh glance around the room. The sharp scent of medicine pricked at her nose. A nearby set of shelves was lined with bottles. The injuries she had suffered in battle against Stovell had rendered her a resident of the infirmary for the time being; she had only regained consciousness the previous day, and if she tried to leave, she would be returned in short order.</p>

      <p>“I see... Your wounds aren’t causing you pain, are they?”</p>

      <p>“They have not for a while. My leg still feels a little strange, but that is all.”</p>

      <p>“The doctor says you can return to your own chambers,” said a third, male voice. Scáthach looked up to see a boy dressed in black garb.</p>

      <p>“Lord Hiro. You needn’t have troubled yourself...”</p>

      <p>“You don’t really think I’m that cold, do you?” The boy’s brow furrowed in consternation.</p>

      <p>Scáthach hurriedly dipped her head. “No, my lord. Not at all. Forgive me. I spoke without thinking.”</p>

      <p>“Can you blame her for getting the wrong idea? You’re always scowling to yourself recently. You’ve gotten so unapproachable, it’s hard to even talk to you.” Liz pinched her own furrow between her eyebrows in a comical mimicry of Hiro’s frown.</p>

      <p>“Do I look like that all the time?”</p>

      <p>“You do. Aura says you’re just tired. You need to get some rest, is her suggestion. Why don’t you go to the rear gardens and sit in the sun for a while? Empty your mind? It’ll do you good.”</p>

      <p>“That sounds delightful, but I don’t think I have the time. Maybe if I find a spare moment.”</p>

      <p>“You’re impossible.” Liz glared at him, pouting.</p>

      <p>Scáthach understood. She, too, had sensed something unstable about Hiro in recent days.</p>

      <p><em>And that is a lonely thing. One that both causes him pain and brings sorrow to those he cares for.</em></p>

      <p>Perhaps she had no right to speak on the matter, but that was her estimation. To live without the help of others was a hard and perilous road. She knew that as well as anyone. He was strong, of that there was no doubt, but he was still human, and humans needed a shoulder to lean on. She would provide it, if she could. When he seemed about to falter, she would extend a gentle hand. For that, at least, she was strong enough.</p>

      <p>Until then, she would watch and wait. And on the day that Hiro achieved what he truly sought, she would wield her power in its fullest strength.</p>

      <h2>Held Rey Schwartz von Grantz</h2>

      <p>Many days had come and gone since his arrival in Aletia. His memories of his old world, Earth, were growing hazy—or perhaps it would be more accurate to say that he had ceased to reach for them. Perhaps that went to show that he had adjusted to life here, or perhaps he was just that flighty in his attachments. It was hard to gauge his own feelings on the matter. What he could say for certain, however, was that he was glad to have come to this world.</p>

      <p>“We should be able to see it soon.”</p>

      <p>Schwartz scanned the rolling plains of the north. A gentle breeze sent waves across the grass, countless green fronds swaying merrily. One hundred and thirty thousand men sent shudders through the ground as they passed by. The nearest ten thousand to Schwartz were clad in armor of uniform black.</p>

      <p>“Quite the roads Count Schein has constructed.” The hooded figure of an elderly man—the Venerable Master—rode nearby, keeping pace with the roofless carriage. His eyes were bright as he looked at Hiro, like a kindly grandfather gazing at his grandson.</p>

      <p>Hiro flashed him a wry smile and shrugged. “And in such a short time too. They might be the Kingdom of Grantz’s greatest undertaking yet.”</p>

      <p>“He envisions them spanning from the royal capital of Paradis to every corner of Soleil, or so I hear. A mind-boggling proposal.”</p>

      <p>“They won’t be finished in his time, or in his son’s. I wonder if the kingdom will even last that long. Our enemies won’t take this lying down.”</p>

      <p>To the neighboring kingdoms, the roads would be threats. There was a high probability that they would try to intervene, and then the fires of war would rage across Soleil once more. The power of the zlosta might be weakening, but they had tightened their hold on the north and from there still retained control over the east and west.</p>

      <p>“And the south isn’t exactly stable either. We’ve liberated it from the zlosta, but the clans have seized too much power, and they still don’t trust us. We might have to go and conquer them again sooner rather than later.”</p>

      <p>They had slain a large number of the southern clans in the previous campaign, but the influence of the remainder still clung to the land. Unlike the zlosta, it would not do to rule by sheer force. They would need to dispatch capable statesmen south and search for a different way to the fiendkin.</p>

      <p>Schwartz gazed up at the indigo-tinged skies. “We will rule through discourse, not through fear,” he murmured. “That age is over.”</p>

      <p>The Venerable Master nodded firmly and grinned, evidently of the same mind. “As you say.”</p>

      <p>“More importantly,” a third voice interrupted, “you mustn’t keep Rey waiting.”</p>

      <p>Another man emerged from behind the Venerable Master—Roylicht of the Black Hand. In spite of his weaselly features, he was a doughty commander and perhaps even the most loyal of the five.</p>

      <p>“It must have been three months since I last saw her. I hope she’ll be doing better by the time we get back.”</p>

      <p>Rey was a former member of the Black Hand. In addition to being the figure the people called the archpriestess, the matriarch of the priestesses who served the Spirit King, she was King Artheus’s elder sister and the one responsible for summoning Hiro to Aletia from Earth.</p>

      <p>“Is she not yet restored to health?” Roylicht’s face adopted an uncharacteristically worried frown. During their first meeting, Hiro had been convinced the man was constantly plotting something wicked, but after the time they had spent together, he could now read Roylicht’s mood from the slightest twitch of his lips.</p>

      <p>“Apparently not. Every time she writes, she assures me that she’s recovering, but Meteia’s letters claim that she can barely walk.”</p>

      <p>Rey was a kind soul, he knew. Most likely, she wanted to avoid causing him distress.</p>

      <p><em>I understand, but still...I do wish you could be honest with me.</em></p>

      <p>It was lonely, knowing that she was keeping the truth from him. Then again, if she did tell him, he wasn’t certain that he could bear it—although by the same token, with every letter that arrived, another iron band seemed to fasten itself around his heart.</p>

      <p><em>What good is my strength if I can’t use it to help her?</em></p>

      <p>He had ceased to age at all, while she was plagued by sickness. The heavens could fall and the earth could rupture and Schwartz would still never precede Rey to the grave. She would die, and not once would she resent the world that killed her. She would pass away smiling for all to see.</p>

      <p><em>But I can see the tears in her eyes.</em></p>

      <p>There was nothing he could do. He couldn’t even think of any words to offer her. He was powerless. For all the strength he had found, he couldn’t cure one woman’s sickness. She had given him so much, and yet he couldn’t even repay a fraction of the debt he owed.</p>

      <p><em>So I’ll keep striving to bring about the world you wanted.</em></p>

      <p>So that she would not lose the hope that sustained her. Believing all the while that someday, her refusal to give up on life would bear fruit.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll keep on fighting. If I can conquer the world...I’m sure I’ll find a cure.</em></p>

      <p>He would devour everything, endlessly, even if it turned every last person in Aletia against him.</p>

      <p>“So if you would, Spirit King... Give her the time to smile as much as she deserves.”</p>

      <p>Schwartz raised a hand to the sky, reaching desperately for the heavens that yet eluded his grasp.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>