<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: Things Fall Apart</h1>

      <p><em>The twenty-fourth day of the first month of Imperial Year 1024</em></p>

      <p>Winter was warm in the south of the empire. The vastness of its lands meant that its territories experienced the seasons very differently. The temperature could vary greatly between regions, and those unused to travel could quickly fall ill. It was this market that books such as <em>Travel for Beginners</em> existed to serve.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...there are monsters in the south, so beware, it says...and apparently bandits are more common than elsewhere too.” The crimson-haired girl nodded to herself as she perused her copy. “I wonder if they’re just irritable because of the heat? I know it makes me cranky.”</p>

      <p>“Are there not monsters in every territory?” The turquoise-haired girl opposite offered a wry smile. Her face was drawn, as though she was feeling out of sorts.</p>

      <p>The silver-haired girl by her side nodded in agreement, although her attention remained fixed on the book in her lap. “Scáthach is right. They’re everywhere.”</p>

      <p>“You know, now that you mention it...” The expression slid from Liz’s face. She closed the book and laid it on the seat.</p>

      <p>The trio were in a carriage. A landscape formed of green and brown rolled past outside the window.</p>

      <p>“We can’t be far from Sunspear.”</p>

      <p>Sunspear was the seat of House Muzuk of the south. Of the five territories, the south was the hottest, consisting mostly of prairie and desert on account of its arid climate. The northern regions, however, boasted fertile soil ideal for human habitation, and it was in these lands that the city lay.</p>

      <p>“Sunspear...” Scáthach repeated the name to herself. “A city of trade, or so I’ve heard, although I also know it for gold.”</p>

      <p>“That’s right! It’s a wonderful place. You can find goods there from all over the world. It’s just as varied as the capital and maybe twice as shiny. Do you know, the entire palace is made out of gold. You won’t believe your eyes!”</p>

      <p>With the imperial capital to the north, Lichtein and Steissen to the south, the Third Imperial City to the west, and Baldickgarten to the east, Sunspear was well positioned as a hub of commerce. Natural gold reserves also made it attractive to the empire’s upper class and merchants, as well as enterprising individuals hoping to strike it rich.</p>

      <p>“Most likely, Steissen is hoping to gain control of those interests,” Scáthach remarked.</p>

      <p>Liz cocked her head. “You know, it’s strange. Don’t you think it’s a little too quiet?”</p>

      <p>The party had headed directly for Sunspear after entering the southern territories, prioritizing a meeting with House Muzuk over a detour to Berg Fortress. They were traveling as fast as they could, trailing an escort of only thirty riders; the remaining soldiers had gone to Berg Fortress with Garda. As they made their way south, however, Liz had begun to sense something amiss, and the feeling had only grown stronger the closer they came to the city.</p>

      <p>Scáthach frowned. “Now that you mention it, you’re right. Something does feel wrong.”</p>

      <p>“What do you think, Aura?”</p>

      <p>“Mm.”</p>

      <p>“Well, we’ll find out soon enough if there’s anything to it.” Scáthach gestured toward the window. “Here we are.”</p>

      <p>A great gate loomed over the road ahead, with merchants passing through in both directions. Guards stood before it, conducting goods inspections. They stopped and bowed as they caught sight of the carriage’s livery. One stepped closer and exchanged a few words with the coachman before peering in through the window.</p>

      <p>“Greetings, Lady Celia Estrella. It’s an honor to welcome you to Sunspear.”</p>

      <p>“The pleasure is mine, I’m sure.” Liz smiled back, albeit just a little stiffly. Something was definitely amiss; the guards should not have been so lax. As they passed through the gate, her suspicion hardened to certainty.</p>

      <p>“Aura...do you think Steissen is really attacking?”</p>

      <p>Aura made a noncommittal noise, but otherwise she didn’t reply. Scáthach, too, only crossed her arms and cocked her head pensively.</p>

      <p>Liz looked back over the letters she had received from the head of House Muzuk. He had sent a series of increasingly urgent missives over the course of their journey. Even now, reading them again, there seemed to be a clear note of panic in his writing.</p>

      <p>“What’s going on? Shouldn’t Steissen’s forces be marching on the city?”</p>

      <p>The final letter described an army of around sixty thousand attempting to encircle Sunspear, but the people outside did not look like a populace under siege. The streets were just as packed as Liz remembered from years gone by. More than a few passersby were dressed in vibrant fabrics, their spirits buoyed by the turn of the year, and there seemed to be a smile on every face. The air was jubilant, a far cry from a city beset by war.</p>

      <p>At last, a gaudy building constructed entirely from gold came into view. The sight was intended to impress onlookers with House Muzuk’s status, although it also offered a glimpse of their vanity.</p>

      <p>The carriage stopped and the doors opened, flooding the interior with dazzling sunlight. As Liz’s feet touched the ground, a man stepped forward and bowed his head.</p>

      <p>“Welcome to my humble hall.”</p>

      <p>Beto Lueger von Muzuk, House Muzuk’s young head, had become the patriarch of the family at the age of twenty-seven after his father passed away from sickness. In the four years since, he had disposed of corrupt nobles and courted foreign merchants to establish trade routes, developing Sunspear as a center of commerce. Although young in years, he had shown himself to be an astonishingly capable ruler, as well as an egalitarian who surrounded himself with the best and brightest, regardless of upbringing.</p>

      <p>“I had scarcely dreamed the day would come when we would welcome Lady Celia Estrella to our home.”</p>

      <p>The woman at his side mirrored his gesture. She was dressed in striking fashion. Her outfit was so sheer that her underwear was visible beneath, perhaps to help her weather the heat. For some reason—the arid climate, perhaps—the overall impression was not indecent. The clear outlining of her body’s curves highlighted her artistic beauty.</p>

      <p>“I am Selvia Sephone von Muzuk.” She held out a hand in greeting. “I believe we have already met, Your Highness. Do you recall?”</p>

      <p>Liz accepted Selvia’s handshake with a smile. “Of course I remember. How have you been?”</p>

      <p>Selvia had been the first to offer Liz congratulations at the latter’s coming-of-age ceremony. She was also good friends with Rosa, with whom she maintained regular correspondence.</p>

      <p>“Far better now, thank you. The weather has grown much cooler in recent days. Is Lady Rosa in good spirits? She’s so busy nowadays, she hardly ever finds the time to write.”</p>

      <p>“Maybe a little <em>too</em> good. I wish she could have seen her way to joining us...”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I can hardly blame her. She’s the acting head of House Kelheit now. She doesn’t have the time for diversions that she used to. I must pay her a visit once things settle down a little.”</p>

      <p>Liz beamed. “You should! I’m sure she’d be delighted.”</p>

      <p>“Dinner is ready, if you’ll forgive the early hour,” Beto interrupted. “Shall we head inside? The evening chill will soon set in.”</p>

      <p>By his side stood Aura and a now-hooded Scáthach. They appeared to have just finished their introductions.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that’s right!” Selvia said. “We can’t very well stay talking out here in the cold. You must come in.” In spite of herself, however, she soon began introducing herself to Aura and Scáthach.</p>

      <p>Beto turned to Liz with a weary smile as he watched his wife out of the corner of his eye. “Perhaps we ought to go on ahead. Our food will be getting cold.”</p>

      <p>“Before that, I wanted to ask about Steissen—”</p>

      <p>Beto ushered Liz toward the palace, cutting her off. “That would be better discussed over dinner, don’t you think? There’s no telling who might be listening out here.”</p>

      <p>“I suppose so... All right, lead the way.”</p>

      <p>“With pleasure.” Beto turned with an elegant flourish and strode toward the palace doors. To Liz’s surprise, they were made of wood. Still, it was plain that they had been built with the finest lumber. They were no less magnificent than the doors of the imperial palace itself.</p>

      <p>Beto stopped. “Wondering why they aren’t made of gold?”</p>

      <p>“Just a little...” Liz raised a hand to her cheek. She hadn’t realized that her curiosity had been so obvious.</p>

      <p>“Gold is heavy. Doors made from the stuff take more men and time to open than you might think. My wife dismissed the idea as a waste of time and money.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...” The answer was far more prosaic than Liz had expected. It was hard to know how to respond. In the end, she opted for a diplomatic smile.</p>

      <p>As they spoke, the doors creaked open and the interior air spilled out. Liz stepped inside—or at least, she tried. A great crowd filled the chamber within, all on one knee with their heads bowed toward her—the nobles of the south.</p>

      <p>Beto smiles wryly. “They heard that you were coming and insisted on paying their respects.”</p>

      <p>The extravagant welcome earned a frown from Liz, but Beto moved ahead before she could ask any questions.</p>

      <p>“I must apologize for all the fuss, Lady Celia Estrella,” Selvia said. “I did try to dissuade my husband, but this was one point on which he would not back down.”</p>

      <p>It was a display of power for Liz’s benefit, she realized. Beto was emphasizing his own importance, showing that House Muzuk was the lynchpin around which the entire south turned. If Hiro had been here, he probably would have made some quip about wasted effort. Liz, however, couldn’t bring herself to be so dismissive. The nobles had gathered here for her; the least she could do was thank them. As she passed before them, she offered each and every one a few words of appreciation.</p>

      <p>When at last she was done, she looked back, exhausted. “I think I could do with dinner now.”</p>

      <p>“I’m certain you could.” Selvia laid a hand to her cheek and gave an affectionate smile. “Come, this way.”</p>

      <p>Liz found herself steered into a dining hall. A line of servers waited against the wall. Beto stood beside a long table laden with food, wearing a small smile. “This seat is yours, Your Highness,” he said, indicating the head of the table.</p>

      <p>Liz took her place with a slight nod. The rest of the attendees followed suit. Beto raised a silver goblet and shot her a glance, prompting her to lead the toast.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve never been good at this...not that fancy banquets are something I </em>should<em> get used to.</em></p>

      <p>Sighing to herself, she raised her goblet and scanned the room, ensuring that everybody had their own cups in hand. “I would like to thank Lord von Muzuk... Wait, no, we give thanks to the Divines first, don’t we? Or was it the Spirit King?”</p>

      <p>An awkward silence fell. Liz’s crimson eyes searched for help, but none came. Aura’s expression was as blank as ever, rendering it impossible to tell what she was thinking. Scáthach smiled like a proud mother. Liz wanted to hide her head in her hands, but she forced herself to keep going and lift her goblet high.</p>

      <p>“To... To our health!”</p>

      <p>In what might have been an attempt to lift her spirits, the rest of the table repeated her word with gusto. This was no time to wallow in regret or should-haves, however. Putting her embarrassment behind her, she laid her goblet down and turned to Beto.</p>

      <p>“There’s something I need to ask you.” Her youthful uncertainty vanished, replaced by stony-faced seriousness.</p>

      <p>Sensing the change that had come over her, Beto drained his goblet in a single gulp and fixed her with a level gaze. Something gleamed in his eyes. “You did seem to have something on your mind.”</p>

      <p>“That’s right. Tell me...what in the world is going on?”</p>

      <p>“Was something amiss with your welcome? I thought it was an appropriate reception for a princess of the empire.”</p>

      <p>In a flash of irritation, Liz thumped a stack of papers onto the table. “You told me several times in these very letters that an attack from Steissen was imminent—oh, don’t give me the ‘what letters?’ routine.” She stood up from her chair, brows furrowed. “No more playing dumb. Tell me right now what this is all about.”</p>

      <p>Seeing that obfuscating was unlikely to get him very far, Beto heaved a sigh. “I have deceived you in effect, Your Highness, but I assure you, not in spirit.”</p>

      <p>“And what exactly is that supposed to mean?” The suspicious glint in Liz’s eyes heightened to fury.</p>

      <p>Beto took a moment to think, planting his elbows on the table and covering his mouth with his hands. All of a sudden, a sharp clatter rang through the dining hall. Liz spun around toward the source of the noise.</p>

      <p>“Aura?”</p>

      <p>Aura stood stock-still. Her chair lay toppled on the floor behind her.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>