<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>The aide frowned, bemused, as his queen descended into a world of her own. “Are you certain it would be wise to continue cooperating with him? Would we not be better off breaking free from the empire and readying our forces for war?”</p>

      <p>The suggestion was met with a frosty glare. If looks could kill, the aide would doubtless be dead. He quickly realized that he had spoken out of line.</p>

      <p>“Apologies, Your Highness!” he stammered between frantic bows.</p>

      <p>Claudia looked away and raised a hand to the sky. Violet crystal caught the sun’s light, refracting it into dazzling hues.</p>

      <p>“Such shortsighted thinking would profit us little. Look at the larger picture—not at the tempting morsel before our noses, but at the hand that holds it out.” She closed her own hand into a fist and brought it down toward the imperial capital. “That is the only way we zlosta will survive, with no Lord to call our own.”</p>

      <p>If they wished the sun to be theirs again, they would have to seize it with their own hands.</p>

      <p>The aide’s brow remained furrowed.</p>

      <p>“You seem unconvinced,” Claudia said.</p>

      <p>He hesitated to reply, fearful of offending her mood.</p>

      <p>“If you think me a despot who does not heed the advice of her subjects, leave this instant and do not return. If not, do your duty as my retainer and tell me where I am mistaken.”</p>

      <p>“I-If you insist, Your Majesty... We do not have the numbers to contest Six Kingdoms. As the situation stands, would they not make better allies than the empire?”</p>

      <p>Claudia had expected a more substantial argument. She gave an exasperated sigh. “They would turn us into their puppets. Better an ally that owes us much than an ally that owes us little. If Lebering is to grow, it only stands to lose from a union with Six Kingdoms.”</p>

      <p>“But if Lord Hiro is defeated, will they not conquer us anyway?”</p>

      <p>“To put it bluntly, we would not be worth their time. A frozen, far-flung wasteland, poor in resources and far to the east—such a place has no value to them.” Denigrating her own nation stung fiercely, but it would convince her aide, as well as rousing his indignation into the bargain. “But if we were to ally with them, they would use us for their own purposes and annex us. We would be no better off than under the empire. Would you have our people be slaves again?”</p>

      <p>“Of course not, Your Majesty.”</p>

      <p>Claudia smiled to see the aide fall silent. “And so I choose to ally with Lord Hiro. Through Six Kingdoms, the world shall know that the zlosta have once more risen in Soleil.”</p>

      <p>Moreover, Hiro had offered very favorable terms. If she sided with the empire, he would give her what she sought—something that Six Kingdoms could never offer.</p>

      <p>“Understood, Your Highness. I will do as you bid. Forgive me for wasting your time with my foolishness.”</p>

      <p>“Think nothing of it. If any more doubts strike you, I will always be willing to assuage them.”</p>

      <p>Claudia craned her head back and narrowed her eyes. A seductive smile spread across her face. Now that the throne was hers, she would not suffer the zlosta to be chased back into the shadows. They would live in the sun, even if that meant letting history call her a fool.</p>

      <p>“Although, one does wonder...”</p>

      <p>The final, cryptic line of Hiro’s letter flashed through her mind. <em>All will be one.</em> Knowing him, it doubtless held some profound significance, but she could not begin to guess what.</p>

      <p>“I suppose I shall find out once I see him.”</p>

      <p>At that point, he would already have the gift he had promised her. Such had been the terms of their agreement. She would not be leading her army south otherwise.</p>

      <p>“It seems there will be a great deal of excitement in the near future. Who can say what delights the coming age might hold?”</p>

      <p>It took all of her willpower to hold back a smile at the thought of the turmoil to come.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p><em>The sixth day of the second month of Imperial Year 1024</em></p>

      <p>The news came not long past daybreak. Hardly an hour had passed since the sun had risen. Only a handful of soldiers had begun their morning training, and Six Kingdoms’ encampment was quiet enough that one could hear their own footsteps.</p>

      <p>A woman strode through the camp in her smallclothes. Her steps were sure and unashamed, as though she had absolute confidence in her own body. The soldiers averted their eyes as she passed, intimidated into silence. If asked to name the most extravagant woman in Six Kingdoms, none would hesitate to give her name: Lucia Levia du Anguis, queen of Anguis and commander of the Punitive Army.</p>

      <p>Her footsteps rang loud with irritation as she stormed into the command tent. The camp aides were already present, as were the Vulpes siblings. They rose and bowed as one as they registered her entrance. Several faces reddened at her manner of dress, but her nigh-spellbinding allure kept their eyes trained on her whether they wanted to look away or not. Lustful gazes held no more significance to her than pebbles by the roadside. They could harbor whatever passions they wished; she was so far above them, they could not even hope to address her outside of the strict confines of strategy meetings.</p>

      <p>“At ease,” she commanded, surveying the room with a glower. She had been sleeping deeply, and had not taken well to having been woken. The seated aides lowered their gazes fearfully. Only the Vulpes siblings and Seleucus seemed unruffled.</p>

      <p>Igel clasped his hands behind his head and leered. “Nice getup. Lookin’ for some attention, huh?”</p>

      <p>Lucia glared back, not with embarrassment but with cold contempt. “Would you prefer your death to be quick or slow?”</p>

      <p>Igel hurriedly straightened. Every hair on his body stood on end. Great beads of sweat trickled from his forehead as the gravity in the tent seemed to grow twice as heavy. One of the nobles issued a groan.</p>

      <p>Luka rose to her feet. “Please forgive my foolish brother’s insolence. He only sought to bring some levity to the proceedings.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, very well. I care little. Make with your reports.” Lucia waved a dismissive hand, no longer interested. The air of palpable threat finally dispersed.</p>

      <p>Seleucus stood up from his seat. “Allow me to summarize the situation.”</p>

      <p>He placed a pawn on the map, marking the location of the Second Punitive Legion. Lucia regarded him inquisitively, her forehead creasing.</p>

      <p>“The War God’s scion has struck in earnest,” he announced.</p>

      <p>Lucia’s eyes gleamed with fascination. The rest of the table looked dumbfounded. In no time at all, the command tent was in an uproar.</p>

      <p>“Is this true, Lord Seleucus?”</p>

      <p>“Surely not. His reinforcements could not have arrived so quickly. It’s impossible!”</p>

      <p>“It is true,” Seleucus said. “I have received word that the Second Punitive Legion has been routed.”</p>

      <p>“Routed?!” one of the aides cried. “How?!”</p>

      <p>The exclamation sent a ripple of shock through the tent.</p>

      <p>“Why is their defeat the first we’re hearing of this?”</p>

      <p>“What have our scouts been doing? Touring the Travant Mountains?!”</p>

      <p>“Hush with all this weeping and wailing.” Lucia thumped the table, bringing the clamor to order. She cast a glare around the tent. “Seleucus, explain.”</p>

      <p>“As you are all surely aware, the Second Punitive Legion was laying siege to the town of Severt. It appears the empire caught them unawares. Imperial forces attacked under cover of night and seemingly had little difficulty striking from behind. At the same time, the lord of Severt issued a sortie, catching them in a pincer. The officers perished, confusion spread, and the legion was wiped out.”</p>

      <p>“How could they possibly have been caught in so obvious a trap?”</p>

      <p>“It appears that the nearby settlements offered them tributes, Your Majesty. They had gorged themselves on drink.”</p>

      <p>Lucia sighed. “I hardly know what to say.”</p>

      <p>“It also seems the lord of Severt sent the commander several letters praising his character. One might surmise that they went to his head.”</p>

      <p>Lucia laughed coldly. “And where is this commander now?” She looked angry enough to kill the man with her own two hands.</p>

      <p>Seleucus continued reading, unperturbed. “We don’t know, Your Majesty. Perhaps he has been captured, or perhaps he perished on the field.”</p>

      <p>“If he does happen to make his way back to our camp, bring him before me. I should very much like to choke the life from him myself.” Lucia’s fan slapped her palm rhythmically as she breathed deep, collecting her thoughts. “Those tributes were the Lord of Eld’s work, I don’t doubt. What fool would fall for such a ruse in wartime? From which kingdom did he hail?”</p>

      <p>“Vulpes, Your Majesty. Do you recall General Leukigmov?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, him. He is one of ours. So, he fell face-first into a trap, did he?” Igel covered his face with a hand, his broad shoulders shuddering with indignation. “We’ll never live this one down...”</p>

      <p>Beside him, Luka raised a hand. “We shall restore our homeland’s honor by slaying this scion of Mars ourselves. What are the enemy’s numbers, Lord Seleucus?”</p>

      <p>“Now that they have absorbed the forces of the local nobility, they exceed thirty thousand.”</p>

      <p>“Then fifty thousand ought to suffice. May we have permission to ride, Your Majesty?”</p>

      <p>“You may not. I do not begrudge you your revenge, but if this is another of the Lord of Eld’s schemes, you will be riding to your deaths.”</p>

      <p>“We cannot let this shame go unanswered.”</p>

      <p>“’Tis for the best that you do. Overconfidence in numbers breeds the same complacency that undid the Second Punitive Legion. A single oversight can turn the tables. Such is the way of war.”</p>

      <p>“We don’t make oversights!” Igel smashed his chair against the ground. Pieces of wood flew off and struck several of the aides. They slumped over, knocked clean unconscious. He stepped forward, crushing the wreckage beneath his feet. “Your Majesty, I’m beggin’ you here. Leave this one to us.”</p>

      <p>A vein throbbed in his forehead. He forced his mouth into a semblance of a smile, marshaling all of his good sense not to swing at her there and then.</p>

      <p>“You would do well to learn some patience. Unless you truly wish to pit yourself against me?” Lucia motioned for the fallen aides to be taken to the medical tent before returning her attention to Igel. A venomous smile spread across her face. “If that would cool your head, all the better.”</p>

      <p>Igel hesitated. “That’s not what I...”</p>

      <p>“Then hush with this mewling. Satisfy yourself that twenty thousand was the extent of our losses. One hundred and eighty thousand remain hale. If we lash out blindly, we will only lose more.” Lucia stood and gestured to the map with her fan. “Besides, my plans are already laid.” She crushed the Second Punitive Legion’s pawn and picked up another nearby. “The Third Punitive Legion is now the closest to the Lord of Eld, correct?”</p>

      <p>Seleucus nodded.</p>

      <p>“Have them clash twice or thrice with his men before falling back. Instruct the other three legions to retreat and rejoin our ranks with all haste.”</p>

      <p>“You mean to bait the enemy?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Tell the Third that they are not to stand their ground. Their role is to goad the enemy’s advance. Should they be defeated, the surrendered nobles of the western territories may begin to rediscover their courage. I repeat, they must <em>not</em> stand their ground, only bait our foe deeper.”</p>

      <p>“Then what of us?” Luka asked, caressing her scowling brother’s head.</p>

      <p>“Rest. Conserve your strength. Think only of striking down the Lord of Eld.” Lucia proceeded to instruct the army to redirect its supply lines and temporarily disband its core.</p>

      <p>“Now, Your Majesty?” Seleucus seemed one step short of calling her demand foolish. “A change of officers we could manage, but dissolving and reforming every unit will disrupt our chain of command.”</p>

      <p>Lucia’s nose wrinkled. “That is the point. ’Tis a ploy, Seleucus. I would have the enemy believe our forces are confused. Spread word far and wide that our ranks are in disarray, that there is bad blood between the Vulpes siblings and me—whatever rumors you can think of.”</p>

      <p>She would lure the Lord of Eld far to the west, where he could not escape. The bait might be obvious, but if she withdrew her forces, he would have no choice but to pursue. Freed from the threat of Six Kingdoms’ rule, many of the western nobles would join forces with him—and that would be his final undoing, the detonation of a time bomb long since laid.</p>

      <p>“If there are no more questions, pray attend to your duties.”</p>

      <p>In a flurry of footsteps, her aides and subordinates surged out of the tent. In the midst of the chaos, she held one man back.</p>

      <p>“Let us speak a moment, Igel.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Why? My sister’s gonna be mad if I take too long.”</p>

      <p>“You care for her ever so much, don’t you? Fear not. This will take but a moment.” Lucia turned her attention to the glittering blue crystal embedded in Igel’s left hand. Her eyes gleamed like those of a predator catching sight of its prey. “Tell me—would you be willing to die for your sister?”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p><em>Severt, in the center of the western territories</em></p>

      <p>After relocating his camp, Hiro once again set about gathering reports on Six Kingdoms. The command tent was busy with aides and nobles. In the aftermath of the Second Punitive Army’s defeat, prisoners needed to be sent away, arms and armor checked for damage, and a revised supply budget drawn up to account for the new additions to the army. Messengers came and went in a ceaseless current; the scouts’ reports on the enemy troops’ movements, camp security, and supply line locations were prioritized. Accounts of the status of the roads or the discovery of bandit camps or monster lairs were passed on to western nobles with few soldiers of their own, who had been relegated to backline support. Anything they could not deal with themselves was to be reported back to the central territories.</p>

      <p>“There’s movement from the Fourth Punitive Legion on the Laryx Plains.” Von Maruk approached Hiro with a sheaf of paper in his hand. “They must have gotten word of the Second’s defeat.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Increase the guard and tell them to stay vigilant. It’s likely we’ll come under attack. More importantly, what are our losses?”</p>

      <p>“In detail, Your Highness?”</p>

      <p>“In brief will do.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, light. Three hundred cavalry and a thousand infantry. With the western nobles and their soldiers joining our ranks, we now number thirty thousand.”</p>

      <p>“Just as we had hoped.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed, Your Highness. I do have one concern, however.”</p>

      <p>Orlean held out his report. Hiro took it and read it through. It listed the names of the nobles who had died in combat.</p>

      <p>“It seems several central nobles perished in battle—if indeed that is the appropriate expression.”</p>

      <p>“It says they were all killed by stray arrows.”</p>

      <p>“<em>Our</em> arrows, no less. Two or three I could believe were a coincidence, but seven? That is the work of enemy assassins in our ranks.”</p>

      <p>“Increase camp security. I’d prefer to let the men have all the sleep they can get, but needs must.”</p>

      <p>“At once, Your Highness.”</p>

      <p>“Morale isn’t suffering, I hope?”</p>

      <p>Von Maruk patted his chest reassuringly. “Fear not, Your Highness. Our victory over the Second Punitive Army has the soldiers in high spirits, as does our rescue of Severt.”</p>

      <p>“Then we can move forward with the next stage of our plans.”</p>

      <p>The enemy’s scattered forces were contracting again. All was going as anticipated. Still, for some reason, von Maruk’s forehead was slick with nervous sweat.</p>

      <p>“With respect, Your Highness, will it truly benefit us to have the foe gather in one place?”</p>

      <p>“It’s true they’ll be more resilient grouped up than split apart, but having too many men on the battlefield comes with its own disadvantages. Without a clear chain of command, they’ll be no better than an angry mob. If we can take advantage of that, numbers won’t matter.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Certainly, we have received reports to that effect.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, there had been some sort of disagreement between the army’s commander and acting commander. Moreover, the former, perhaps suspicious of the force they had taken over, had dissolved the entirety of the core force and reformed it to their liking. Considering that they were also retracting their punitive legions, the chain of command would undoubtedly be in chaos.</p>

      <p><em>They’re responding more or less how I expected.</em></p>

      <p>Hiro’s smile grew wider. Time to eliminate one of the last ambiguities. He strode over to the map behind him. “Let’s talk about what we do next.”</p>

      <p>He picked up a pawn and cast a sidelong glance at von Maruk. The man silently nodded, indicating to him to continue.</p>

      <p>“We will leave the western nobles who have joined us in charge of the central cohort. They have already bent the knee to Six Kingdoms once. Placing them in the vanguard would risk them causing chaos in the ranks.”</p>

      <p>The stain of defeat was not one that came out. Terror, once taught, only grew in reflection. If such men went to battle, it was not difficult to guess what would ensue.</p>

      <p><em>Commanders with such low morale </em>should <em>be sent to the back lines.</em></p>

      <p>If the battle ahead had been a trivial one, there would be no harm in stationing them at the front and letting them claim an easy victory. That would rebuild both their morale and their confidence. This time, however, the fight was hopeless from the start, to the point that many of the soldiers were quietly questioning their officers’ judgment.</p>

      <p><em>At least annihilating the Second Punitive Legion remedied that a little.</em></p>

      <p>Thanks to that victory, there were no longer any issues with Hiro’s own soldiers. Still, the same could not be said of the western nobles’ battered troops. They had already been broken utterly. A few might burn with vengeance, but not enough to set the whole force alight. That raised a question: why incorporate them into the army at all?</p>

      <p><em>Now, Orlean, how will you respond?</em></p>

      <p>Anything clear enough to confirm his suspicions would be welcome.</p>

      <p>“I think that’s a fine idea.” Von Maruk seemed enthused by the prospect. “Another stroke of genius, Your Highness.”</p>

      <p>Hiro’s heart fell cold. A violent impulse surged through him. He managed to maintain his calm, but abyssal dark swirled in his eyes.</p>

      <p>“Then that’s what we’ll do. The same will apply to any western nobles who join us between now and the battle.”</p>

      <p>The war with Six Kingdoms had put him ill at ease since its beginning. Now, he had finally managed to pin down a portion of why. At last, he had confirmation. For a while, he had not been quite certain, but now he could put his plans in place without issue.</p>

      <p>“We will position the central nobles in the vanguard and leave the rearguard to the lesser nobles. I will lead from the front.”</p>

      <p>Von Maruk broke into a grin. “I should be honored to fight alongside you.”</p>

      <p>Hiro’s smile was bone-chilling. “I couldn’t have asked for a more reliable vice-commander.” He turned and made his way toward the entrance. “We depart in two days. I trust you can take care of the rest.”</p>

      <p>“Where are you going, Your Highness?”</p>

      <p>“I’m going to get some rest tonight.”</p>

      <p>“Very well. I will ensure that all is ready when you wake.”</p>

      <p>Hiro waved over his shoulder, sensing von Maruk bow behind him, and passed through the tent flap. Winter held the outside world in its grip, its breath cold enough to freeze the skin. With the Black Camellia’s protection, however, the chill felt no worse than a balmy spring breeze.</p>

      <p>As he walked in silence through the night, his feet came to a stop, and he looked up.</p>

      <p>“Some things never change, even after a thousand years.”</p>

      <p>A starry sky spread out above him. The full moon and its court of stars held sway over the night, showering the land with light.</p>

      <p>“Who was it who told me that the stars are the souls of the departed?”</p>

      <p><em>When people die, they become spirits, and when they become spirits, their souls turn into stars. From up in the sky, they watch over the world forever at the Spirit King’s side. So whenever we’re feeling sad, or scared, or lonely, we only need to look up at the stars, and we’ll know we’re not alone.</em></p>

      <p>“Ah, that’s right. It was Liz.”</p>

      <p>When had that been? On the night they camped on Mount Himmel? Everything had been such a whirlwind, it was all he could do to keep track. Now his memories were growing confused.</p>

      <p>“I remember how happy I felt, though. It was like I could really hear your voice.”</p>

      <p>But the warmth of her embrace and the gentle touch of her compassion were gone now. He raised a hand to the sky, as if yearning for bygone days.</p>

      <p>“I’ve made my choice. I was scared of this path a thousand years ago. I wound up running away like a coward in the end.”</p>

      <p>He lowered his eyes sadly. The fingers of his right hand brushed his eyepatch. With Liz and the rest of his allies far away, there was no more need to hide what lay beneath.</p>

      <p>“I still don’t know if it’s the right one. But I’ll walk it now.”</p>

      <p>The eyepatch lifted away to reveal an eye dark with grief.</p>

      <p>“This is my road. I will surpass everyone in arrogance, in strength, and at last, in royalty.”</p>

      <p><em>And to do it, I will devour the world.</em></p>

      <p>“It’s a shame I’ll never get to see the person Liz becomes...”</p>

      <p>He allowed himself a small smile, tinged with regret, gone in an instant. A ghastly visage appeared in its place, as though emerging from the depths of the abyss.</p>

      <p>“I will bring this age to an end. This world needs a new legend.”</p>

      <p>The words sounded like a prayer on his lips.</p>

      <p>He resumed his stride—silent, strong, radiating undiluted bloodlust. The insects fell silent, the wind’s howl grew ragged. All sound vanished from the world.</p>

      <p>“And if I have to sacrifice myself to do it, I will.”</p>

      <p>He ducked through the entrance to his tent and looked around, scanning the interior. His gaze halted on a man, kneeling with head bowed.</p>

      <p>“I have awaited your coming, Lord Hiro.”</p>

      <p>Behind the man’s back, a bound figure was seated on a chair. His mouth was stuffed with rags to prevent him from screaming. Hiro stepped closer and looked down at the bowing man.</p>

      <p>“Fine work. I appreciate you dispatching the central nobles as well.”</p>

      <p>“I fear there was one we failed to slay, my lord. My apologies.”</p>

      <p>“None necessary. I see you brought them to me anyway.”</p>

      <p>Hiro’s eyes flicked to the seated figure deeper in. He was screaming with all his might, but the rags binding his mouth turned it into an unintelligible series of bestial grunts.</p>

      <p>“How many of you are there?”</p>

      <p>“A dozen, my lord. Myself included.”</p>

      <p>Before commencing his plans, Hiro had negotiated with Claudia for her assistance. She had cheerfully accepted, seeing that their interests aligned, and been more than happy to supply him with the resources he requested. One of them was the assassin kneeling before him now. The man’s skills were quite satisfactory. He projected the air of a seasoned killer.</p>

      <p>“I bring a letter from Her Majesty.”</p>

      <p>Hiro took the envelope and drew a nearby chair closer to read it. The corners of his mouth pulled into a grin as he skimmed the contents.</p>

      <p>“Good. It seems like everything’s going smoothly.”</p>

      <p>He stood, giving the letter a flick, and headed to the writing desk in the corner of the tent. He picked up a pen and began to write something down, glancing at the map as he wrote.</p>

      <p>“Could you dispose of him?” He directed the pen at the bound noble without looking up. “Sorry to ask after you went to the trouble of bringing him here, but I’ve already got what I needed. There’s nothing to gain from torturing him.”</p>

      <p>The exchange in the command tent had been proof enough. Orlean von Maruk was allied with Six Kingdoms, or possibly Orcus. Either way, he was a traitor.</p>

      <p>“I wonder how he’ll react when yet another aide goes missing. Will he start to worry for his safety, or will he only see an opportunity?”</p>

      <p>It would be nice if he suspected the assassins’ presence in the camp. At least that would fill him with some modicum of terror.</p>

      <p>Hiro sighed, deep and regretful. His pen stopped on the page and he took a new sheaf.</p>

      <p><em>You </em>will<em> sit the throne, Liz. Of that I’m sure.</em></p>

      <p>He hadn’t managed to clear away every obstacle in her path, but the support of Rosa and her other allies would take care of the rest. The political struggle would harden her heart, until at last she obtained an iron will worthy of an empress.</p>

      <p><em>And then you’ll need to gather your strength for the fight to come.</em></p>

      <p>At times, she would falter. At times, she would be driven to tears. Still, she would persevere and overcome, he knew. Sadness made people grow. Anger filled them with strength. Joy brought them fulfillment.</p>

      <p><em>May your hopes bloom in full splendor.</em></p>

      <p>Hiro laid the pen on the desk and cast a glance back at Claudia’s assassin. “There’s something I’d like you to help me with.”</p>

      <p>“I am yours to command, my lord.” The assassin nodded meekly, although there was no disguising the way his voice trembled at Hiro’s dreadful presence.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>