<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Shall I tell you how he passed? ’Tis no precious secret—”</p>

      <p>“Shut your lying mouth! My father, dead? Nonsense! He would not, could not! He is the leader of the Grantzian Empire, the greatest nation in the world! None could ever get the better of him!”</p>

      <p>Brutahl’s earnest love for his father was admirable, but as unwavering as his trust might be, it was tragically misplaced. Greiheit may have been an emperor, but he was still human, the frailest of the five peoples. Their life spans were short, their best years brief, and they were apt to die from the slightest of injuries.</p>

      <p>“He wields a Spiritblade! He is one of the Spirit King’s chosen few!”</p>

      <p>His faith in the spirits could only be described as blind zealotry. The Spirit King might have been one of the Five Lords of Heaven, but he was not almighty. Spirits were humanity’s companions, their neighbors, and the safeguards of their hopes and dreams.</p>

      <p>“The Spiritblades grant power in accordance with their wielder’s desires, ’tis true...but as the wielder’s body fails, such a treasure becomes as a pearl before swine.”</p>

      <p>In his youth, Greiheit had been a mighty warrior indeed. Lucia had heard tales of his exploits. Yet while his latter years had been marked by a fixation on conquest, no champion could defeat the ravages of age.</p>

      <p>“I hear ’twas First Prince Stovell who cut off his head.”</p>

      <p>Brutahl paled. “My brother? Surely not...”</p>

      <p>“Is Stovell not also... How did you put it? ‘One of the Spirit King’s chosen few’?”</p>

      <p>The prince looked down at the ground, visibly shaken. He seemed deaf to Lucia’s words.</p>

      <p>“Cat got your tongue? A pity. I thought you might scream a little more.”</p>

      <p>Lucia had received word of the emperor’s death at Stovell’s hands, but she was more interested in the appearance of Mars’s scion. That was a development she had not expected. The hero’s bloodline, rediscovered at last after a thousand long years. Distantly, she felt the gears of the ages grind into motion. If the reports of that vexing creature Nameless could be trusted, he was the genuine article, although that seemed difficult to believe.</p>

      <p>“I had believed our alliance long buried, and yet...”</p>

      <p>She looked down at her arm, and the veins pulsing beneath her skin. Blood could be a troublesome thing. A bond once sworn could not be undone, no matter how many centuries passed in the interim.</p>

      <p>“What to do? There is little so troublesome to handle as a hero’s heir...”</p>

      <p>Would he prove a tempest who would cleave open a new era, or a savior who would restore an age long past?</p>

      <p>The fluttering of the serpent flag brought Lucia back to reality.</p>

      <p>“Do excuse me. My musings got the better of me, I fear. But such things can wait. Now, I shall decide your fate.” With an abashed smile, she spread her fan to cover her mouth, regarding Prince Brutahl with icy eyes.</p>

      <p>“Have you decided what to do with him, Your Majesty?” The young commander’s smile never faltered.</p>

      <p>Lucia nodded. “We make for the western territories, do we not? He is certain to come in useful there. In the meantime, let us see what information we can squeeze from him.”</p>

      <p>“Understood, Your Highness.” The man glanced at the guards, who picked up Brutahl beneath the arms and hoisted him to his feet.</p>

      <p>“You’d best be prepared.” Brutahl forced out the words through lips twisted in pain. “The Grantzian Empire is the rightful ruler of all Soleil. If you expect it to roll over and die, you had better think twice.”</p>

      <p>His show of determination was admirable, but the baseless confidence of it grated on Lucia’s nerves. “May you prove at least a little entertaining,” she said, resettling herself in her chair as the guards took him away.</p>

      <p>“It will be useful, having him on hand,” the young commander commented. “Some of the empire’s western nobles continue to resist us fiercely. Have you considered clapping a collar on him and walking him by your side as we march? That ought to show them the futility of their efforts.”</p>

      <p>Lucia peered at him dubiously. “You do have the most twisted mind, Seleucus. Has anybody ever told you that?”</p>

      <p>Seleucus shrugged blithely. “A suggestion, nothing more. Many in the empire view the royal family as gods. If they see that we hold one of their princes as a slave, they may be more willing to serve us.”</p>

      <p>“I shall consider it. So? How fares the battle?”</p>

      <p>“Our conquest of Fort Mitte is almost complete. We have taken around thirty thousand prisoners. What would you see done with them, Your Majesty? Shall we take them with us?”</p>

      <p>“Why should we do that? ’Twill only slow us down.” Lucia pressed her fan to her chin and pretended to think, indulging the jest. “Take those who serve the Grantzian royal family and behead them. If we have Third Prince Brutahl, we have no need of his followers.”</p>

      <p>“Very good, Your Majesty. What of the rest?”</p>

      <p>“Send messengers to our homeland. They will ransom those they can and sell those they cannot as slaves. Anybody else is yours to execute as you wish. Some must serve as a warning, after all.” Resolve glittered in Lucia’s eyes. She flicked open her fan and raised it toward the distant Grantzian Empire. “And now we march, proclaiming Faerzen’s liberation and rallying its people to our cause.”</p>

      <p>“And we must regroup with the Vulpes siblings too.”</p>

      <p>Lucia nodded. “One fears what they may do if left to their own devices.”</p>

      <p>“I only hope they haven’t burned all of the western territories to ash. The sister at least has a level head on her shoulders, but the brother takes a little too much joy in slaughter.”</p>

      <p>“Their strength is beyond reproach, no doubt about that. I would not have brought them with me otherwise. And they will not tug too hard at the leash. They understand well the position they are in.”</p>

      <p>“Ousted from their throne.” Seleucus’s voice was a whisper, barely audible above the clamor of battle.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. The Vulpes siblings are prodigies, ’tis true, but only as mundane men are prodigies. <em>She</em>, on the other hand, is a genius in the truest sense.” One figure loomed large in Lucia’s mind, peerless in battle and unmatched in wisdom—the closest in all of Six Kingdoms to the position of High King. “So much so that she puts all other claims of genius to shame. A mind so transcendent as to render the exceptional mundane—why, her very existence is an affront to good sense.”</p>

      <p>Seleucus smiled ruefully and sighed. Evidently, he had been thinking of the same person. She had already secured the support of four royal houses. If nothing was done, she would be the next High Queen.</p>

      <p>“The entire nation believed that I was next in line to the throne, but she showed me the error of my ways. My own fault, perhaps, for sitting on my hands, but that I should be reduced to glory-seeking... ’Tis poor comedy, don’t you think?”</p>

      <p>Lucia rose to her feet and gazed at the eastern sky.</p>

      <p>“Shall we depart at once, Your Majesty?” Seleucus asked.</p>

      <p>She snapped her fan shut. “We shall. Leave the Vulpes siblings for too long, and they shall begin to poach glories that are rightfully mine.”</p>

      <p>Seleucus grinned wryly. “I see you aren’t so different after all.”</p>

      <p>Lucia brought her fan to her shoulder with a sharp <em>clack</em>. “Our work here is done, Seleucus. Let us pay a visit to this Lord of Eld.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>