<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p>Screams split the air, pitiful, tear-streaked pleas born of unbearable pain. Figures slumped to the ground, unable to find cover from the deluge. Even so, the black clouds of arrows showed no sign of abating. They fell mercilessly upon the bodies to finish off the dying where they lay.</p>

      <p>“Aim for the command tent. They’ve been kind enough to come out from behind their walls. We mustn’t waste the chance they’ve given us.”</p>

      <p>Fourth Prince Hiro Schwartz von Grantz stood out on the battlefield thanks to his black hair and black eyes—a hue that only one man in Aletia had ever boasted. His usual eyepatch was nowhere to be seen upon his gentle features.</p>

      <p>“What a sight. A fitting end for a pack of fools.”</p>

      <p>Now that his left eye had been freed, it glowed with an uncanny radiance that chilled the blood.</p>

      <p>“The way here wasn’t easy. They put up sturdy defenses.”</p>

      <p>Seated astride his swiftdrake on a small hill, he smiled down at Six Kingdoms’ command tent. During the previous night, he had taken two thousand riders and circled around behind the enemy army. Imperial forces naturally knew imperial land better, but in order to be certain of getting the upper hand, he had enlisted Lord von Kirschia, a local noble, to lead them around the battlefield. Now the core of Six Kingdoms’ army unfolded below him.</p>

      <p>“Panache thrives in warfare. One eye-catching scheme will earn the praise of historians for generations, and they will gladly beautify the events in text.” His words were matter-of-fact, but his voice was tinged with joy. “Now, where is Six Kingdoms’ commander? Where is the general who will be my stepping stone?”</p>

      <p>He narrowed his eyes and swept an amused gaze across the camp, but there were no signs of any likely figures. All the while, the archers rained arrows on the troops below, turning the scene into a nightmare of blood and gore.</p>

      <p>“Took them long enough.”</p>

      <p>Horn blasts rose from all around, warning of an enemy assault. The solemn chorus resounded across the battlefield. The first and second cohorts must have noticed that they were under attack. Still, the order to retreat had not come through, so they could do nothing but fight on. They would turn on each other, ally would slay ally, the core would fall into chaos, and before long, the situation would be unsalvageable.</p>

      <p>“One wrong move can be fatal on a battlefield. Their commander was a little too indecisive.”</p>

      <p>Admittedly, he had primed them to act that way, but he did wonder how the battle looked from their perspective.</p>

      <p>“Time to get moving. I wouldn’t want to give them time to reassemble their defenses.”</p>

      <p>He drew Excalibur from his hip and raised it high. The gleaming blade shimmered with rainbow hues, holding fast the gazes of the soldiers behind him.</p>

      <p>“All units, mount up.”</p>

      <p>The archers lowered their bows and hefted themselves into the saddles of their waiting horses. Sensing that they were mounted up, Hiro lowered Excalibur so that it lay flush with the ground. The black dragon fluttered in the breeze—the same sacred standard beneath which the War God had once proclaimed conquest to the world.</p>

      <p>“Take fear in your jaws and swallow it whole! Let fury guide your fangs to your enemies’ throats!”</p>

      <p><em>Bring down the hammer of righteousness upon these savages who dare defile imperial soil.</em></p>

      <p>“In Mars’s name, I command you: charge!”</p>

      <p>A war cry swelled at his back, urging him forward as he kicked his swiftdrake’s flanks. Enemy archers began to nock their arrows as they registered the cavalry hurtling down the slope.</p>

      <p>Hiro swung Excalibur out to the side and shouted over his shoulder. “Do not falter! Shields out, heads low! Ride straight through!”</p>

      <p>Wind hissed by his ear. Several men toppled from their horses behind him. Clicking his tongue in annoyance, he cleared the encroaching arrows away with a wave of his arm.</p>

      <p>“Out of my way.”</p>

      <p>He launched himself from his swiftdrake’s back, alighting in the midst of the enemy troops.</p>

      <p>“Wha— Argh!”</p>

      <p>One soldier went down with a thrust through the throat. Hiro pulled his sword free and swung around to cleave another’s head from his shoulders. A spear thrust toward him, and he twisted to avoid it before closing on the wielder in the blink of an eye.</p>

      <p>“Ah—”</p>

      <p>A short scream escaped the man’s mouth in the split second before Hiro cut him open from hip to shoulder. He picked up the dropped spear and hurled it toward another soldier who was nocking an arrow. The shaft passed clean through the man’s head, shattering his skull.</p>

      <p>“Let’s clear a path, shall we?”</p>

      <p>As the words left Hiro’s lips, the imperial cavalry caught up. They slammed into the enemy forces, sending them flying. The wall of bodies before him crumbled in an instant. Horseshoes crushed screams into the muck, spearpoints drew forth cries of pain, blood rained down from the sky.</p>

      <p>Hiro strode ahead over a carpet of corpses. His advance was regal, sparing the foe not a glance as he dispassionately cut them down.</p>

      <p>“There are more of them than I expected.”</p>

      <p>The enemy core had deployed troops to the rear, as though they had been anticipating a surprise attack. The cavalry continued to sow chaos, but as the enemy numbers grew, more and more found themselves dragged from their horses. Even so, they carried on, believing in victory. With weapons in hand and shields held high, they fought for their families. They would not yield until their lives were spent.</p>

      <p>“Forgive me.”</p>

      <p>Hiro looked on with a faint smile on his lips. An apology was all he could offer. There were no limits to human greed, and goodwill was easily tainted by ill intent.</p>

      <p>“And I’m no better.”</p>

      <p>He faced the oncoming enemy horde and brandished Excalibur. That motion alone projected a terror no ordinary man could withstand. He beckoned his foes to death before they could scream, before they could suffer, before they even knew what had occurred.</p>

      <p>An unparalleled danse macabre unfolded on the field. Blackness blotted out the world. Life, death, even light itself guttered out before the dark.</p>

      <p>“The Desperation...” someone whispered fearfully. It was impossible to tell whom. All of the soldiers in Hiro’s vicinity had perished to a man.</p>

      <p>Hiro shot the remaining enemies a glare, and they stepped back. He let loose a blast of power to keep them cowed, then rested Excalibur on his shoulders and cast his gaze over his allies.</p>

      <p>“To me, soldiers of the empire! It is too early to—”</p>

      <p>An impact to his back forcibly cut him off. A roar shook his eardrums, as though he were caught in a rainstorm. There was no pain—the Black Camellia had shielded him from the threat—but the suddenness of the blow caused him to stumble forward.</p>

      <p>“I see. So this is where you’re going to do it.” Although physically unharmed, Hiro brought a hand to his chest in anguish as he looked around. “I knew this was coming...but that doesn’t make it any easier.”</p>

      <p>His former allies had joined his enemies in leveling their spears at him. One by one, the black dragon banners were torn from their standards and cast to the ground. Serpents danced against the sky in their place.</p>

      <p>A sharper hostility flared behind him. “Forgive me, Your Highness, but I must take your head.”</p>

      <p>Hiro turned to face the voice. “I suppose it’s a formality at this point...but may I ask what you’re doing, Lord von Kirschia?”</p>

      <p>“I am truly sorry.”</p>

      <p>Anger flashed in Hiro’s eyes. “I didn’t ask for an apology. I asked for an explanation.”</p>

      <p>He stepped toward von Kirschia but found his path blocked. The soldiers around him thrust their spears forward. A flourish of Excalibur knocked the lethal points aside with ease. He picked up a spear with his left hand and sliced open the carotid artery of the soldier in front of him before thrusting the haft at the man behind, shattering his jaw. Dust whipped up about him as he spun the weapon around, sending heads flying. Finally, he flung it away, splattering gore across the ground where it landed.</p>

      <p>“Sit quiet and wait your turn,” he ordered the surrounding traitors. His mouth pulled into a crescent smile as he set a finger to his lips. The motion was slight, but it was enough to make the men stiffen in place.</p>

      <p>“Now then, Lord von Kirschia. You were about to explain yourself.”</p>

      <p>Von Kirschia fell to his knees in terror, his mouth parting into a broken smile as though he had forgotten how to express any other emotion. “Forgive me, Your Highness! Forgive me! I had no choice!”</p>

      <p>“That’s not what I want to hear. I’m asking <em>why</em> you did this.”</p>

      <p>“For my people, Your Highness! They took my people hostage!” Von Kirschia, a grown man, wept openly in front of a boy young enough to be his son. His eyes pleaded for absolution. With his back bent low, he looked pathetically small.</p>

      <p>“So that was why you told me about Orlean. To gain my trust.”</p>

      <p>“Forgive me, Your Highness! I know that it was wrong!” He ground his forehead against the earth.</p>

      <p>Hiro shot him a cold glance and turned away. “I knew, you know. From the start, I knew you were in bed with Six Kingdoms.”</p>

      <p>“You...what?”</p>

      <p>“‘For my people,’ you said? How dare you lie to my face. You wanted to save yourself, that’s all.”</p>

      <p>He swung around. Excalibur flashed. Von Kirschia’s head flew from his shoulders, trailing a ribbon of blood.</p>

      <p>“But you’ve served your purpose. I kept you alive for the sake of this moment.”</p>

      <p>He shot the head a single, frigid glare as it rolled away. As the sound of the world crumbling rose around him, he turned his eyes to the sky.</p>

      <p>“Save yourself, Your Highness! You must live on!”</p>

      <p>The remaining loyal troops were trying to break through the circle and help him escape, but it was costing them dearly. They fell one after another, their backs laid open, their chests run through, their arms lopped off.</p>

      <p>“Stand firm, men!” someone cried among them. “Are you not children of the Grantzian Empire?! We offer turncoats no mercy but death!”</p>

      <p>Soldiers wept tears of blood as their curses vanished on the wind. One by one they fell to spear thrusts, but still they held their weapons high.</p>

      <p>“Oh, great Spirit King, strike down these traitors! Glory to the empire!”</p>

      <p>The traitors in question had chosen their course in order to save their own hides. If they showed the slightest hesitation, they would be killed on the spot. Both sides had no choice but to harden their hearts and cut down yesterday’s friends. Agonized cries echoed skyward. The screams of men slain by their former allies rang ceaselessly across the plain.</p>

      <p>Amidst the din, the cry of a creature with no place on the battlefield reached Hiro’s ears. His bitter smile turned into a dangerous scowl as he spun toward the noise. There was his swiftdrake, surrounded by enemy troops.</p>

      <p>“The beast’s a stubborn one! Hurry and finish it off!”</p>

      <p>Spearpoints stripped away its scales and bit deep into its flesh. Its cries of pain rose to the sky. The soldiers kicked it and wrestled it to the ground, where they continued to torment it.</p>

      <p>“Swiftdrakes are a rare breed. This hide’ll fetch good coin!”</p>

      <p>However, no matter how fiercely they beat it or how cruelly they kicked it, the swiftdrake struggled valiantly back to its feet.</p>

      <p>“We’d be better off keeping it for ourselves. Still, makes you wonder how a beast like this ended up on the field in the first place...”</p>

      <p>“Just don’t let it get away! Stick it good! Anything with that many teeth needs to be put down before it can use them!”</p>

      <p>There was a cold kind of sense to their words, but even so, a human being could only bear so much.</p>

      <p>“The scum of the world should know its place.”</p>

      <p>Hiro surged forward, his mind boiling with white-hot anger. A dark, stagnant aura billowed from his every pore.</p>

      <p>“Don’t you dare lay a finger on my kin.”</p>

      <p>He sent the head of the man pinning down the swiftdrake’s neck flying with a single swing before rounding on the rest of the soldiers. None who had touched the beast’s hide lived to tell the tale. None who had scorned it or spat on it received any mercy. He clove their heads from their bodies before turning on those around them, curing them down to a man. At last, the swiftdrake stood alone in the center of a world of blood.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry.” Hiro stepped toward it. “I should have come sooner.”</p>

      <p>He laid a hand on the beast’s neck, and it nuzzled his chest. He smiled. It—no, <em>she</em>—had always been loyal to a fault.</p>

      <p>“I’ll be all right. Go on. Get out of here.” He patted her neck one more time and stepped reluctantly back, retrieving the banner slung along her flank as he did. “With your legs, you’ll have no trouble getting away.”</p>

      <p>He flashed the animal a small smile before producing a letter from his pocket, which he slipped into the saddle.</p>

      <p>“Take that to Liz for me, would you?”</p>

      <p>The swiftdrake cocked her head with a plaintive whine. He could tell from her eyes that she wanted nothing more than to stay with him.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about me. I’ll be all right.” He brought the beast’s head close and laid his forehead against it. “I’ll be right behind you. Wait for me with Liz, okay?”</p>

      <p>His voice was gentle, and for once, his smile looked no different than that of any boy his age. He drew back from the swiftdrake and she set off, accepting his will. A short distance away, she stopped and looked back, crooning softly. The sound was low and sad, like a final goodbye. Hiro didn’t let his smile falter as he waved back.</p>

      <p>Few could stop a swiftdrake running at full speed. So long as she focused only on escaping, she would have little trouble fleeing the battlefield unharmed. Her flight made for a beautiful sight. Soldiers stopped and stared as she streaked across the plain, forgetting for a moment the weapons in their hands.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for waiting.”</p>

      <p>Hiro readied Excalibur, planting his standard in the ground. The sight of the black dragon fluttering in the wind was nothing short of majestic. The banner might only have been cloth, but it still caused the enemy to shrink back, overawed.</p>

      <p>He looked around. Only foes and former allies were left within his field of view, but if he strained his ears, he could still hear the clashing of steel. Somewhere, pockets of loyal soldiers were continuing to hold out, although the sound grew fainter with every breath.</p>

      <p>He heaved a sigh. “Well, I suppose we should get started. Just remember—you asked for this.”</p>

      <p>With a snap of his fingers, the air around him began to distort. Brilliant light spilled forth as tears appeared. Such was the privilege of Excalibur’s chosen. A dizzying number of spirit weapons filled the sky, a million stars newly born upon the earth. Although the sun was high, the budding night sky rivaled it for splendor.</p>

      <p>“I hope you’re prepared.”</p>

      <p>The words had the air of a death sentence. Fear colored the enemy soldiers’ expressions. If Hiro had been any other teenage boy, they would have laughed in his face, but even they could sense the abnormal power he projected. For the briefest of moments, he showed them a glimpse of a god’s strength and a devil’s brutality.</p>

      <p>“Try not to make any sudden movements,” he said. “You wouldn’t want to suffer before you die.”</p>

      <p>And then he disappeared.</p>

      <p>In that moment, the battlefield fell silent, as though all sound had vanished from the world. The soldiers stared at the black dragon standard, bewildered, as though they had forgotten how to breathe.</p>

      <p>“What the... What’s he—”</p>

      <p>It came without warning. A soldier abruptly fell to the ground as though his legs had given out. One became two became five became ten became twenty. In the span of an instant, the number of victims multiplied exponentially. The darkness claimed them before they could even comprehend what had occurred.</p>

      <p>“Gyaaaaaahhh!”</p>

      <p>Their descent into terror and the breaking of their minds was simultaneous. They threw down their weapons and fled in confusion, not even knowing where they were running to. More slumped to the ground even as they ran. Those who bowed down and prayed to their gods had their throats laid open; those who turned tail and fled were speared through the heart; those who mustered enough courage to stand and fight had their heads lopped off without mercy.</p>

      <p>“It’s Cornix...” one of the Six Kingdoms soldiers whispered. “The herald of the end—”</p>

      <p>A glimmer of silver passed beneath his chin. His head rolled from his shoulders, blood spraying from the stump.</p>

      <p>The spirit weapons floating in midair began to vanish with frightful speed—one, three, eight, fourteen. All that remained of them was the whistling of wind drifting across a scene of indiscriminate slaughter. White streaks scored deep into the soldiers’ flesh, stifling their screams in their throats. The barrage of slashes knew no cessation, only increasing in speed. Such was the privilege of Excalibur’s chosen, the power of its Graal: Lucifer.</p>

      <p>Divine Lightning—Liegegrazalt.</p>

      <p>The heavens fell, and the world was gleaming silver. A blinding light, white and searing, consumed all.</p>

      <p>When the deed was done, corpses carpeted the earth. Not one living soul remained to quip or joke. The soil was stained with the blood of the dead, like a sun swallowed by cloud, and a black dragon standard stood alone, fluttering gracefully in the middle of the hellish tableau.</p>

      <p>“That should about do it.”</p>

      <p>Hiro came to a quiet stop beneath the flag. Bodies surrounded him. The enemy soldiers eyed him from afar, inching closer with weapons in hand. Their eyes were filled with fear, but none fled. They mustered their courage and forced themselves onward.</p>

      <p>“What a magnificent showing! Truly, you do not disappoint.”</p>

      <p>A lilting voice filtered through the ranks, and the horde of soldiers parted like a wave. A woman stepped forth, applauding as she came.</p>

      <p>“And you make not a move to conceal your strength! Bravo, I say, bravo!”</p>

      <p>Her pale skin was as smooth as spun glass, and her amber eyes had the cold gleam of burnished copper. Her angular lashes gave her a steely edge, but she was by no means lacking in allure—her dignified figure had surely drawn sighs of admiration from many a throat. Yet what stood out most was her attire: a garish affair wholly unsuited to the horrors of battle. With no armor to protect her from blades or arrows, it would have been a mark of insanity on anyone else. Her willowy frame looked like it would snap at the slightest blow. She seemed for all the world a noblewoman who had strayed onto the field.</p>

      <p><em>There must be more to her than meets the eye. Some hidden power, perhaps...</em></p>

      <p>Hiro breathed a sigh of relief. Here, at last, was the enemy commander.</p>

      <p>“You may call me Lucia Levia du Anguis.” Her lips drew into the lascivious smile of a serpent as she leveled her fan at him. “And you are Hiro, I take it? The scion of Mars?”</p>

      <p>“Imperious” perhaps suited her best. Her voice did not waver even in Hiro’s dreadful presence. Indeed, with her dauntless grin, she seemed entirely at ease.</p>

      <p>“I am. Hiro Schwartz von Grantz.”</p>

      <p>“I have dearly hoped to meet you. So very, very dearly.” Her tongue moistened her lips as a beguiling smile spread across her face, as ominous as a snake that had caught sight of its prey.</p>

      <p>“What a coincidence. I’ve been wanting to meet you too.”</p>

      <p>“My, what hostility. Look at me with such murder in your eyes and I might just burst into tears.” Lucia’s cheeks flushed pink and her breathing grew ragged. She wrapped her arms around herself in delight.</p>

      <p>“And with a woman as beautiful as you gazing into mine, I just might freeze up.”</p>

      <p>“Like a serpent with a mouse, perchance? And I feared you would be impervious to my charms.”</p>

      <p>Their exchange was oddly flippant as they stared at one another, each trying to divine the other’s intent.</p>

      <p>“I must say, you did not hesitate in cutting down Lord von Kirschia’s boy.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t show mercy to traitors. No matter their reasons.”</p>

      <p>“I had heard tell that you were as cold as ice, and it seems that is true.”</p>

      <p>“He claimed that he didn’t care about his family; he just wanted to save his people. I wouldn’t have minded letting him live, really, but then I saw the lie in his eyes.”</p>

      <p>Von Kirschia had not acted out of fear for his subjects. His had been the eyes of a man concerned solely with saving his own skin. There was no sense in leaving somebody like that alive. Indeed, the world of the future would be better off with him dead.</p>

      <p>“You preach righteousness,” Lucia remarked, “and yet you act with cruelty.”</p>

      <p>“I just don’t want to risk being left with regrets.”</p>

      <p>“Then you are wise, and decisive too. I have a liking for such men.” Her gaze lingered on Hiro as though sizing him up. A faint chill ran up his spine, and she chuckled at his discomfort. “Do you recall the Venerable Master?”</p>

      <p>Hiro’s shoulders twitched. Of course he did. Shortly after his original arrival in Aletia, the Venerable Master had taken him under his wing like a kindly grandfather and taught him much about the world. In time, the old man had become a member of the Black Hand. Hiro could not have forgotten him if he had tried. He frowned at the question.</p>

      <p>A triumphant grin spread across Lucia’s face. “Few would know that name in this day and age. You must truly be the War God in the flesh.”</p>

      <p>“What if I am?”</p>

      <p>“Then I ask you—will you not join me?”</p>

      <p>That, Hiro had not expected. He floundered for a response.</p>

      <p>Seeing his hesitation, Lucia held out a hand, her expression soft. “Surely you know the truth of things. The truth of Six Kingdoms’ founding. By all rights, you ought to stand with us.”</p>

      <p>“And what if I turn you down?”</p>

      <p>“Then I shall take your head.” Lucia did not hesitate for a millisecond. “With apologies to my great ancestor, I would have no choice.”</p>

      <p>“Then it looks like we’re fighting. I’ll never forsake the empire.” With an apologetic smile, Hiro readied Excalibur.</p>

      <p>“As I should have known. Forgive my offer. ’Twas boorish of me.” Lucia’s voice sounded sincere; she seemed to genuinely respect his position. She lowered her eyes, as if ashamed of her own words, and raised her fan over her mouth. “I trust there is naught more to be said?”</p>

      <p>“So it seems. Shall we get started?”</p>

      <p>“You face thirty thousand men. I bid you struggle to the last, and when you fall, leave behind a death worthy of the War God.”</p>

      <p>As Lucia thrust her fan out toward Hiro, two figures leaped forward from behind her back.</p>

      <p>“Took you long enough, Your Majesty! I was startin’ to think you weren’t gonna call us!”</p>

      <p>“Watch your tongue, Igel, or you’ll bite it off.”</p>

      <p>The man and woman made an odd pair, but Hiro could tell at a glance that they were skilled warriors. He met them with full force.</p>

      <p>“Well, well,” he murmured. “What do we have here?”</p>

      <p>“Look at that!” the man shouted back. “The brat’s tougher than he looks!”</p>

      <p>“And you’re loud for an insect.” Hiro raised Excalibur above his head to catch the man’s weapon. A tremendous impact echoed down the blade. The ground broke first, buckling beneath his feet to form a steep crater. As dust flew skyward, he leaped back to gain some distance.</p>

      <p>The woman’s voice sounded behind him. “That’s far enough, I think.”</p>

      <p>He immediately passed his sword behind his back from his right hand to the left and raised it vertically. Bracing his right hand against the blade gave him just enough stability to weather the incoming attack. Still, he could not nullify its momentum entirely, and the blow sent him bouncing across the ground. He sprang back to his feet to see the pair rounding on him, brandishing their weapons.</p>

      <p>“You may call me Luka Mammon du Vulpes. The honor is mine, I’m sure.” The woman bent at the waist in a formal bow, offering a glimpse of a shrewd and twisted character. In spite of her slender build, she wielded an enormous war hammer.</p>

      <p>“And I’m Igel du Vulpes—the man who’s going to end your life!” Her counterpart was short-haired and handsome, but his looks were put to waste by an overpowering arrogance that he made no effort to hide. He wielded a three-section staff emitting curious motes of light, which he carried slung over his shoulder. Both he and his sister radiated the auras of veteran fighters.</p>

      <p>“I’m Hiro Schwartz von Grantz.”</p>

      <p>Hiro braced his foot against the ground and surged forward. First, he would test them. He swung Excalibur without too much force, just enough to gauge their strength.</p>

      <p>“Hah! Too slow!”</p>

      <p>The three-section staff lashed out like a living creature, its joints whistling, and knocked the Heavenly Sovereign away. The air screamed as the greathammer swung in from the side. Hiro kicked up a cloud of dirt, then, seeing that he had disrupted its arc, thrust his gleaming sword into the swirling dust. A dull impact rang up his arm, telling him that Luka had blocked the strike. He pivoted on his right leg and lashed out with his left, driving his heel cleanly into Igel’s cheek.</p>

      <p>“Urgh!”</p>

      <p>With a cry, Igel tumbled away. Hiro spared him only a glance before stepping in and striking with his hand.</p>

      <p>“Ngh!”</p>

      <p>The heel of his palm connected with Luka’s chin as she closed on him, snapping her head upward. She staggered back, reeling. He had struck with the intention of breaking her jaw, but it seemed she was hardier than she looked.</p>

      <p>“Those wouldn’t happen to be Noble Blades, would they?”</p>

      <p>Hiro had no memory of the weapons the pair bore, but if they could keep up with his attacks, they could only be Noble Blades like Excalibur. A pure-blooded zlosta like Garda could have kept pace with lesser arms, but the blood of Six Kingdoms had grown so mixed that any of its people were almost certainly mostly human.</p>

      <p>“Consider me impressed.” Luka was the one to reply. “As you say, this is one of the Dharmic Blades—Vajra, the Adamant Hammer. Igel’s is Saranga, the Purging Staff, of the same.”</p>

      <p>The Dharmic Blades were five treasure blades created in the days when humans and álfar had still been on friendly terms. Each contained the soul of an auf, granting them their own wills much like the Spiritblade Sovereigns, but they originated from the Faerie King rather than the Spirit King. Unlike the other Noble Blades, they had little preference in who they chose as their master, and were said to appear in the dreams of those who earned their favor to grant them great power.</p>

      <p><em>I should have taken the time to learn more about them.</em></p>

      <p>Hiro had only known one of the wielders of the Dharmic Blades—the chosen of Sudarshana—during his time as Schwartz. The others, much like the other wielders of the Noble Blades, had been scattered throughout the world resisting the zlosta expansion. Relations between the humans and the álfar had soured during the twilight of the war, so he had never gotten the chance to meet them.</p>

      <p>Luka cocked her head. “And is that sword of yours another of the Noble Blades?”</p>

      <p>Igel, for his part, peered curiously at the Black Camellia, but seemed to think better of asking about it. He only stared, his eyes boring into Hiro.</p>

      <p>There was no reason to hide the truth. The time for deception was over.</p>

      <p>“It’s one of the Spiritblade Sovereigns. The Heavenly Sovereign.”</p>

      <p>“Truly?” More surprised than either of the Vulpes siblings was the woman watching from behind them—Lucia. She covered her mouth with a hand, as though embarrassed by her own astonishment. “Indeed, they say no blood shall ever stain its steel, no matter how many foes it butchers...”</p>

      <p>A blade of gleaming silver was the mark of a hero. By that regal steel had a doomed kingdom been saved and its neighbors conquered. Yet after its legend was made, the sword had vanished in the mists of time and was now thought lost to history.</p>

      <p>“‘To the king blessed with twinned black, commander of all creation, there came a mighty sword, and it knew no defeat, bringing only victory assured.’” Lucia chuckled. “I had my suspicions...but now I know that our triumph is certain.”</p>

      <p>Hiro saw her shoot Igel a glance, but before he could wonder what they were planning, Luka was hurtling toward him.</p>

      <p>“Ngh!” he grunted.</p>

      <p>“Show me your strength!” she cried. “The strength of the Hero King’s blade!”</p>

      <p>Her greathammer—Vajra—screamed through the air as it approached. Hiro deflected the blow, but the impact left an odd sensation lingering in his fingers. Before he could ponder its nature, however, Igel was upon him.</p>

      <p>“Can’t be easy, huh? Going up against two Dharmic Blades!”</p>

      <p>The erratic motions of the three-section staff coalesced into a strike at Hiro’s cheek.</p>

      <p>“Sorry to disappoint, but I can see every move you make.”</p>

      <p>He ducked out of the way of the blow and drove his fist into Igel’s nose. Igel flew away, bouncing across the ground. He stretched out his arms and brought himself to a halt. When he rose and looked back, his face was colored with fury.</p>

      <p>“Won’t even deign to use your sword, huh? Start trying already!”</p>

      <p>“Try? This is just a game to me.” The air froze with Hiro’s declaration. He gave a small shrug and cocked his head. “But that does make me want to ask you something.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“Why should I bring all my strength to bear just to crush an ant?”</p>

      <p>Stillness, dead air, incredulity, repudiation. The silence that fell between them was beyond what words could describe.</p>

      <p>“Aha...ha ha...” A mask seemed to fall from Igel’s face, leaving behind something twisted beyond recognition. “Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! You are <em>SO</em> FUCKING DEAD!”</p>

      <p>What issued from him was nothing so kind as hostility. He exploded with rage that was outright murderous.</p>

      <p>Hiro only narrowed his eyes, flashing the man a mocking smile. “I’m sorry, I didn’t quite catch that.”</p>

      <p>“DIE!”</p>

      <p>Igel closed the gap instantly. He was inches from Hiro’s nose in a heartbeat. Hiro ducked low beneath a blow coming for the back of his head and batted back the knee that lashed reactively up toward his face. Igel let the leg buckle, raking at Hiro’s left eye with an upward swipe, but Hiro struck the ground with his fist, forcing himself out of the way.</p>

      <p>The move worked, with only a second to spare—in the corner of his eye, Luka’s greathammer crashed down in the space he had occupied. He aimed a kick at her ankle, but before it could land, he felt the Black Camellia take a defensive posture and switched his attention to Igel. Saranga collided hard with the black mantle.</p>

      <p>The shock waves of the battle whipped up a cloud of dust. Sparks bloomed and scattered as the clashing of steel rang loud. As their contest reached its height, two figures flew from the haze—Luka and Igel. Shoulders heaving, covered in scrapes and bruises, they glared back at the beast lurking in the cloud. The wind cleared it away, revealing Hiro standing unharmed.</p>

      <p>“Is that all?” He smiled. His breathing was a little labored, but that was all.</p>

      <p>The Vulpes siblings’ lips pressed together tightly with frustration at the show of martial skill.</p>

      <p>“Two of us and one of him, yet not a single blow came near...” The corners of Luka’s eyes twitched in undisguised astonishment. “Is he truly human, or is he a monster indeed?”</p>

      <p>Always the same words, every time Hiro’s enemies felt the wall against their backs. Could anyone blame him for growing bored? He heaved an exasperated sigh. “I’m only human. Just a little sturdier than most.”</p>

      <p>One thousand years ago, he had resolved to push himself harder than anybody else. His need to protect those he cared about spurred him to train himself half to death. He had striven desperately in search of power—and found it. The Black Camellia and Dáinsleif had come to him as a result of that aspiration, not because of any underhanded trickery. It was the desire to be the strongest that had made him who he was.</p>

      <p>“But still, I was always just a little too late. I always lose everything I hold dear.” Hiro’s voice was flat and low as his lips drew into a ghastly smile. “So tell me...when will this withered heart be sated?”</p>

      <p>His expression sought no answer, but it confused the Vulpes siblings. They hesitated for a crucial moment, knocked off-balance as much by the change in Hiro’s demeanor as the question. Hiro lunged at them, wreathed in madness and with the speed of a feral beast.</p>

      <p>“Ngh!”</p>

      <p>Blood sprayed from Igel’s mouth as a vicious blow took him across the cheek. White teeth scattered across the ground. Luka tried to riposte, but a savage kick caught her square in the abdomen. She fell to her knees, clutching her stomach. Hiro gave her no reprieve; he drew her close by the fabric across her chest and slammed her into the ground. The breath burst from her lungs. Pinning her slender neck down with his left hand, Hiro deftly flipped Excalibur around in his right and drove it down toward her chest.</p>

      <p>Inches from bare skin, the blade glanced away, its arc knocked askew. It drew blood from Luka’s cheek as it sank into the ground next to her head. Saranga’s intervention had knocked it aside.</p>

      <p>“No one lays a hand on my sister!” Igel bellowed.</p>

      <p>Hiro tensed his legs and leaped backward. The Vulpes siblings took their chance to retreat and regroup, cautious now they realized that they were at a disadvantage.</p>

      <p>“Why bother keeping this up?” Igel wiped a glob of bloody spit from the corner of his mouth. “No one’s coming to save you.”</p>

      <p>Luka said nothing, but she stared at Hiro with burning hatred as she caught her breath.</p>

      <p>“I suppose you’re right.”</p>

      <p>Hiro looked around. He could make out no allies, only a ring of enemy soldiers with spears, swords, and bows. The metallic clangor of desperate resistance had grown silent now. With Lord von Kirschia’s betrayal, he may as well never have had any friends at all. But even so...</p>

      <p>“That’s no reason for me to give in.”</p>

      <p>The situation was hopeless. Any ordinary man would have resigned himself to his fate. But Hiro was not equipped with such weak faculties.</p>

      <p>Igel snarled with undisguised annoyance. “Cocky little shit, aren’t you? Figure you’ve got some way of escaping this death trap?”</p>

      <p>Hiro’s demeanor seemed to have rubbed the man the wrong way. The battle was over—the imperial forces had no strength left with which to turn the tables—but even with enemies on all sides, Hiro remained unflappable. If the unease in Igel’s fierce gaze was anything to go by, the man still suspected some kind of trick.</p>

      <p><em>He’s on the brink. Just one more push. One more hint of weakness.</em></p>

      <p>Hiro loosened his collar and breathed a sigh. He had been goading the enemy constantly, taking care all the while not to reveal his true intentions; now it was time for the finishing touch.</p>

      <p>“Death trap?” He took one step backward and cast a glance behind him. “Without an army slowing me down, I can get away anytime I like.”</p>

      <p>“You’re not going anywhere!”</p>

      <p>Igel lunged forward, a vein throbbing in his forehead. Repeated provocations and now the threat of his prey getting away provoked him into charging with wild abandon. The blow was heavy enough to echo through Hiro’s innards, but he managed to block it. At the same time, he cast a glance at Igel’s left hand. There lay a blue crystal, scattering azure light as it caught the sun’s rays.</p>

      <p>Such crystals were concentrated masses of dharmic energy and were hence known as dharmastones. They harbored the miraculous power particular to the álfar. If the manastones that grew on the bodies of the zlosta stood for domination, the dharmastones that grew on the bodies of the álfar stood for healing; indeed, the smaller cuts and scrapes crisscrossing Igel’s body had already sealed. He was certainly not a pure álf, but many álfar had lived in Klym since before Six Kingdoms’ founding. Their blood ran thick in his veins—and the same was true of his sister.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for waiting, Igel. Now we can crush him as he deserves.”</p>

      <p>As Hiro ducked between Igel’s attacks, Luka charged into the opening, brandishing her greathammer. Her skin was once more pale, lustrous, and unblemished. There was a thunderous crash as Vajra shattered the ground. A squall whipped up around her, raising a plume of dust that shielded her from view, but it was clear that her wounds, too, had healed.</p>

      <p>“Now that’s what I’d expect from wielders of the Dharmic Blades. It would have been boring if you’d gone down too easily.”</p>

      <p>“Keep talking, you loudmouthed brat! You won’t find it so funny when I break your jaw!”</p>

      <p>Their attacks were fruitless, their attempts to hit him futile—and they grew all the more frustrated for it.</p>

      <p><em>It’s about time, I think.</em></p>

      <p>Hiro slashed the cloud of dust aside and closed on Igel with Excalibur held low. All at once, he was within killing range. Igel’s confident front crumbled in an instant. He cast a tearful glance at his sister, his eyes screaming that he didn’t want to die.</p>

      <p>“No—”</p>

      <p>But Luka’s plea for mercy came too late.</p>

      <p><em>Smack.</em> The soft sound echoed across the battlefield.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>A dumbfounded noise escaped Igel’s mouth. There was no pain. His head was still attached. With eyes wide open, he raised a hand to the small red mark on his forehead.</p>

      <p>“Life flash before your eyes?” Hiro’s voice dripped with amusement. He held up his left hand with his middle finger curled. Instead of landing a killing blow, he had flicked Igel in the forehead.</p>

      <p>“What in the hell...”</p>

      <p>“I told you, didn’t I?” Hiro donned his most mocking, most arrogant smile. “This is all just a game to me.”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh... Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!” Igel’s eyes bulged and his voice grew strained. The shame had broken him utterly. “GRAAAAAAAAAHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>As his anger burgeoned, his dharmastone began to glow with a dazzling light.</p>

      <p>Hiro narrowed his eyes against the glare. “At last...”</p>

      <p>An immense torrent of power poured from the crystal like a swirling vortex.</p>

      <p>“The rest is up to you, sis!” Igel shouted. He spun to face Lucia, who, as ever, was watching in silence. “And you! You’d better keep your word!”</p>

      <p>No sooner had the words left his mouth than he charged wildly at Hiro. His three-section staff traced a wild arc through the air as it soared toward his target’s head.</p>

      <p>Hiro dodged the first attack with a twist of his neck and blocked the second with Excalibur’s hilt. As the staff glanced away, the connecting chain wrapped around his right arm and seized hold of his forearm like a vice, dragging him forward with incredible force. Immediately, he passed Excalibur from his right arm to his left and thrust it at Igel, but where the point had been intended to spear the man’s neck, it only sliced through his cheek.</p>

      <p>Delight filled Igel’s face as he saw that he had evaded the blow. At the same time, a scythe-like blade sprang from the staff in his hands. He braced his foot against the ground and unleashed a furious slash.</p>

      <p>“Got you now, you brat!”</p>

      <p>Hiro scowled. With his right arm trapped, he couldn’t move away, and he had no time to dodge. Sensing that its master was in danger, the Black Camellia stirred. The tangling folds of its black cloth stopped the blade inches from Hiro’s neck. Igel froze in astonishment. His hesitation hardly lasted the span of a breath, but it was enough.</p>

      <p>“You’re wide open.”</p>

      <p>Hiro did not miss his chance. Excalibur’s glittering blade bit mercilessly into Igel’s flesh. The man’s left arm sailed high, painting the sky red.</p>

      <p>“You think that’ll stop me?!” Igel roared.</p>

      <p>With his face contorted into a vision of rage, he dragged Hiro close with his right arm alone and unleashed a vicious headbutt. Their skulls cracked together. Hiro’s vision rocked. Still, he was not content to remain passive.</p>

      <p>“You little <em>shit!</em>” Blood sprayed from Igel’s mouth as Excalibur stabbed deep into his side. His face contorted in agony. With a demon’s visage, he retaliated with a rain of blows, paying no mind to the sword lodged deep in his flesh. Marshaling his inexhaustible power, he swung his three-section staff at Hiro’s head.</p>

      <p>Hiro made no move to evade, trusting the Black Camellia to protect him.</p>

      <p>“Think that’ll stop me, huh? You think I don’t know the Black Camellia’s tricks?!” Igel’s eyes shone fiercely, as though he had been waiting for Hiro’s garb to spring into action. “Give me back my arm!”</p>

      <p>He flung Saranga away and tackled Hiro, knocking him to the ground and straddling him. As he did, his left arm fell from the sky.</p>

      <p>“You wanna eat something, do you? How about this?!”</p>

      <p>Igel snatched his own limb from the air, blood still flowing from its severed stump, and thrust it squarely into the Black Camellia. The effect was immediate. The garment’s motions ceased and it fell limply to the ground.</p>

      <p>“Looks like there’s somethin’ to those legends after all!” Igel’s remaining fist drove hard into Hiro’s face. “If your Black Camellia’s really made of what they say, it stands to reason that a dharmastone can seal it!”</p>

      <p>Again and again, the punches fell. Hiro lay on the ground with his limbs sprawled out, powerless to defend himself from the rain of blows.</p>

      <p>“I’m gonna take my sweet time killing you! You’ve caused us enough disgrace—”</p>

      <p>Igel seized up like a deer in the headlights. In the split second before he swung his fist down, he had caught a glimpse of Hiro’s face—of the ghoulish smile on his lips, and of the all-devouring abyss in his eyes.</p>

      <p>“That’s all? I expected more.”</p>

      <p>“Nnngh?!”</p>

      <p>Hiro’s fist only struck once, but it carried extraordinary force. Igel’s muscular body sailed through the air. The man twisted nimbly in midair and landed gracefully, but after a moment, he listed sideways. It was hard to fault him. With blood pouring from the severed stump of his arm and a deep gash in his side, it was a wonder that he was even still conscious. Even so, he showed every intention of continuing to fight.</p>

      <p>“Stand back, Igel. I will take things from here.”</p>

      <p>Vajra cracked the ground, its colossal size belying its wielder’s slender frame. Luka hefted it like a toy and closed the distance in a flash. Hiro tried to take a step out of the way, but—</p>

      <p>“Perhaps that worked a little <em>too</em> well...”</p>

      <p>His legs wouldn’t—couldn’t—move. The Black Camellia was unresponsive, fallen entirely silent. A beat passed, and then a pulverizing impact blasted through his body.</p>

      <p>“Gah!”</p>

      <p>With no defense to negate its momentum, the blow sent Hiro bouncing away. When he finally came to a stop, he tried to get to his feet, but his body felt as heavy as lead.</p>

      <p>“Your Black Camellia has absorbed my brother’s dharmastone,” Luka said, “and what affects the garment affects the wearer. You could annul your contract, of course...but that isn’t easily done, is it?”</p>

      <p>Hiro snorted.</p>

      <p>“Does something amuse you?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing at all.” He raised his eyes to look at her. “Only, I figure we’re finally evenly matched.”</p>

      <p>The corners of Luka’s mouth twitched. “You shall eat those words before I’m through!”</p>

      <p>A brutal kick to Hiro’s side sent him tumbling across the ground. He used the momentum to rise to his feet, but at once, Luka was upon him.</p>

      <p>“I will leave your head intact,” she cried, “but I’ll spray your guts across the field!” Her eyes gleamed with delight as she pictured the gruesome spectacle.</p>

      <p>Vajra swung down toward Hiro’s head. He tried to dart out of the way, but he wasn’t fast enough. A tearing sound split the air. Agony coursed through him, as though his own body was being ripped apart. Before he could process what any of that signified, however, Igel lunged in from the sidelines.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha! Take this!”</p>

      <p>The world flickered. Hiro’s eardrums seemed to fill with static. Still, his mind remained lucid. Mentally plotting out his next move, he tried to brace his hand against the ground—and found that he couldn’t.</p>

      <p>“Ah...”</p>

      <p>There was nothing there. His movements felt restricted, like there was a hole where something should have been. He looked down at his right arm with empty eyes, trying to compute what was missing, only to see that it had been torn off at the shoulder.</p>

      <p>“DIEEEEEEEEE!!!”</p>

      <p>A savage blow knocked his head skyward. A sickening noise rang through his skull, like his jaw had been crushed to powder. It sounded like the end of the world.</p>

      <p>“Ah...”</p>

      <p>Blue sky above. Cerulean. Ultramarine. All at once stained red. A droplet of something warm and wet smacked against his cheek. His own black-clothed arm came tumbling from the heavens.</p>

      <p>“How’d you like that, huh? Shouldn’t have gotten sloppy!”</p>

      <p>A man celebrated his triumph in a world dyed bloodred. So presumptuous was his joy, how could one not want to see him weep in despair? By his side, a woman breathed a sigh of relief—and her tears, too, would be delightful beyond compare.</p>

      <p>“Just one more...” Hiro did not even register the words passing through his lips. He struggled to rise, but to no avail.</p>

      <p>“Black Camellia weighing you down? And you’ve lost your sword arm too. Give it up. It’s over.” The grinning man landed a vicious kick in Hiro’s ribs, knocking him to the ground. “Now my sister’ll be queen, and I’ll be her right hand. And all we gotta do is take your head.”</p>

      <p>His breathing was ragged, like he was drunk on his own victory. The corners of his mouth drew up in uncontrollable glee.</p>

      <p>“Well, Mars? Got any last—”</p>

      <p><em>Snick.</em> A gruesome noise fell on Hiro’s eardrums. The warm wetness of gushing blood poured onto him from above. A moment passed, and then a dull thump, like a sandbag hitting the ground, resounded across the battlefield.</p>

      <p>His emotionless eyes flicked to the head rolling across the dirt. “You shouldn’t whisper in my ear like that. Now look at what you made me do.”</p>

      <p>There was a bear of silence, followed by a scream. Rage became grief and grief became voice, a haphazard patchwork of sound.</p>

      <p>“NOOOOOOOOO!!!”</p>

      <p>Hiro turned toward the source. Luka stood with both hands over her face, trying to avert her eyes from reality.</p>

      <p>“Pride always comes before a fall.” Hiro stood, his smile widening. “That advice might not be much good to a corpse...but perhaps he can put it to use in his next life.”</p>

      <p>Excalibur had vanished from his hand. In its place was Dáinsleif, shrouded in baleful darkness. The Black Camellia was still unresponsive, but the flow of blood from his shoulder had stemmed. His senses had dulled, but they were still sharp enough to do what needed to be done.</p>

      <p>“I’ll kill you... I’ll kill you!”</p>

      <p>An explosion rocked the earth. Hiro turned to look. Luka was glaring at him, her expression demonic. The ground gave out beneath her feet as her power swelled, sending a cloud of dust into the air.</p>

      <p>Hiro’s smile grew uncannily wide as he felt her rage crackle against his skin. “Give someone hope, show them despair, dangle one last glimpse of salvation before their eyes, then plunge them into the depths of hell.”</p>

      <p>That was how to empower a dharmastone. The process would make them more lustrous than any jewel, replete with curative potential—and the wielder of a Dharmic Blade would surely produce a dharmastone powerful beyond imagining.</p>

      <p>Hiro raised Dáinsleif. “Those are the conditions. And now you’ve fulfilled them too.”</p>

      <p>Luka lunged at him, her face twisted hideously. “Die, die, die, die die die DIE DIE DIIIIIIEEEEEE!!!”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>