<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Well...things happened.” Rosa averted her gaze, scratching her cheek awkwardly.</p>

      <p>Liz drew back, narrowing her eyes. “The head of House Muzuk told me what Hiro’s been up to.”</p>

      <p>“Did he? Then I suppose there’s no more need to hide it.” Rosa looked skyward, heaving an exhausted sigh. When she spoke again, her voice was flat and businesslike. “Everything you heard was true. Please believe me when I say I’m sorry I lied. You must understand, it was all to seat you on the throne.”</p>

      <p>“But why—” Liz rounded on her sister, but stopped as she saw Rosa holding out a letter. She frowned. “What’s this?”</p>

      <p>“It’s for you. My darling left it in my keeping.”</p>

      <p>With a choked gasp, Liz snatched the envelope.</p>

      <p>Rosa flashed a wry grin and looked around. “Is Garda not with you?” she asked, but Liz was too engrossed in the letter to hear. She smiled again, this time a little more strained than the last.</p>

      <p>Tris approached, overhearing the conversation. “The Crow Legion will arrive with the Fourth, my lady. House Muzuk’s men too.”</p>

      <p>“Oh?” Rosa’s eyebrow rose. “You persuaded them to lend us their troops?”</p>

      <p>“Aye, well enough. They’ll be in the capital inside of a week.”</p>

      <p>“Soldiers have been filtering in from the other territories too. Soon, we’ll be ready to strike back.”</p>

      <p>Rosa gave Liz a congratulatory pat on the head, but Liz was too absorbed in the letter to notice. Rosa withdrew her hand and pulled out a second letter.</p>

      <p>“I had hoped to give this to Garda sooner rather than later...” She trailed off with a shake of her head. No point in rushing things. “Oh, of course! You must be starvi— Hey!”</p>

      <p>Her lovely eyes flew wide as her words caught in her throat. Liz had vanished. She looked around frantically to see her sister about to climb back into the saddle.</p>

      <p>“Stop right there! Where do you think you’re going?!”</p>

      <p>For Rosa to raise her voice was rare enough, but that didn’t stop Liz from turning her horse about and setting off back down the street.</p>

      <p>“Sir Tarmier! Stop her!”</p>

      <p>“Aye, my lady! Hold, Your Highness!”</p>

      <p>The pair took off after Liz, but their legs were no match for a horse’s. The gap between them widened by the second. Rosa shouted after her sister as she ran, but Liz stubbornly ignored her.</p>

      <p>“Does she mean to ride west all by herself?! Curses... We have to stop her, by force if need be!”</p>

      <p>Rosa slowed to a halt with an irritated click of her tongue. Realizing that she wasn’t going to catch up, she mentally began making arrangements to send a unit of soldiers after her sister. Fortunately, that soon proved unnecessary.</p>

      <p>“Is that...Selene?”</p>

      <p>The second prince strode leisurely out in front of Liz’s galloping horse and spread his arms wide.</p>

      <p>The blood drained from Rosa’s face. “Does he mean to stop her? He’ll get himself killed!”</p>

      <p>Liz showed no sign of reducing her speed, and Selene seemed to have no intention of ceding the road. A premonition of tragedy flashed through Rosa’s mind, but there was no stopping it now. Even as she watched in horror, the distance between them was closing.</p>

      <p>The collision came. An enormous plume of dust rose up, obscuring the aftermath.</p>

      <p>“Liz! Selene!”</p>

      <p>As Rosa dashed in a panic toward the scene, a gust of wind blew the dust away. The sight it revealed was not what she had expected. Selene had not been ridden down. Quite the contrary—he was pinning Liz to the ground as she groaned in pain. Her riderless horse looked around in bemusement, whickering anxiously.</p>

      <p>Confusion flooded Rosa’s chest, but for the time being, all that mattered was that Liz had been stopped. She breathed a sigh of relief and walked toward the duo. As she came closer, snatches of their voices carried to her on the wind.</p>

      <p>“Forgive me for getting a little rough. I didn’t want to hurt your horse.”</p>

      <p>“Selene? But...why?”</p>

      <p>“I should be asking you the same thing. Now is the time to wait for the empire’s nobles to gather, not go charging off alone.”</p>

      <p>Liz strained to break free, but Selene didn’t budge an inch.</p>

      <p>“Why can’t I...?!”</p>

      <p>She looked dumbfounded, and with good reason. With her physical strength bolstered by Lævateinn’s Graal, Selene should have been no stronger than a baby to her, but no matter how hard she struggled, she couldn’t shake his grip.</p>

      <p>“Get off me! I have to go!”</p>

      <p>He smiled gently. “I’m sure you must be frustrated, but let’s calm down a little, shall we?”</p>

      <p>As Liz fixed him with a glare, she caught sight of Hiro’s letter fluttering in the wind. “How could I calm down?! Let me go!” Tears welled up in her eyes. She tried to hold them back, but it was no use. Hot, wet droplets trickled down her cheeks to seep into the earth. “Please... I’m begging you... I have to go west...”</p>

      <p>Selene’s eyes softened sadly as he watched his sister plead. “I fear I can’t do that. Otherwise, I would be letting his resolve go to waste.”</p>

      <p>“Good! I don’t care about his dumb resolve!”</p>

      <p>“I know you’re not in your right mind, so I’ll pretend I didn’t hear that. But at the moment, the best thing we can do—the only thing we can do—is bide our time until our forces are assembled.”</p>

      <p>“But if we sit here and do nothing, he’ll die! We can’t let him go through with this stupid scheme!”</p>

      <p>The rage radiating from Liz swelled in intensity. Strain began to show on Selene’s face as she grew stronger in his grip, but he kept her pressed against the ground with all his might.</p>

      <p>“Is that truly what his letter said?” he asked.</p>

      <p>Liz nodded hesitantly. At that moment, a shadow fell over the pair of them.</p>

      <p>“Liz...” Rosa said, leaning down to brush her sister’s cheek. “You must respect his decision.”</p>

      <p>“How can you say that?! Why didn’t you stop him?!”</p>

      <p>“Even if I could have, the capital would now be surrounded by two hundred thousand men.”</p>

      <p>Considering the speed of Six Kingdoms’ assault, it was hard to fault her claim. The capital falling under siege would have dramatically undermined its authority. Reinforcements arriving from other territories would have been left with nowhere to go, and the empire would have crumbled. Nobles would have turned traitor to defend their own interests and defected to other nations. Indeed, a recent investigation had uncovered connections between Six Kingdoms and many of the central nobles. Such ties had always existed through House Krone, but they had been strengthened by Stovell.</p>

      <p>“My darling rides forth to flush the traitors out,” Rosa explained. “They cannot be properly dealt with until they are forced out into the light. He hopes that if he shows them weakness, they will take the bait.”</p>

      <p>“But I still don’t understand why he has to do this himself.” Now that she had lost the will to fight back, Liz sat forlornly on the ground, released from Selene’s grip.</p>

      <p>“He is the best qualified. To the enemy, the War God’s scion presents an ideal opportunity to make their names. To the traitor nobles, he is a thorn in their side whom they cannot easily attack through political avenues. That is why he made himself bait.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not fair. It’s not right. He doesn’t have to do this.” Liz’s eyes were red and swollen.</p>

      <p>“I know. Believe me, I know, but all we can do now is trust his judgment.” Rosa wrapped an arm around her shoulders and drew her close. “Fear not. He will return alive, I know it. He’ll come sauntering back like he always does, just wait and see. Don’t place any stock in that letter. It’s nothing more than wicked mischief.” She sounded as though she was trying to convince herself just as much as Liz.</p>

      <p>Left on the sidelines, Selene watched their conversation. “Mischief?” He cocked his head and frowned at her choice of words, but quickly covered up the expression with a smile. “Return to your chambers and get some sleep. You’ve had a hard journey. You must be exhausted.”</p>

      <p>“He’s right,” Rosa added. “Go. Rest. We can speak later.”</p>

      <p>Liz headed off mutely toward the palace, ushered away by her sister. Her footsteps were heavy and uncertain, and she looked so frail that she might collapse at any moment. With a bow to Selene, Tris set off after them.</p>

      <p>The second prince waved as he watched the trio depart. “Something about this sticks in my throat...but what?” He cocked his head and racked his brains, but no answer was forthcoming. With a defeated sigh, he drew closer to Liz’s riderless horse. “Drix, are you there?”</p>

      <p>“I am, Your Highness.” Drix melted out of the beast’s shadow, having been concealed from sight behind its body.</p>

      <p>Selene did not seem especially surprised by the man’s presence. He patted the horse’s neck affectionately. “Have you received anything from Hiro?” he murmured, as though talking to himself.</p>

      <p>“A letter, Your Highness.”</p>

      <p>A brown envelope slid across the ground and came to rest at Selene’s feet. He stooped and palmed it under the guise of picking up the reins.</p>

      <p>“Does Uncle know of this?”</p>

      <p>Inside the envelope was a single sheet of paper, brief and to the point.</p>

      <p>“He is aware,” Drix replied. “I informed him myself.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? Then I assume he’s read the contents. He always has been a terrible snoop. Did he have anything to say?”</p>

      <p>The look of hesitation that crossed the other man’s face was brief but significant. “He sent word to all parties to set his plans in motion.”</p>

      <p>“That does sound like him, but... Hmm.” Selene cocked his head as he peered at Hiro’s letter. “How curious.”</p>

      <p>“May I ask what you mean, Your Highness? I saw nothing out of place myself.”</p>

      <p>“I can’t say for certain. Just a bad feeling, nothing more.” With a shrug, Selene began leading the horse back to the palace. “Now, I ought to see about meeting with my uncle. I worry that these schemes of his risk destabilizing the north.”</p>

      <p>“Surely he would never...”</p>

      <p>A threatening glance from Selene stopped the sentence dead. Drix stood bolt upright, forgetting entirely to keep himself hidden as the second prince’s right eye gleamed golden. In short order, his legs gave out and he collapsed onto his behind.</p>

      <p>“Wha...? Ghhk!”</p>

      <p>He began to squirm, clutching at his throat. His face reddened, as though he was struggling to breathe.</p>

      <p>“Do excuse my temper. But consider this a warning. The next time you get ahead of yourself, I really will kill you.”</p>

      <p>Selene gave Drix a friendly pat on the shoulder. The gesture seemed to release the man from his torment, and he hungrily gulped down air. Sweat poured from his forehead to soak into the ground.</p>

      <p>Selene set off walking, reading over Hiro’s letter again. A frown creased his brow. “‘All is one.’ If this is so, then Uncle must be...”</p>

      <p>The sun grew low and the wind blew bitterly, its edge cutting to the bone.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p><em>The Laryx Plains, in the northwest of the western territories</em></p>

      <p>The world was shrouded in darkness. Clouds covered the sky, blotting out the twinkling of the stars. The moon’s light did not reach the ground, leaving only a chill wind to color the night.</p>

      <p>Hiro’s camp traced out a circle on the plain. Owing to the cold, there was not a soldier to be seen who was not on watch. The crunch of the patrols’ footsteps and the clattering of their armor carried far on a night so quiet.</p>

      <p>The sentry looked up from blowing on his hands as one such patrol approached, and snapped into a salute. The patrol returned the greeting as they passed by, eyes sweeping the darkness for anything out of the ordinary. The sentry let out a sigh as they walked away. As he did, he noticed a figure approaching.</p>

      <p>“Has everybody arrived?” Orlean von Maruk asked.</p>

      <p>The sentry cast a glance over his shoulder. “Yes, my lord. They await within.”</p>

      <p>With a nod of satisfaction, von Maruk strode forward. The sentry hurriedly pulled back the tent flap and von Maruk passed through without a word of thanks. Warm air enfolded him as he entered the tent. Somebody must have brought a heater in, although the large number of human bodies probably accounted for a great deal of warmth as well.</p>

      <p>“Gentlemen, thank you all for coming.”</p>

      <p>The nobles had been seated around the map in the center of the tent, but they rose to their feet as he announced his presence. There were eight in total, all having sworn their loyalty to him.</p>

      <p>“I was surprised to be called upon at this late hour,” one said.</p>

      <p>Von Maruk handed the man his coat and walked toward the head of the table. “Forgive me. Our preparations are complete, and I wanted to let you know as soon as possible.”</p>

      <p>“Have we not made ourselves too conspicuous, meeting in this way? What if Lord Hiro begins to suspect us?”</p>

      <p>“That will not be a concern. I took the liberty of making some adjustments to the patrol schedule. They should be scarcely present at this time of night. Besides, few men will be willing to venture outside in this cold.” Von Maruk collapsed into his chair, bracing his left arm on the armrest to prop up his cheek. He raised his right hand. “At ease.”</p>

      <p>The nobles took their cue to sit back down. Once all were settled, von Maruk spoke again.</p>

      <p>“You’ll forgive me if I omit the pleasantries. I understand that some of you may harbor doubts, so allow me to say this plainly: Our plans proceed apace. Lord Hiro suspects nothing.”</p>

      <p>The confidence in his words prompted sighs of relief from the nobles. Delighted smiles spread across their faces, as though they had just won a great victory.</p>

      <p>“What say our collaborators?” one asked.</p>

      <p>“Fear not. We remain in contact, and their response has been favorable. There will be no harm in biding our time. First Prince Stovell is with them, after all.”</p>

      <p>“Then we must act cautiously. If our plans should be discovered now, all will be dust on the wind.”</p>

      <p>Von Maruk nodded. There was sense in the man’s words.</p>

      <p>The noble’s face quickly turned hesitant, however. “If I had one concern,” he continued, “it would be about our positions. Is it truly wise to trust in a verbal agreement?”</p>

      <p>“I understand your reservations, but as I say, First Prince Stovell is with them. He will be our guarantee. The Grantzian Empire may fall, but our lands will be left unharmed—provided we cooperate.”</p>

      <p>“But they are asking us to deliver Lord Hiro’s head. He commands tremendous popularity among the citizenry. Even your own people adore him, do they not?” The nobleman looked around the table for agreement. The rest of the assembly nodded, albeit reluctantly. “If they learn that we’ve betrayed him, they might chase us out of our own lands.”</p>

      <p>In essence, his point was that Six Kingdoms would have them over a barrel. In times of peace, the nobility often treated their subjects no better than slaves, but in wartime, they had to be more careful in light of the threat of armed uprising. If rumors began to circulate that they had crossed an enormously popular prince and defected to Six Kingdoms, their downfall would be assured.</p>

      <p>“Six Kingdoms will do no such thing,” von Maruk replied after some hesitation. “Their priority will be undisrupted governance.”</p>

      <p>“By all rights, we ought to be laying siege to the capital by now,” another noble remarked. A crestfallen silence descended over the table.</p>

      <p>“I was glad to see that decrepit old fool Brius von Krone dead, but not so much anything that followed,” said von Maruk. “I never imagined Lord Hiro might triumph over the rebel army. He truly has a talent for interfering with our plans.”</p>

      <p>That had necessitated some revisions. If the rebel army had held out a little longer, Six Kingdoms would have been able to sweep into the central territories with no resistance, shattering the rebels and imperial capital alike.</p>

      <p>“Well, after tomorrow’s battle, he will meddle no more.”</p>

      <p>The confrontation would not last long. Thankfully, Hiro had volunteered to lead from the front. The foundations had been laid for the rest of the army’s surrender following his death. When the fighting was over, the nobles would return home in defeat, only to defect to the enemy once Six Kingdoms invaded the central territories—it would break their hearts, of course, but anything to keep their people safe. Finally, after they took the capital, their shame would be erased and their names would go down in history attached to a historic feat of conquest.</p>

      <p>“But does the War God’s blood not run in Lord Hiro’s veins? Will killing him not curse us all? I fear inviting the Spirit King’s wrath.”</p>

      <p>The one to voice such pathetic concerns was Lord von Kirschia, ruler of Severt. His father had surrendered to Six Kingdoms, only to be relieved of his head for impertinence during a meeting with their leaders. The Second Punitive Legion had attacked his hometown, intending to make an example of it, and only the timely intervention of the imperial military had saved him. It seemed that Six Kingdoms had foreseen even that, however; not long after, he had followed in his father’s footsteps by switching allegiances to ensure his own safety.</p>

      <p>“There will be no curse. First Prince Stovell was quite clear. The gods are powerless. What have we to fear? Tomorrow, we will flee the field and deliver Lord Hiro’s head to Six Kingdoms, and that will be the end of it.” Von Maruk struck the table in anger, making von Kirschia jump in his seat. “Surely you cannot have come so far only to falter now!”</p>

      <p>“N-No, my lord, that is not what I—”</p>

      <p>“Listen well. If you value your future, siding with Six Kingdoms is the wise man’s choice.” Von Maruk struck the table again, prompting von Kirschia to look at the map. “Think of it as using them. By playing along, we will secure the central territories for ourselves. And that will only be the beginning. With their backing, the east, the north, and the south will fall before us. We will be the new rulers of the Grantzian Empire.”</p>

      <p>“I-I understand, my lord,” von Kirschia stammered. “Forgive me. I see now that my question was foolish.”</p>

      <p>Another noble wrapped an arm around the quailing man’s shoulders. “He is not to blame, my lord. He has only just succeeded his father’s seat. You mustn’t be too harsh on him.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed.” Von Maruk inclined his head. “Please excuse me. You must understand that I speak only out of concern for your people.”</p>

      <p>“No, I was the one at fault. My comment was not needed.”</p>

      <p>“Then we’re all agreed! You were both at fault.” The nobleman leaning on von Kirschia’s shoulders grinned. “Now we can—”</p>

      <p>He abruptly pitched over backward.</p>

      <p>The minds of everybody present froze, struggling to process what had just occurred. A crimson stain spread over the map. A severed head rolled across it, still smiling.</p>

      <p>Von Kirschia vomited as the head’s severed stump came into view. The rest of the nobles stared in blank surprise, while von Maruk rose to his feet, stupefied.</p>

      <p>“Well, well. What a lively conversation you’re all having.”</p>

      <p>A flat voice cut through the astonishment hanging in the air. The nobles’ spines ran cold at the sound—there was not an ounce of emotion in it. They spun as one to look at the entrance.</p>

      <p>“I received a tip-off from an anonymous benefactor. They said some nice, fat livestock had convened in one of my tents.”</p>

      <p>Black hair, black eyes, a soft face that looked too young for his years without its customary eyepatch. Yet Hiro’s ghastly smile gave the lie to any trace of kindness in his features. He stood entirely at ease. Jaws dropped at his nonchalance.</p>

      <p>“I’ve come to slaughter them myself before they can get away. Every cut of meat is precious on the march.” His voice dripped with amusement. With a glance at von Kirschia, he soundlessly stepped forward. “The meeting that will bring down the empire... What a historic event. You wouldn’t leave me out, would you?”</p>

      <p>“Someone, call the sentry—” The nobleman’s head hit the ground before the rest of his sentence left his lips. A dull <em>thump</em> sounded through the tent, like a sandbag being hit with a stick, as his decapitated body collapsed.</p>

      <p>“Here’s your sentry.”</p>

      <p>A fresh head landed on the table. The soldier’s mouth was frozen in a rigid smile, as though he had been killed before he knew what was happening.</p>

      <p>“No bleating from the sheep. Speak another word and I won’t hesitate to cut off your head.” Hiro set a finger to his lips and adopted a serene smile, although the expression only looked uncanny when it didn’t reach his eyes.</p>

      <p>The nobles froze in terror. They could not have spoken a word if they had tried.</p>

      <p>Hiro gave an approving nod and walked up to von Maruk. “Good evening, Orlean. How have you been?”</p>

      <p>Von Maruk blanched. “How long have you known?” he stammered.</p>

      <p>Hiro set a finger to his chin. A second passed, and then a wide smirk spread across his face. “From the start, of course. You did exactly what I expected at every turn. It took everything I had not to laugh.” He patted von Maruk on the shoulder. “Naming you my vice-commander... Turning to the central nobles in the first place... It was all to bring about this moment.”</p>

      <p>With every word Hiro spoke, von Maruk’s expression morphed from confusion to bitter understanding. He ground his teeth.</p>

      <p>“Outwitting your half-baked schemes was child’s play.” Hiro circled around behind von Maruk’s back and cast his gaze over the rest of the nobles, his smile widening. “But there is still one way your lives might be spared.”</p>

      <p>“And what is that?” von Maruk asked hesitantly.</p>

      <p>“Something I’ll need your help with.”</p>

      <p>Hiro extended his right arm. A rent appeared in empty space and extruded the hilt of a sword. It was no spirit weapon. Rather, it was a curved blade of the kind favored by the people of the south, although it hardly looked fit for use—it was rusted over and caked with dirt. The cutting edge was chipped like the blade of a saw, and it looked so battered that it might break with any impact.</p>

      <p>“Try to grit your teeth.” Without a moment’s hesitation, he plunged the rusted blade into von Maruk’s shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Gyaa— Mmph!”</p>

      <p>As soon as the man opened his mouth to scream, Hiro covered it with a hand. Von Maruk struggled, but he did not move an inch. A blast of raw hostility told the remaining nobles that if they called for help, they were dead men. They cowered in fear, their teeth chattering.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to torture Orlean now. If he manages to tell me anything useful, I’ll let your little plot slide. Otherwise, once he’s dead, I’ll move on to the rest of you, one by one.”</p>

      <p>Globules of flesh clung to the sword’s chipped blade as Hiro withdrew it.</p>

      <p>“Tell me, have you ever heard of tetanus?”</p>

      <p>Tears filled von Maruk’s eyes at the word. He started to tremble.</p>

      <p>“This sword is a little something I acquired from the third prince of Lichtein. I call it Beil’s Measure. The mortality rate of tetanus is fifty percent, you see—it puts its victims on the scales. Quite a clever name, don’t you think? Although maybe that’s not very important to you right now.” Hiro brought his mouth up to von Maruk’s ear. “I’m going to take my hand off your mouth now, but if you make a squeak without my say-so, I’ll cut off your right arm. I’d prefer not to have to do that. As you can see, this isn’t the most durable of swords.”</p>

      <p>Hiro took his hand away from von Maruk’s mouth. The man clenched his teeth so hard that blood ran down his lips, but he endured, stamping his feet against the ground to try and distract from the agony.</p>

      <p>“Oh, I should mention,” Hiro whispered, “I don’t need you for my plans. Only von Kirschia.”</p>

      <p>Von Maruk stiffened, forgetting about the pain for a moment. “Surely you cannot mean—”</p>

      <p>Hiro clamped a hand over his mouth again. “Oh dear. I never said you could speak. One arm down, I’m afraid.”</p>

      <p>The night was short tonight. He didn’t have the time to torture everybody in the tent.</p>

      <p><em>I have to get started soon, or I won’t make it in time.</em></p>

      <p>He put Beil’s Measure to work, hoping that it would not be long before somebody broke.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p>At the same time, final preparations for the following day’s confrontation were underway in Six Kingdoms’ camp. Two women and one man sat inside the command tent at the camp’s center.</p>

      <p>“No word has come from the head of House Maruk. Perhaps his schemes have been discovered.” Luka frowned. Beside her, Igel bit his nails in frustration.</p>

      <p>By contrast, Lucia’s smile was brimming with confidence. “That is no great matter. I have spun many plans. The failure of one will not lose the battle. How fares the reorganization of our forces?”</p>

      <p>“Fine, so long as everything goes to plan. But if the enemy knows where to stick a wedge, we could find ourselves in deep shit.”</p>

      <p>Igel tossed a report across the table. As all three had suspected, fully reforming the army in such a short span of time had proven impossible. The report, now in Lucia’s hand, explained that the seams were beginning to show. Taking the time to avoid friction between nations was probably to blame. The six powers that made up Six Kingdoms might have been allies for many years, but that did not make them friends; currently, they were vying with one another for rulership of the region known as Klym.</p>

      <p>The kingdoms of Anguis and Vulpes were on notably bad terms. Once, in the age of the king before last, they had been close allies—a bond commonly reaffirmed by marriages between noble families. The king had passed away, however, and the Vulpes siblings had been robbed of the throne they were supposed to inherit. If not for that, the alliance would have remained intact, but the previous and current rulers had destroyed in two generations what had taken centuries to build. Now, relations between the kingdoms were tense.</p>

      <p>The same situation was mirrored elsewhere. With such a large-scale offensive, it was inevitable that some would refuse to take orders from a commander of this or that kingdom; that was why the army had been divided into different divisions to start with. By assigning them different roles in the high king’s name, conflict had been avoided.</p>

      <p>“A trifling concern. Indeed, ’tis necessary to draw the War God out.”</p>

      <p>Some form of weakness was required to convince the enemy that he could win. If they wanted to lure him into organically believing the balance of war favored him, they could not let him suspect their hand on the scales. Otherwise, he would fall back.</p>

      <p>“And he has taken the bait. If no word has come from the head of House Maruk, all the better. That will only quicken the poison’s passage through his blood.”</p>

      <p>For Lucia, who wanted his head, the War God’s coming was cause for celebration, but the Vulpes siblings did not share her joy.</p>

      <p>“Or he has drawn it out to use against us.” Luka pulled a displeased face. “I would have preferred that we allowed the punitive legions to continue their work and secured our hold over the western territories.”</p>

      <p>Despite Luka’s objections, Lucia knew that leaving the punitive legions to ravage the imperial lands would have risked prolonging the war. The western nobles had surrendered, but they had not pledged their loyalty. They would turn on Six Kingdoms the instant the empire launched its counteroffensive. The Punitive Army’s invasion had seized the initiative, but ever since the War God’s scion had ridden forth, they had been slipping onto the back foot—a fact that seemed to be lost on the Vulpes siblings.</p>

      <p><em>Truly, “magnificent” is the only word. With a mere twenty thousand, he rekindled hope in the western nobles’ hearts. Had we not withdrawn, this war would have dragged out interminably.</em></p>

      <p>In war, speed was the key—seizing victory before the enemy could muster an effective resistance. Hiro’s offensive had blunted Six Kingdoms’ momentum. The Second Punitive Legion had been a necessary sacrifice to bring things back on track. It was a small loss for the sake of a greater gain; a victory scored in view of the bigger picture would turn the tide of war far more decisively than on one battlefield.</p>

      <p><em>And besides, I have little interest in winning territory.</em></p>

      <p>That was the fundamental difference between Lucia and the Vulpes siblings. Six Kingdoms had not expanded its borders in more than four hundred years. None of the kingdoms had the capacity to manage annexed land. They might be able to conquer the western territories, but they did not have the experience to rule them effectively. More to the point, laying claim to the west would only invite problems dividing it with the other kingdoms, and that was to say nothing of the question of Faerzen. Lucia intended to avoid such irksome matters if she could.</p>

      <p><em>For now, I shall watch and wait.</em></p>

      <p>Some kingdoms would succeed in ruling, while others would fail. First, she would observe the successes and make a note of their practices. Then it would be child’s play to carve away a portion of the western territories from the other kingdoms and take it for herself. For now, it was better to focus on the prize at hand: the glory of killing Mars’s scion.</p>

      <p>“The empire’s military will be far lesser once the Lord of Eld is slain. Still, if we do not eliminate its best minds where we can, soon it shall be we who are hard-pressed.”</p>

      <p>The empire might have grown old and rotten, but it was still the empire. Its land, resources, and military strength were orders of magnitude greater than any other nation could boast. Six Kingdoms had managed to create its current advantage by attacking too quickly to respond to, but the empire was not guaranteed to stay on the back foot forever. Odds were high that it would soon strike back with greater numbers. With the question of supplies still unresolved, Six Kingdoms could not afford for the war to drag out. That would mean guaranteed defeat, expulsion from the western territories, and a shameful march back home with nothing to show but enormous losses.</p>

      <p><em>Then we shall need to find a point of compromise.</em></p>

      <p>A show of strength was required to ensure that potential negotiations went favorably. As a queen responsible for her kingdom’s stability, she had to consider the grander picture—not only victory, but also the possibility of defeat.</p>

      <p>“The man is Mars’s own blood. His value is incalculable. Defeating him will be more than enough to earn the high king’s favor. Who knows? You may even be able to wrest your throne back from the witch who stole it.”</p>

      <p>“If you do not claim all the glory for yourself.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? Is that mistrust I hear? Did we not play together as babes? Did we not grow up side by side?”</p>

      <p>“We were both more innocent then. More trusting of others, as children are. But now that I have grown, I know to treat serpents with due caution.”</p>

      <p>Luka was not mincing words. Lucia shrugged but did not refute the barb. Sparks crackled between them. Igel, caught in the middle, looked pointedly at the table.</p>

      <p>Silence fell over the tent for a while. In the end, it was Lucia who broke it, slapping her fan into her palm with a sharp smack.</p>

      <p>“Then you may claim the Lord of Eld’s head for yourself. You have my trust, even if I do not have yours. Does that satisfy you?”</p>

      <p>“Do you truly mean that?”</p>

      <p>“If it will set your mind at ease, where’s the harm? Let the glory be shared.”</p>

      <p>Smiles spread across the Vulpes siblings’ faces.</p>

      <p>“Very well. In that case, I have no objection to our current strategy.”</p>

      <p>“If Luka’s happy, so am I.”</p>

      <p>“Excellent. Then there is nothing more to be said. Return to your beds and rest. Tomorrow, you shall take the head of the Lord of Eld.”</p>

      <p>“And where will you be in all of this?” Luka asked.</p>

      <p>“I will make myself a target to draw him out.” Lucia spread her fan wide and smiled.</p>

      <p>Luka cocked her head dubiously. “You would have us fight alone?”</p>

      <p>“If you seem hard-pressed, I could see my way to lending a little assistance.”</p>

      <p>Luka’s expression visibly stiffened—Lucia was all but nakedly declaring that she was plotting to use them for her own ends. She stood, knocking her chair to the floor with a clatter. “Those are the words of a leech. One who means to take the credit for herself.”</p>

      <p>The crimson flame of anger burned in her eyes, but suddenly...</p>

      <p>“You stay out of this, Your Majesty.”</p>

      <p>The fire dissipated. “Igel? What are you—”</p>

      <p>“Shut it, sis!” Igel thrust an arm out to silence Luka. “It’ll be us who take the War God’s head. The Vulpes siblings. And we’ll go home in glory. That’s all that matters.” He turned away and stomped toward the exit, making no attempt to disguise his anger.</p>

      <p>“Igel! Stop right there! What in the world has gotten into you?!”</p>

      <p>Luka chased after her brother, confusion written on her face. Igel’s sudden turn clearly had her at a loss. It was rare for him to defy his sister’s will. The anxiety that he had turned against her drove any thoughts of anger from her mind, and she ran out of the tent like a child desperately pursuing their parents.</p>

      <p>Lucia chuckled to herself. “Whatever would you do without one another?”</p>

      <p>Since being cheated out of their throne, the Vulpes siblings had lived in conflict with the adults around them. Once stripped of their authority, even those of royal blood were nothing more than playthings for nobles. All of the humiliation the nobles had suffered and the resentment they had accumulated was taken out on the pair.</p>

      <p>“My, but how the light had left Luka’s eyes...”</p>

      <p>Lucia had taken pity on them and, with an appeal to the high king, seen them recognized as royalty once more. They had been able to lead normal lives again, albeit at the foot of a table they had once ruled. However, while they had quickly won fame thanks to their natural talents, they were yet to achieve their dream of reclaiming their throne.</p>

      <p>“Mayhap ’twould be kinder if they never did.”</p>

      <p>Their dream was destined to go unrealized. The woman they faced was closest to the high king and wielded her power with impunity; the gulf between them was too wide for determination alone to bridge.</p>

      <p>Lucia’s teeth ground bitterly. “But they will make good enough pawns for my ambitions.”</p>

      <p>The title of queen carried an obligation to use whomever she could. Ruling was not a charitable enterprise. The good of the nation always had to take precedence, even over personal sympathies. If one was not prepared to harden their heart and sacrifice even their closest relatives, they were not fit to wear the crown.</p>

      <p>“Your shortcomings are too many. ’Tis unwise to wear your hearts so openly on your sleeves.”</p>

      <p>The Vulpes siblings were utterly dependent on one another. Either’s heart would break without the other. That was their greatest weakness as commanders. But there was no room for sentiment in war: it was kill or be killed.</p>

      <p>“’Tis hardly rare for soldiers to fall shielding loved ones from their fate.”</p>

      <p>Such stories shone all the brighter for their blood-soaked backdrop, making ready fodder for wartime propaganda. Then, once the fighting was done, it was easy enough to extol their subjects as saints and see that their names went down in history.</p>

      <p>“Will they leave behind an ugly reality or a beautiful legend?”</p>

      <p>She would see that they had the choice, at least.</p>

      <p>“Either way, ’twill be as my pawns.”</p>

      <p>What truly tragic lives they led. How pitiful, to be born as royals only to die as puppets.</p>

      <p>“And as for the one who remains... I can hardly wait to see how they fare.”</p>

      <p>Lucia spread her fan wide and turned her eyes to the heavens, smirking all the while.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p><em>The eleventh day of the second month of Imperial Year 1024</em></p>

      <p><em>The Laryx Plains, in the west of the western territories</em></p>

      <p>Day swept night from the sky. The sun glittered like a kaleidoscope as it rose in the east, bathing the world in vibrant hues. White clouds dotted a sky of royal blue. Yet while the heavens were calm, a shroud of ferocity hung low over the earth. A black dragon sigil rose highest among a churning sea of banners. Lusty battle cries split the air. Soldiers raised their weapons high and bellowed praise of their nation to the sky, trying to intimidate the enemy with their zeal.</p>

      <p>The core of Six Kingdoms’ forces had taken up position not far away, overlooking the battlefield. Lucia and the Vulpes siblings had gathered in the makeshift command tent erected in the center, along with the various leaders and aides of the army’s constituent kingdoms.</p>

      <p>Lucia reclined upon an ostentatious bed laid at the head of the table. She plucked an apple from the basin by her hand and bit into it. “They sound awfully spirited this morning.”</p>

      <p>The mouth of the tent burst open, providing a momentary glimpse of the battlefield. A chill wind tousled her hair. The hostility radiating from their foes sapped the warmth from her bones.</p>

      <p>“All units are ready, Your Majesty,” the messenger announced.</p>

      <p>“Splendid. Sound the horns. We shall encircle the enemy and annihilate them.”</p>

      <p>They had one hundred and eighty thousand. The enemy had forty. The difference was clear. Yet none at the table took that as a guarantee of victory.</p>

      <p>“You are all awfully quiet.”</p>

      <p>An odd hush lay over the command tent, so stifling that it was hard to breathe. Nobody was foolish enough to think the battle was good as won. The fear of defeat hung in the air unspoken. They faced the Grantzian Empire, the monarchs of Soleil whose rule had lasted a thousand years. What was more, the enemy commander was none other than the fourth prince, the blood of the mythical War God who had spawned countless legends. None at the table had seen him; only word of his ingenious strategies had reached the far-flung lands of Klym.</p>

      <p>“I can’t say I’ve ever feared forty thousand this much,” one of the aides remarked, his face tense. Others around the table nodded in solemn agreement. Lucia considered snapping at them for their cowardice, but cowing them further would accomplish nothing. Besides, she was not unsympathetic to their concerns. Even she was uncertain whether her schemes would bear fruit.</p>

      <p><em>House Maruk is a lost cause, I fear.</em></p>

      <p>Word had still not arrived from Orlean von Maruk. She could only assume that the fourth prince had caught wind of his treachery.</p>

      <p><em>But that was not the last of my schemes.</em></p>

      <p>She had succeeded in drawing the fourth prince out to this place. That was worth celebrating. She cast a glance at the stack of papers by her pillow and reached to take one in hand.</p>

      <p>At that moment, a horn blew. She stopped and listened intently, engraving the sound into her memory. It was the clarion call of a battle that would be spoken of for generations to come. The tension dissolved as the tent filled with murmuring.</p>

      <p>The retainer charged with keeping an eye on the battlefield reported in. “The first cohort is moving...with the first and second cavalry out in front.”</p>

      <p>The aides set about placing pawns on the map. Six Kingdoms’ first cohort had taken up the dragon-wing formation, best suited to encircling an enemy. Its first and second cavalry numbered twenty thousand apiece. The first infantry—thirty thousand highly trained soldiers—made up the center. All in all, the cohort came to seventy thousand, almost double the empire’s numbers even without the rest of Six Kingdoms’ army.</p>

      <p>“What formation have they taken?” Lucia asked.</p>

      <p>“The flowing formation. Not the easiest to deal with.”</p>

      <p>Lucia’s eyebrows rose. “Truly? The flowing formation? With their patchwork force?”</p>

      <p>She could not deny her surprise at the enemy commander’s recklessness. The flowing formation was an unorthodox tactic that deployed an army’s units in a diagonal line. It took its name from the ease with which it could transform into the dragon-wing and dragon-scale formations, as well as its resemblance to a dragon in flight flowing through the sky. However, it required a great deal of coordination to execute—nobody would be so foolish as to attempt it with a cobbled-together army. While it had the advantage of allowing every unit ready access to the fray, that made it unsuitable for drawn-out battles and downright foolish to employ against a significantly larger force. Its presence on the field meant that Mars’s scion was almost certainly plotting something.</p>

      <p>“Let us place our faith in the first cohort. If the enemy has crafted some scheme, we shall see it soon enough.” Lucia peered at the vanguard, narrowing her eyes. It was about time for the first and second cavalry to bite into the enemy’s flanks.</p>

      <p>A thunderous noise rang out, an earthshaking crash that reached as far as the command tent. Screams rose. Battle cries rang out. Steel clashed, sparks showered, blades hewed heads from necks in a display of might. A red mist rose as ribbons of gore sprayed across the battlefield. In the coming hours, dozens, hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands of lives would slick the soil.</p>

      <p>“Marvelous,” Lucia breathed. In her eyes, it was beautiful. Only in mortal combat did men’s true natures surface. The fair and the ugly, revealed side by side in one perfect moment—<em>that</em> was war. There was neither compassion nor animosity here, only the pure urge to survive, pitted against that of others in desperate contest. The innocent act of spilling an enemy’s life to preserve one’s own.</p>

      <p>“Truly, no words do it justice. ’Tis the privilege of being born human.” Lucia’s eyes gleamed. Her tongue snaked out lasciviously to lick a drop of apple juice from the corner of her mouth. “But when shall this scheme reveal itself?”</p>

      <p>The more time passed, the more pronounced the imperial disadvantage became. They fought fiercely, showing passionate resistance in the face of death, but they were doomed even so.</p>

      <p>“The fifty thousand in our second cohort are on the move. The end of the imperial force is nigh.”</p>

      <p>“The end? Does he mean to let himself be massacred? Surely not. This cannot be all there is.” Lucia picked up one of the letters by her pillow. The writer—not Orlean von Maruk, but a different collaborator—claimed that Fourth Prince Hiro was plotting a raid on her camp.</p>

      <p><em>Could it be that they, too, were found out?</em></p>

      <p>She crushed the letter in her fist and stood up. “Seleucus, what news of our perimeter?”</p>

      <p>Her handsome young vice-commander stepped forward, wearing his typical insolent smile. His expression was downright aggravating under the circumstances, and Lucia shot him a furious glare.</p>

      <p>“I notice that you are scowling, Your Majesty.”</p>

      <p>“In light of the urgency of the situation, I shall let that discourtesy pass.”</p>

      <p>“You are most gracious, Your Majesty. Our perimeter, you said?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Has the enemy been sighted?”</p>

      <p>“Let’s see here... Our scouts report no suspicious movements within the vicinity, but we are unfamiliar with the terrain of the western territories. There are likely multiple places that our foe could conceal themselves.”</p>

      <p>“Are there, indeed...”</p>

      <p>Lucia cupped her chin in her hand, stood up, and exited the tent. The elevation provided her with a commanding view of the battlefield. The imperial forces appeared to have launched no schemes or traps worthy of the name. They simply held their ground and fought like wild beasts, dying in droves.</p>

      <p>“Mayhaps I ought to send the third cohort out and leave the core exposed...”</p>

      <p>“Will victory alone not suffice, Your Majesty?” Seleucus asked.</p>

      <p>Lucia looked back, eyes burning with anger. “You have served me for how many years, and you give me this foolishness?” Her expression looked like it contained more fury than a human should have been able to muster. A wild wind swirled about her, gouging at the earth as if to underscore her outrage.</p>

      <p>Seleucus’s smile turned fixed as he took a step back. “Forgive me, Your Majesty. I spoke out of turn. I simply feared that the War God’s scion would make an appearance.” He chose his words carefully, conscious that his life was under threat.</p>

      <p>Lucia’s eyes widened as it dawned on her that he did not understand. “But of course he will. I am certain of it.”</p>

      <p>Seleucus’s smile fell away as his eyes shrank to points. “Then why your anger, Your Majesty?”</p>

      <p>“<em>Their resistance is too fierce!</em>”</p>

      <p>“Excuse me?”</p>

      <p>Lucia ignored him and extended her hand toward the battlefield, pointing at the imperial troops. “Why do they still fight? Who commands them?”</p>

      <p>“The War God’s scion, surely. But he must be leading the raid, so by process of elimination, one of his subordinates...” A look of confusion passed across Seleucus’s face. “But who is left?”</p>

      <p>“Now do you see? Now do you begrudge me my anger?”</p>

      <p>Almost all of the central nobles riding with Fourth Prince Hiro had defected to Six Kingdoms, but he had presumably seen through their schemes and executed them. If any of the central nobles remained, they would already have raised the banner of Six Kingdoms and turned on their allies.</p>

      <p>“The western nobles, then?”</p>

      <p>“Impossible—”</p>

      <p>A scream from the field cut Lucia short. She looked over her shoulder to see the occupants of the tent come rushing out, shock written on their faces. An odd sight was unfolding on the battlefield. Familiar standards went up from the battered imperial troops.</p>

      <p>“Is that...the serpent of Anguis?” Luka whispered at Lucia’s side. Lucia had not even noticed her arrival.</p>

      <p>“It cannot be...”</p>

      <p>That was not possible. The central nobles who had plotted to turn to Six Kingdoms’ side were dead. They had to be. If not, they would have acted far earlier in the battle.</p>

      <p>“Seleucus! What are the first cohort’s orders?!”</p>

      <p>“We prioritized reforming their ranks over updating their battle plans, Your Highness. Their orders remain what they were.”</p>

      <p>Lucia had commanded the first cohort not to attack once the central nobles showed their colors. If they followed that command faithfully, they would end up turning their backs to the enemy.</p>

      <p>“Send a...” <em>Send a messenger to rescind their orders</em>, she made to say, but then thought better of it. That would only cause chaos in the ranks. An elementary mistake. The corners of her mouth twitched. “No, there is no other choice. We must fall back.”</p>

      <p>Victory was right before their eyes, but if they fixated only on grasping it, they would pay a dear price indeed. Lucia came to a decision and opened her mouth to give the order.</p>

      <p>“It cannot be...”</p>

      <p>What came out was not a command, but a gasp of shock. An incomprehensible sight unfolded before her eyes. Where the first and second cohorts had encircled the imperial forces, another unit was charging from behind. The observers on the hill watched, dumbfounded. The newcomers were no imperial ambush or late reinforcements. They were soldiers of Six Kingdoms—Vulpes cavalry.</p>

      <p>“What the...? Those aren’t ours!” Igel protested. “We didn’t set up any ambush!”</p>

      <p>“So this is your ploy...” Lucia whispered.</p>

      <p>Her head spun. New problems were flying in from all directions and her mind could not keep up. She only knew one thing for certain: her army was at risk of turning on itself. Even if the newcomers were not truly Vulpes troops, it was Esel infantry they were attacking. That presented a serious danger. The cracks in the union would surface. The various kingdoms may have been longtime allies, but they were their own nations with their own interests. They did not think of one another as family, and they did not think of one another as friends. Their soldiers could not possibly recognize every member of a hundred-and-eighty-thousand-strong army; if the Esel troops struck back against the impostors, the real Vulpes troops would believe their allies were under attack and join the fray.</p>

      <p>“Recall them all,” Lucia commanded. “Now.”</p>

      <p>One wrong step and the situation would become unrecoverable. To think that the enemy would try to turn her army on itself while the sun was still high...</p>

      <p>“At once, Your Majesty!” One of the retainers hurried away, holding a banner high.</p>

      <p>What next? She struggled to draw her thoughts together. She could almost feel a blade pricking at her throat. Still, if she could not maintain a level head under any circumstance, she was not fit to command.</p>

      <p>“Remain calm,” she told herself. “’Tis but the first battle. You will have opportunities to erase this disgrace.”</p>

      <p>She was trying to convince herself more than anything. This kind of embarrassment would only earn her mockery from one woman in particular, and she had no intention of tasting such humiliation a second time. She had already cried enough childish tears for one lifetime.</p>

      <p>“No more. No more. None shall get the better of me again.” Lucia’s eyes smoldered with rage as they regarded the battlefield. She slapped her own cheek with her fan. “’Tis a trivial setback. Nothing that a little thought cannot solve.”</p>

      <p>Most likely, rattling her like this was precisely the enemy’s goal. Their schemes were nothing more than childish tricks. As long as she did not let her anger run away with her and analyzed the field appropriately, they would be easy enough to foil.</p>

      <p>However, in the end, she took too long to organize her thoughts—and in trying to unravel the array of problems before her, she made one crucial oversight.</p>

      <p>“Hold a moment. Why wait so long to reveal their schemes?”</p>

      <p>Why only now, when their defeat was all but certain, was the enemy unveiling all of these tricks to throw the battlefield into disarray? Lucia looked around. Only then did she realize that all of her retainers’ eyes were glued to the front lines.</p>

      <p>“So that was your ploy... Mars!”</p>

      <p>And darkness fell upon the world.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>