<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: The Sun Also Rises</h1>

      <p><em>The tenth day of the second month of Imperial Year 1024</em></p>

      <p><em>The imperial capital of Cladius</em></p>

      <p>A host of riders galloped through sun-drenched streets beneath a clear, blue sky. On their banners fluttered a lily on a crimson field—the livery of the sixth princess. Liz and her small group of bodyguards had returned to the imperial capital.</p>

      <p>Citizens by the roadside spun around as she passed, but she was already gone by the time they turned to look. The thunder of horseshoes echoed through the streets behind her, although even that faded once she reached the palace.</p>

      <p>She leaped down from her saddle and approached the entrance on foot. The doors swung open as she approached, and a familiar figure emerged.</p>

      <p>“Rosa!” she cried.</p>

      <p>“My dear little sister. How glad I am to see you safe and sound.” Rosa spread her arms wide.</p>

      <p>Liz plunged into her embrace without hesitation. “I thought you’d gone back to the east!” she said, gazing up at her sister.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>