<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“What’s wrong?”</p>

      <p>Aura gave no reply, but she was trembling, and her face had gone white as a sheet. Scáthach, too, seemed to have realized something. Her shoulders shuddered as she ground her teeth in chagrin.</p>

      <p>“Lady Celia Estrella, I fear those letters were lies.”</p>

      <p>Liz turned slowly back to see Beto wearing a crafty smile. “Excuse me?”</p>

      <p>“They were mistruths. Fabrications. We have already come to an agreement with Steissen.”</p>

      <p>For a moment, she was stunned. Her eyes flew wide in disbelief, and her hands shook as she held back a burning anger. She had to consciously tell herself to calm down.</p>

      <p>“But then...why did you ask for reinforcements? You wrote so many letters...” The terrible notion surfaced in her mind that he might be collaborating with Six Kingdoms. She called Lævateinn to her hand and assumed a combat stance, ready to fight at the slightest notice. “You have to know that Six Kingdoms is invading as we speak. This isn’t the time to be playing games. If this is a joke, you’ve gone too far.”</p>

      <p>“No joke, Your Highness. A request. From a certain party.”</p>

      <p>“‘A certain party’? You wouldn’t happen to mean Six Kingdoms, would you?”</p>

      <p>That was the end of her tether. Fury surged from her, striking Beto like a wave of blades. An ordinary man would have passed out on the spot, but Beto was no stranger to peril.</p>

      <p>“I mean Lord Hiro Schwartz.”</p>

      <p>“What?” Liz’s anger dissipated instantly, replaced by incredulity. “What are you saying? This was on Hiro’s orders? Why would he do that?”</p>

      <p>The corners of her eyes creased with sadness. She looked ready to scream into Beto’s face that he was lying. Questions swirled inside her head, adding to her confusion as she struggled for words.</p>

      <p>“I can empathize with your astonishment. I, too, was shocked when Lord Hiro asked me to pen falsehoods.” Beto’s voice held genuine sympathy, but his words did not seem to reach Liz’s ears.</p>

      <p>“Why?” she murmured. “I don’t understand...”</p>

      <p>Her words were not for him, but for the black-haired boy in her mind. Nonetheless, he took it as an answer and opened his mouth to respond.</p>

      <p>The one who got there first, however, was Selvia.</p>

      <p>“What if he was trying to keep you out of danger?”</p>

      <p>“What? Me?”</p>

      <p>“With the central territories fallen into disorder, it would not be prudent to have you stay. It only makes sense to send you south in search of allies. But Six Kingdoms will not be content to lay waste only to the west, don’t you agree? I expect his intention was to relocate you somewhere safe in case the worst came to pass.”</p>

      <p>“But sending me away won’t stop Six Kingdoms,” Liz protested. “If the central territories fall, they’ll march right on through to the south. If we fought them together...”</p>

      <p>“Don’t you see? He is offering himself as bait to buy you time to mount a defense.” Selvia’s long eyelashes fluttered sorrowfully as she spoke. “He hid the truth because he knew that you would try to stop him from going to his death.”</p>

      <p>“That can’t be. Rosa would never allow it. She’d stop him even if I wasn’t there.”</p>

      <p>“I fear she would not.” Beto looked at Liz regretfully. “The only one not already aware of the truth is you.”</p>

      <p>The table shook violently, plates and all. Liz had struck it with her fist—not out of anger, but out of sorrow. “Then Rosa was in on this too?!” she cried. With tears beading in the corners of her eyes, she made for a pitiful sight.</p>

      <p>“By necessity. But she would not have made such a choice lightly—” Beto cut himself off as Liz stood up from her chair. “Are you leaving, Your Highness?”</p>

      <p>“Of course. Why would I stay?”</p>

      <p>“You have no hope of making it in time. A messenger came before you even arrived. Lord Hiro will soon make contact with Six Kingdoms.”</p>

      <p>“Then I’d better meet up with the Fourth Legion and head west as soon as I can.” Liz began to walk away. Scáthach and Aura fell in behind her. Neither seemed inclined to lend Beto their ear.</p>

      <p>“If you refuse to listen to reason, you leave me no choice.” With an exasperated sigh, Beto snapped his fingers. The dining hall doors flew open and armed soldiers poured in.</p>

      <p>“What is the meaning of this?”</p>

      <p>Liz narrowed her eyes, unsheathing Lævateinn from her hip. Aura also readied her spirit weapon. Scáthach alone remained unarmed, for fear of revealing her identity. The soldiers hesitated when they saw that Liz and her companions had no intention of backing down. Their weapons trembled as they sensed their mortal peril.</p>

      <p>“I have no intention of seeing blood spilled, Your Highness,” Beto continued. “I ask only that you hear what I have to say.”</p>

      <p>“Then tell your soldiers to back off.”</p>

      <p>“I fear I cannot. For my sins, I will not break a promise made. My word is worth more than my life. For both our sakes, will you not stand down?”</p>

      <p>“If you won’t let us leave, we’ll just have to force our way out.”</p>

      <p>Liz and Beto glared at one another, neither willing to give an inch. The air between them stretched taut.</p>

      <p>It was Selvia who broke the silence. “And what will come of leading the Fourth Legion to battle?” she asked. “The enemy’s ranks have swollen to two hundred thousand. The Fourth Legion may be well trained, but adding only twenty thousand to the balance will not tip the scales. Would you have Lord Hiro’s sacrifice be for nothing?”</p>

      <p>“But with his strategies, maybe we could turn the tables.”</p>

      <p>“There is a chance, to be certain, but surely a slim one. Deep down, you already know the truth, Your Highness. Riding to his aid would accomplish nothing.”</p>

      <p>Selvia’s words struck home. Liz’s lips pursed bitterly. Flames sprouted from Lævateinn in reflection of her frustration.</p>

      <p>She cast her eyes about, looking for some straw to hold on to. “That’s right! Brutahl’s in Faerzen! If we can get word to him—”</p>

      <p>“Third Prince Brutahl has been captured.” Selvia did not miss a beat.</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>The exclamation came not from Liz, but from Aura. She stared at Selvia, eyes wide with rare surprise.</p>

      <p>“His forces were routed by the queen of Anguis, one of the nations that make up Six Kingdoms. Following his defeat, many of the western nobles surrendered to the enemy.”</p>

      <p>“We have to tell Hiro!” Liz cried.</p>

      <p>Beto stepped in front of her to block her path. “He already knows.”</p>

      <p>“Out of my way!”</p>

      <p>“Lord Hiro already knows, Your Highness. He is the one who told us of Third Prince Brutahl’s capture.”</p>

      <p>“No... He can’t...”</p>

      <p>“He leads twenty thousand, as do you. That would only leave you with forty thousand in total, and even if that were enough, you would never make it to the battlefield in time. Now is the time to build your strength. Or do you have some master plan to conjure victory with the forces you have?”</p>

      <p>“I... No, I don’t. But I have to go, or... Or...”</p>

      <p>Or she would lose sight of him forever. Cold fear crawled between her toes and up her legs—fear that she had finally come close enough to reach out to him, only for him to slip forever beyond her grasp. Chills washed over her, as though she were sinking into icy water. She had no idea what was going on in his mind, and that unsettled her more than anything.</p>

      <p>“I see...” Beto looked down, his thoughts inscrutable. “I now understand why Lord Hiro did not tell you the truth.” When he looked up again, whatever emotion had flashed in his eyes was gone.</p>

      <p>Liz narrowed her eyes. “And what’s that supposed to mean?”</p>

      <p>Beto raised a lazy hand. “<em>That</em> is what it means. Lord Hiro was correct when he wrote that you are too quick to let your emotions get the better of you. Passion is laudable, but once it becomes impulsiveness, it can turn quite disastrous.” He flatly enumerated Liz’s flaws. “He is prepared to sacrifice anything, even himself, so that you might grow stronger—because he wishes you to place the security of your nation first, and your personal feelings only second.”</p>

      <p>He stopped and cupped his chin, thinking. A strange light glinted in his eyes. “But if that’s the case, one wonders how far he saw... Could it truly be...?”</p>

      <p>Liz’s eyes hardened as she looked on, but Beto didn’t seem to notice. He seemed entirely contained in his own world. In a moment, the odd silence passed, and he abruptly looked back up, his expression alight with amusement.</p>

      <p>“I do believe I have an idea, Your Highness. One that will allow you to ride to Lord Hiro’s aid <em>and</em> successfully repel Six Kingdoms.”</p>

      <p>For an instant, Liz’s face came alive with hope, but a chill shot up her spine at the greed in Beto’s eyes. It seemed as though, for the first time, she had caught a glimpse of his true nature.</p>

      <p>“However, there is a condition,” he continued. His presence turned unsettling, seeming to close like a hand around Liz’s throat. “If you pledge my son your hand in marriage, I will lend you my aid against Six Kingdoms. I can field thirty thousand men at short notice. More if you give me time.”</p>

      <p>“And if I agree to that, you’ll help me?”</p>

      <p>“Why, I would do anything for my son’s bride. There would be no shame in the arrangement. Political marriages are common in this day and age.”</p>

      <p>“Wai— Mmph!”</p>

      <p>Aura tried to step forward, only to find herself dragged back. Scáthach spun to free her, but her captor—Selvia—only laid a finger to her lips. Scáthach’s eyes widened with sudden understanding. She backed down and turned to Liz again with something like pleading in her gaze.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the offer.” Liz’s heart was set. There was no hesitation in her eyes. She flicked a strand of hair from her shoulder, planted her hands on her hips, and stared Beto down with naked displeasure. “I decline. What a ridiculous idea.”</p>

      <p>Beto’s pupils shrank to points. He tilted his head in confusion. “I thought I warned you against letting your heart rule your head.”</p>

      <p>Liz drew herself up. “An aspiring empress doesn’t bow to threats from her own subjects.”</p>

      <p>Beto pressed his hands to his temples as though suppressing a headache. “If your would-be empire falls, there is no meaning in ruling at all.”</p>

      <p>“Maybe so, but still, as a member of the Grantzian royal family, I cannot accept your offer.”</p>

      <p>“And you are certain you have thought this through? Don’t you wish to aid Lord Hiro?”</p>

      <p>“If I showed up to help him on the back of a deal like that, he’d be furious.”</p>

      <p>Before Liz’s departure, Hiro had told her to walk the path she saw fit. She could not accede to forcible demands.</p>

      <p>“Furious, hm? And for that reason, you would turn me down?” Beto scowled. “I confess, I see no sense in it.”</p>

      <p>“I think it’s time to drop the pretense, dear,” his wife interrupted from behind him. “You have teased Her Highness quite enough. Any more might be politically unwise.”</p>

      <p>“Perhaps you’re right.” With a crooked grin, Beto gestured for the soldiers to sheathe their weapons.</p>

      <p>Selvia walked silently up to Liz and bowed her head. “Please forgive our rudeness, Lady Celia Estrella.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“We have no son, and our daughter is only two years old. My husband made his suggestion in jest, nothing more.”</p>

      <p>“Did he? He seemed so much like he meant it...”</p>

      <p>“You are decisive, Your Highness, and that is admirable, but it also leaves you vulnerable. I suggest you think matters over more thoroughly before drawing conclusions.” Selvia smiled even as she chided her. “But on this occasion, the greater fault is ours, so we will accept your wishes.”</p>

      <p>Beto spun to look at his wife. “Dear! We did not discuss—”</p>

      <p>“Is there a problem?”</p>

      <p>A glare stopped him dead in his tracks. Silence fell between them for a long moment.</p>

      <p>“Oh, very well.” Beto broke first. He lowered himself to one knee before Liz, a little hesitantly at first, but his expression quickly hardened with resolve. “All is ready. The southern nobles will ride to the empire’s aid in this time of crisis. To stand idly by as these western barbarians run amok would shame us in the eyes of our ancestors.”</p>

      <p>“Pardon?” A shocked noise slipped from Liz’s mouth as she struggled to follow.</p>

      <p>Again, it was Selvia who came to her rescue. “We had always intended to aid you, Your Highness. Such was our promise to Lord Hiro. A simple arrangement—or at least, it would have been, if my husband had not let his ambitions run away with him.”</p>

      <p>Unbeknownst to Liz, Hiro had quietly struck a deal with the leaders of House Muzuk. Seeing that it was to their mutual profit, Beto had happily agreed. Their assistance had been promised from the start.</p>

      <p>“I-I see...” Still confused, a flat reply was the best that Liz could muster.</p>

      <p>“Consider our fifty thousand soldiers added to your train, Your Highness. Fear not, they will not take long to gather. They will be ready to ride in a week at most.”</p>

      <p>“I thought you said thirty thousand?”</p>

      <p>“As I mentioned, we have been making preparations ever since we came to our agreement with Lord Hiro. With the addition of the Fourth Legion, we shall have seventy thousand men—a ponderous force, to be certain, but more than enough to serve as reinforcements.”</p>

      <p>For a moment, Liz was lost for words, but a smile spread across her face as understanding dawned. “Thank you for your generosity,” she said finally.</p>

      <p>“We await your order, Your Highness.” Selvia sank to one knee, mirroring her husband. The soldiers and servants followed suit.</p>

      <p>Liz collected herself with a throat-clearing cough, straightened her back, and raised a hand with her palm toward her audience. “Once we join forces with the Fourth Legion, we will take the fight to Six Kingdoms and drive them from the empire! Our numbers might be fewer, but any one of our soldiers is worth five of theirs. We are the lion of Soleil! I expect nothing less than victory!”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Your Highness!” they replied with a resounding cry.</p>

      <p>“I will ride ahead to Berg Fortress and see to our preparations. I will rejoin you later.”</p>

      <p>“Understood, Your Highness.”</p>

      <p>By the time Beto raised his head, Liz was already walking away. He cracked a smile. The lioness was still a cub, but she was growing.</p>

      <p>“Inspiring, isn’t she? What a shame that fate will not smile upon her efforts. Lord Hiro will be dead by the time she reaches him.” He rose to his feet, eyes still following Liz although she had vanished from view. “Too late by the narrowest of margins. Lord Hiro truly did account for everything. His loss will come as a heavy blow to the empire...although, as a rival, I admit my relief. Far better Lady Celia Estrella than him.”</p>

      <p>“She will not be so easily controlled,” Selvia said.</p>

      <p>Beto frowned. “What makes you say that?”</p>

      <p>“There is strength in her. I have not met Lord Hiro, but I suspect she will grow to become an even greater thorn in our sides than he could ever be.”</p>

      <p>“Sometimes I wonder whose side you’re on.” With an irritable wave, Beto summoned his aides. “Well, it matters not. For now, we will do as she bids.”</p>

      <p>Selvia set a finger to her chin as she watched her husband depart. After a moment, she called a servant over.</p>

      <p>The servant sank into a bow. “Yes, my lady?”</p>

      <p>Selvia looked down with emotionless eyes. The corners of her mouth drew into a sly grin. Suddenly, her demeanor seemed very different.</p>

      <p>“Some insurance wouldn’t go amiss. Send word to Countess von Kelheit,” she said, casting one final glance at her departing husband. “We women shall do as we please. The men may sit and watch.”</p>

      <p>Finally, her expression became a beguiling smile worthy of her attire.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p><em>Maruk, on the western edge of the central territories</em></p>

      <p>Hiro’s twenty thousand made camp on the border between the central and western territories. From this vantage point, they could gather information on events in the west and scout out Six Kingdoms’ movements. They had no shortage of willing contributors: refugees from burned villages, nobles chased from their towns, soldiers routed in battle. Hiro had ordered his men to apprise him of every report, no matter how outlandish it seemed. Even now, another harried messenger rode toward the tent in the center of the camp. A black dragon banner fluttered above it with stately grace, filled with unbreakable conviction.</p>

      <p>“Enemy scouts have been sighted three sel hence. Their banners confirm that they belong to the Second Punitive Legion. It matches the townsfolk’s reports.”</p>

      <p>“The Fifth Punitive Legion has strayed a little from the rest. They have taken up position in the town of Selus while they plunder the nearby villages. That puts them twenty sel from here.”</p>

      <p>“The Fourth Punitive Legion seems to know we’re here. They have deployed their forces on the Laryx Plains. Our scouts did not manage to ascertain their commander, but whoever they are, they have a love for battle.”</p>

      <p>The interior of the tent bustled with figures coming and going. Sweat poured from the foreheads of the civil tribunes as they sorted through and organized the incoming data. Keeping up with the reports was an unimaginable task. Stacks of parchment piled ever higher on the central desk, higher even than the outgoing piles, leaving the central nobles attending to them clutching their heads in despair at the sheer scale of the undertaking.</p>

      <p>At the head of the table, Hiro surveyed the mountain of parchment with an apprehensive gaze. He sighed and turned to the man at his side: Orlean von Maruk.</p>

      <p>“The scale of the damage is greater than we thought,” he said.</p>

      <p>“So it seems, Your Highness. It is hard to know where to begin.” With a solemn nod, von Maruk picked up a sheet of parchment. “The enemy has divided their troops into six parts. The central force stays behind, while the other five detachments carve a swathe through the west, offering mercy to those who accept them, the sword to those who resist, and terror to those in between.”</p>

      <p>“Have we ascertained those rumors about Third Prince Brutahl’s execution?”</p>

      <p>“They appear to be true. The western nobles are surrendering, one after another. It seems that his passing was all it took to break their spirits.” Unable to contain his contempt, Von Maruk struck the table with his fist. A loud <em>thump </em>rang through the tent. Silence fell for a moment. All eyes swiveled to stare at him, but a sharp glare quickly sent them back to their work.</p>

      <p>Hiro gave the man a moment to collect himself as the clamor resumed. “Are there any who have not surrendered? Are some still choosing to fight?”</p>

      <p>“Lord von Kirschia’s son has sent us a request for reinforcements. His position in the town of Severt is under siege by the Second Punitive Legion, and their losses are severe. As things stand, his defeat is only a matter of time.”</p>

      <p>“His son sent the request?”</p>

      <p>“It appears that Lord von Kirschia himself fell in battle with Six Kingdoms.”</p>

      <p>“And where is this town?”</p>

      <p>“One moment, Your Highness. I believe the report only just came in.” Von Maruk rifled through the pile of assessed reports and picked out the item in question. “Here. It is a little light on details, but not enough to pose a concern.”</p>

      <p>“Could you lay out the Second Punitive Legion’s position on the map for me? The rest of their forces too. A general estimate will do.”</p>

      <p>“At once, Your Highness.”</p>

      <p>With the central table covered in reports, the map had been relegated to a second one behind Hiro. Von Maruk set about placing pawns. Hiro stood, turned, and stepped closer.</p>

      <p>“The Second Punitive Legion is two days from our position,” von Maruk explained. “Closest from there is the Third. The Fourth has deployed its forces a little farther away.”</p>

      <p>“And the nobles in the area have all surrendered?”</p>

      <p>“I cannot speak to their hearts, but their actions are those of turncoats.”</p>

      <p>“They’re not certainly acting like they expect to face consequences.”</p>

      <p>“Nobody wants their lands ravaged, Your Highness. They have no choice but to prioritize their own safety. After the death of Third Prince Brutahl, I cannot blame them...but nor can I forgive them even so.”</p>

      <p>“Is the Third Imperial City safe?”</p>

      <p>“Its garrison is small, but its walls are thick. Six Kingdoms will struggle to take it with their forces scattered, and they have the most to lose from getting bogged down in a prolonged siege. For the time being, I cannot imagine they consider it a target.”</p>

      <p>If Six Kingdoms intended to sweep into the central territories, the city would be better overlooked. Going out of their way to attack it would only cost them soldiers. Perhaps, in the long run, they meant to take it with minimal losses by starving it of nearby allies and forcing it to raise the white flag. Regardless...</p>

      <p>“If it’s not in immediate danger, it’s not our concern.”</p>

      <p>“Where now, Your Highness? Shall we make for the Third Imperial City and take refuge behind their walls?”</p>

      <p>Hiro shook his head. “If Six Kingdoms will just ignore us, what’s the point? And if they do lay siege to us, we’ll be trapped in there. Besides, we’re trying to chase them from the western territories. We can’t accomplish that by hiding in one place. We should head for Severt and crush the Second Punitive Legion. Seeing as the enemy has been kind enough to split up, we can get by fighting them piecemeal.”</p>

      <p>His plan involved trapping the Second Punitive Legion between two fronts, which would require sending word to Lord von Kirschia’s son inside the town.</p>

      <p>“We will charge the enemy from behind. Could you instruct him to time a sortie with our offensive?”</p>

      <p>“I cannot say how tight the enemy’s perimeter may be, but I shall send one of our finest agents.”</p>

      <p>“It’s all right if they fail. If it can’t be done, I’ll think of something else. But let’s go with that for the time being.” Hiro returned to his chair and cast his gaze over the central nobles, who were still struggling valiantly with their stacks of reports. “Now, let’s decide who will do what.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p><em>Fort Hadria, on the northern border of the central territories</em></p>

      <p>To a fort on the border between the central and northern territories came a curious host of five thousand. Goliaths to a man and clad in armor that concealed their faces, they made for an unsettling sight, marching without a word of chatter. Their banner only accentuated suspicions—two pointed horns on a lilac field, the same livery beneath which the zlosta had once plunged the world into chaos.</p>

      <p>The garrison’s families peered out of their lodgings with unease as the force passed. The guards themselves, however, were surprisingly at ease. The reason was the host’s second flag, a white, one-horned horse on a lilac field. Once, it had belonged to Lox van Lebering of the Black Hand. Soldiers of the Grantzian Empire held nothing but reverence for the banner of the man who had served Mars.</p>

      <p>“I see... Signed and sealed by Fourth Prince Hiro and Second Prince Selene.”</p>

      <p>The captain of the guard accepted the letter and examined it for irregularities. Seeing that it was sealed by the royal family—and by two separate princes, no less—his stern expression broke into a smile. He bowed. “You may pass, Your Majesty. Welcome to the Grantzian Empire.”</p>

      <p>“I apologize for taking up your time,” Claudia said. “Please forgive the impropriety. I am in something of a hurry.”</p>

      <p>“Not at all, Your Majesty. To have laid eyes upon Lord Lox’s descendant is itself a blessing. One for which I must thank the Spirit King.”</p>

      <p>Claudia flashed the captain a reassuring smile. With a nod of acknowledgment, she drove her heels into her horse’s flanks.</p>

      <p>Rather improperly, he shouted after her as she rode away. “If you’ve want of lodgings, my mansion’s doors are open to you!”</p>

      <p>“I fear I have no time to waste, but thank you for your generosity!”</p>

      <p>She brought her horse around with a skillful hand and waved. Struck by the full force of her smile, the captain’s legs gave out and he collapsed onto his rear. She giggled before spurring her horse away to rejoin the head of her train.</p>

      <p>“Your Majesty!” An aide rode up to her as she returned.</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“The messenger you dispatched to Lord Hiro has returned. It seems we were correct. The war is progressing poorly.”</p>

      <p>“Is it, indeed...” Claudia set a finger to the point of her chin and lowered her eyes a shade.</p>

      <p>The aide produced a letter from his pocket. “He returned with word from Lord Hiro.”</p>

      <p>Claudia all but snatched the letter from the man’s hands. She began to chuckle under her breath as she read through the contents. “This may just be your boldest scheme yet,” she murmured, looking up at the sky. A smile spread across her face, like that of a lovestruck maiden. “So, you plot to fool the world and would sacrifice yourself to do it? My, you are a fearsome man indeed.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>