<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p>In contrast to the blazing beauty of the dharmastone in the back of her left hand, her face was a mask of loathing. By the second, she descended further and further into a pitiful, bestial state.</p>

      <p>“Hate me all you like.” Hiro smiled gently. “I’ll take it all.”</p>

      <p>He dropped his hips. A white streak split the air, and her left arm flew away. For a moment, her feet lifted from the ground, but her momentum could not be stopped, and the maelstrom of violence she unleashed could not be halted.</p>

      <p>“Aaaaaahhh! Give him back! Give him back! <em>Give him baaaaaack!</em>”</p>

      <p>She swung wildly, her stance full of openings, but Hiro, weakened as he was, could not react quickly enough. He took the blow full-on. A grisly crunch echoed through the air. He couldn’t guess how many bones he’d broken, but he gritted his teeth against the pain and stayed standing.</p>

      <p>“Only after people lose something precious can they become truly strong. And you will be strong indeed.”</p>

      <p>Hiro’s arm shifted position. Sensing danger, Luka leaped back.</p>

      <p>“It’s no use. You’ll have to run a lot farther than that to escape the darkness.”</p>

      <p>Thence came Muspell—Mortal Terror.</p>

      <p>Luka stopped dead. Only her eyes remained in motion, filling with surprise. Around Hiro, everything that lived had fallen free from time’s flow—grass, wind, insects, horses, and men, all likewise frozen in place.</p>

      <p>“To slay time itself. That is the power of Dáinsleif’s Graal.” Hiro raised his black blade until it lay flat, the tip pointed at Luka. “All lives are beckoned likewise to nothingness.”</p>

      <p>And he unleashed Schwartzwald—Deathly Stillness.</p>

      <p>No change came upon the field. Time remained frozen in its tracks. Yet the pressure in the air magnified. A blood-chilling presence cradled the world. A moment passed in stillness, and then a gout of blood exploded from Luka’s chest.</p>

      <p>“Wha...?”</p>

      <p>She gazed dumbly at the crimson streak arcing through the sky. Her eyes rolled back into her head and she slumped to the ground. No sooner had she fallen than Hiro collapsed to one knee, vomiting blood.</p>

      <p>“Ngh... Looks like I didn’t quite cut deep enough.”</p>

      <p>He narrowed his eyes at her, grimacing. Judging by the shuddering of her shoulders, she was still alive.</p>

      <p>“Medics! Attend to her!”</p>

      <p>A commanding voice pierced the air. Before Hiro’s eyes, a unit of medics converged on Luka.</p>

      <p>“Truly, you are monstrous indeed.”</p>

      <p>At last, the woman waiting on the back lines stepped forward. With her fan spread wide and an elegant smile on her lips, she looked every bit a legendary beauty—but on closer inspection, that smile had the calculating twist of a serpent regarding its prey.</p>

      <p>“I fear I cannot lose her yet. From here on out, ’twill be me you face.”</p>

      <p>“Jumping in at the eleventh hour, are you? Hoping to steal their glory?”</p>

      <p>“Those who fall on the battlefield have only their own weakness to blame.” Lucia grinned without a hint of shame. “Had they the wherewithal to win glory, they would have done.”</p>

      <p>With a wry smile, Hiro drove Dáinsleif into the earth and levered himself to his feet. “So is this it, then? Do we fight?”</p>

      <p>“But of course. I do desire your head, after all.”</p>

      <p>Lucia’s lascivious smile oozed pitch-black seduction that would bring any man to his knees. Here was a true femme fatale; she made Claudia look like a precocious child.</p>

      <p>“I would prefer you not resist. I would rather keep that darling face intact.” She held up a glowing dharmastone. From the blood crusted on its surface, it could only have been Luka’s. “But fear not. I shall love your corpse no matter what becomes of it.”</p>

      <p>All at once, her arm was a blur of motion. Her hand sank into Hiro’s stomach like a blade. A scream forced its way from Hiro’s mouth. It felt like she was rearranging his innards.</p>

      <p>Lucia’s remaining arm folded around him lovingly as her cheeks flushed a sensual red. “Your battle lit such a fire in my breast,” she whispered. Her face was rapturous as her teeth closed hungrily on his ear, and sweet sighs tickled his eardrum as her tongue traced his earlobe.</p>

      <p>At that moment, the Black Camellia mustered its strength, struggling feebly to move.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Still you resist?” Lucia’s brow furrowed in an irritable frown, and she flicked open her fan. That slight gesture was enough to render the garment silent. She slowly retracted her hand, making certain that Hiro felt every inch of it. “I suppose you ought to know—I too bear a Dharmic Blade.”</p>

      <p>Hiro groaned weakly. It felt like she was dragging his guts out of his body—like there was a hole where something important should be. If anything, however, the opposite was true. She had left Luka’s dharmastone behind within his body.</p>

      <p>She gave a demure laugh. “Why so plaintive? Have you grown to miss my touch so soon?”</p>

      <p>He wanted to say that she made him sick, but when he opened his mouth to speak, he only coughed up blood.</p>

      <p>Lucia regarded his wan features for a moment, licking her gore-stained fingers. “Mmm. How delectable...and how deeply sinful.” She shot him a sidelong glance as she licked droplets of scarlet from the back of her hand like a cat. “So you too have partaken of the power of the Demiurgos—the Faceless King.”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, she was flying. She plowed into the ground in the midst of the soldiers treating Luka. A dust cloud blasted up into the air. Voices rose, shouting after her safety.</p>

      <p>Hiro rolled his shoulders. His face was as pale as a corpse, but a flame burned in his eyes—the flame of rage. He took a step forward...and collapsed to one knee.</p>

      <p>“Ah,” he murmured. “Of course.”</p>

      <p>Only then did he notice the blood pouring from his right shoulder. The hole in his stomach, too, showed no sign of closing, spewing forth a fearsome volume of blood to feed the soil. The power of the dharmastone had disabled his regenerative abilities.</p>

      <p>He narrowed his eyes. “I’d love to know how deeply you had to search to find that out.”</p>

      <p>The dust cloud dispersed, revealing Lucia standing unharmed. “Why, to the bottom, of course. I know all there is to know about you. Who you truly are, how you became the poor creature that stands before me now. She told me all.”</p>

      <p>“And who is ‘she’?”</p>

      <p>Lucia’s eyebrows rose. “Oh? I was led to believe that you were already acquainted.”</p>

      <p>Hiro fell silent for a moment. “Nameless.”</p>

      <p>They—she—lay at the root of everything. She was collaborating with Orcus and their desire to resurrect their Father, and it was she who had manipulated Stovell into starting his rebellion.</p>

      <p>“Well, at least now my path is clear.” The whisper was for his own ears alone. He tensed his trembling knees and forced himself to his feet.</p>

      <p>“Men!” a voice cried out. “Bring me the head of Hiro Schwartz von Grantz!”</p>

      <p>The command dripped red-hot rage. It did not come from Lucia. Hiro knew its source immediately. Luka stood nearby, her treatment unfinished, leaning on a soldier for support, but glaring down at him with hatred in her eyes.</p>

      <p>“I do not believe you command this army,” Lucia retorted.</p>

      <p>“Silence! I will have vengeance for my brother!”</p>

      <p>The soldiers watched with confusion as the commanders bickered, but in the end, it was Lucia who capitulated. She threw up her hands with an exaggerated sigh. “Very well. I ask only that the corpse remain recognizable.”</p>

      <p>And like that, Hiro’s death sentence was pronounced.</p>

      <p>“Farewell, Black-Winged Lord.”</p>

      <p>“Bring me his head!” Luka’s rage-filled shriek echoed across the battlefield.</p>

      <p>The ground began to tremble, shuddering beneath a horde of armored boots. Hiro’s already bloodless face blanched as he looked around. As far as the eye could see, soldiers were closing in on him.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no way out. It looks like I’m not going to be able to keep my promise to Liz after all...</em></p>

      <p>He had not set out on this mission intending to play the hero. He had simply wanted to repay a thousand-year-old debt. The kindness that his friends had once shown him, he wanted to return through Liz. Many might laugh at that reason. They might turn up their noses at its modesty. But for Hiro, it was enough; a reason he would yield to no one, precious enough to risk his life to uphold.</p>

      <p>“So I’ll fight on.” He looked over the thirty thousand men surrounding him. “And through her, I’ll show them my devotion.”</p>

      <p>At that moment, Liz’s face flashed through his mind.</p>

      <p><em>Forgive me, Liz. I’m too awkward to express my feelings any other way.</em></p>

      <p>A serene smile spread across his face as he gazed up at the sky.</p>

      <p><em>But I have to die here. The success of my plan depends on it.</em></p>

      <p>Blue skies spread out above him, high and clear and indifferent to the blood spilled below. The heavens were beyond anyone’s reach, beyond anyone’s claim. They extended without bound, the world’s true and only ruler.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve bought the time I needed. I’ve left behind a path to the empire’s survival.</em></p>

      <p>Now that his work was done, he looked toward his final battle.</p>

      <p><em>I hope you can forgive me for saying goodbye by letter.</em></p>

      <p>With a sheepish smile, he turned his gaze earthward. The clamor around him faded away.</p>

      <p><em>Your worth as empress is about to be tested. Stay alert for any and all opportunities until you seize victory. You can afford a mistake or two. I’ve left countless possibilities at your feet; you need only stoop to pick them up.</em></p>

      <p>He lifted the black dragon standard at his feet and set it upright once more.</p>

      <p>“Well, then. What are you waiting for?”</p>

      <p>His lips curled into a bestial grin as he tightened his grip on Dáinsleif. With no one left to ride to his aid, he strode over the corpses of his allies, glowering at the encroaching enemy. Their eyes widened in astonishment at his foolhardiness.</p>

      <p>“Come on. See if you can overcome despair.”</p>

      <p>He leveled his blade at the enemy soldiers and unleashed a slash. The stroke had little weight, but it contained uncommon strength. A garden of gory flowers bloomed in the span of an instant. Heads fell to the ground with a series of sickening smacks before the dead even had time to scream.</p>

      <p>“He’s half-dead already! Don’t just stand around slack-jawed! Kill hi—”</p>

      <p>Another slash. Another buzzing insect silenced.</p>

      <p><em>This should be good enough.</em></p>

      <p>With every man rushing to be first to claim the head of Mars’s scion, the enemy lines had all but disintegrated.</p>

      <p>“I’m healed up now. No more playing around.”</p>

      <p>Hiro spoke to intimidate the enemy, but in truth, his knees were shaking hard enough to buckle at any moment. His strength was about to run dry. Still, that was no reason to make this easy. People were waiting for his return. Summoning all of his strength, he braced his foot against the earth and launched himself forward.</p>

      <p>“H-He’s a monster!”</p>

      <p>He sprinted ahead, sparing time only on the commanders, cutting down only those poor souls unfortunate enough to stand in his way.</p>

      <p><em>This isn’t good. I have to draw a little more attention to myself.</em></p>

      <p>More foes had converged on him than he had anticipated. That would get in the way of his plans.</p>

      <p>“Surrender! You’ve no hope!” an enemy officer cried, reaching for the sword on his hip.</p>

      <p>Hiro closed the distance in a heartbeat. “You mustn’t care much about living if you won’t even ready your weapon.”</p>

      <p>“Curse you—”</p>

      <p>Before the officer could draw his blade, Hiro stepped on the pommel and leaped high. “Never let your guard down on the battlefield,” he said as he struck the man’s head from his shoulders.</p>

      <p>He landed nonchalantly and surveyed his surroundings. A number of enemy soldiers had withdrawn and begun readying their bows. A fearsome number of arrowheads pointed his way.</p>

      <p>“Not bad.” Hiro’s chilling smile never faded. “You’re thinking along the right lines.”</p>

      <p>It was precisely because people did not have the strength to fight monsters barehanded that they had invented weapons at all. Bows were perhaps the ideal example; they were perfectly suited to overwhelming a foe with sheer numbers.</p>

      <p>He sighed. “But what happens when you use them at close range?”</p>

      <p>The order came to fire, unleashing a gale of arrows. When Hiro dodged out of their way, they fell upon the soldiers amassed behind him. It made for a pitiful sight. He almost felt sorry for them. How many lives were the enemy prepared to sacrifice to kill just one man? Still, the commander’s willingness to make heartless calls demonstrated their strength; they knew that a moment’s hesitation could spell defeat.</p>

      <p>Hiro snorted. “They’re clever, and they don’t hesitate. They must really want to make sure I’m dead.”</p>

      <p>Now that he had been stripped of the bulwark that was the Black Camellia, he only had one defense against the arrows descending on him: cutting down the concentrated deluge with his one remaining arm. In short, it was all he could do to avoid fatal injury. When the storm finally passed, the ground beneath him was so thickly carpeted with arrows that there was no space to walk.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha... I’m not done yet...”</p>

      <p>Tearing his feet free of the shafts pinning them to the ground, he took a step forward.</p>

      <p><em>That took out my right eye...</em></p>

      <p>One side of his field of view was mired in dark fog. When he rubbed the back of his hand against the affected area, it felt unpleasantly warm and squishy. Even so, his left eye still remained. Losing one arm was not a problem as long as the other functioned; similarly, the loss of an eye was no great matter as long as the other could still see.</p>

      <p><em>Oh... I can’t feel my hand.</em></p>

      <p>That wasn’t all. Hiro gradually became aware of other holes in his senses too.</p>

      <p><em>My wounds don’t hurt anymore either. This can only mean...</em></p>

      <p>“Now!” a voice cried. “Ready your blades!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t get ahead of yourself.”</p>

      <p>“The honor is ours, men! We’ll live like kings! Finish him and take his— Agh!”</p>

      <p>“I warned you not to get ahead of yourself. Now I need to cut you down to size.”</p>

      <p>Forcing movement from his weakened limbs, Hiro lunged forward and lopped off the officer’s head. He wielded his sword with the detached precision of a machine executing a directive. The Abyssal Sovereign sliced the head from a stunned soldier’s shoulders with a gentle touch, crushed the skull of another who was turning to run, reaped lives wherever it—</p>

      <p>“Ngh!”</p>

      <p>The strength left Hiro’s legs, sending him sprawling.</p>

      <p>“So this is the end...”</p>

      <p>He couldn’t move so much as a finger. With his face pressed against the dirt, he felt his vision darkening.</p>

      <p>“Take his head!” someone shouted. “Raise it high!”</p>

      <p>A fist seized him by the hair and wrenched his head upward. Faces loomed down into his blurring vision, twisted with greed. Cold steel set against his neck.</p>

      <p>“Hold! I will do this myself!” Luka emerged from the wall of soldiers.</p>

      <p>“’Tis a poor commander who steals her soldiers’ accomplishments. I am beginning to think you are ill suited to the role.” Lucia appeared by her side, stone crunching beneath her feet. Her brows furrowed as though she were scrutinizing an exotic animal. “My, but what a futile show this was. Surely you knew that there was no escape. There is no undoing this defeat.”</p>

      <p>Hiro snorted. “You’re the ones who’ve lost. Can’t you hear the sound of your defeat?”</p>

      <p>“I hear nothing. But I don’t doubt that false hope rings sweet in dying ears.”</p>

      <p>“Maybe so. But to me it sounds like Six Kingdoms’ downfall.”</p>

      <p>“And to me, it seems your life ebbs away by the second.”</p>

      <p>“Then I win.”</p>

      <p>Hiro had seen through Lucia’s schemes from the very beginning. That the head of House Maruk and the rest of the central nobles were in bed with Six Kingdoms, that von Kirschia and the western nobles were in on it too—all of it. They would have been obstacles to the future that he hoped to build, but his reputation would suffer if he had executed them without proof. How, then, to get rid of them? The best way was to send them to die in battle against Six Kingdoms, which would also buy the empire time to assemble its defense.</p>

      <p>“Really, I should thank you,” Hiro said.</p>

      <p>“I was well aware that you had seen through my schemes—but seeing as all I desire is your head, I am nonetheless content with the result.”</p>

      <p>“So am I.”</p>

      <p>Lucia’s smile froze. “Excuse me?”</p>

      <p>Hiro’s lips pulled into a sinister smile. “The final stage of my plan is the hero’s death.”</p>

      <p>“Do you truly believe idle threats shall preserve your life?”</p>

      <p>It was true that renowned warriors were easily deified. Someone as famous as a war hero would likely be venerated as a god. The military nation that was the Grantzian Empire would make full use of Hiro’s death; it would justify the war in the eyes of the people, and his deification would raise the soldiers’ morale. It could even lend them leverage in diplomatic negotiations with other nations.</p>

      <p>“Your head is worth more to me than anything I might forfeit.”</p>

      <p>“I’m glad. The success of my plans depends on it.”</p>

      <p>“Defiant to the last...” Lucia snapped her fan shut with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“Stand back, Your Majesty! If all is said and done, I will take his life!” Luka’s boots crunched as she approached and laid a keen blade against Hiro’s neck.</p>

      <p>“You certainly kept me waiting.”</p>

      <p>“Silence!” she barked.</p>

      <p>Hiro lowered his gaze. The pebbles on the ground were trembling faintly. A savage grin spread across his face.</p>

      <p>“Kept me waiting for far too long.”</p>

      <p>The blade swung down.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p>“Hiro? Are you listening?”</p>

      <p>She brushed her crimson tresses back behind her ear as she peered into his eyes. Over her shoulder, the hillside was bathed in sunset hues.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, what?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, you’re unbelievable sometimes! I <em>said,</em> why did you decide to help me?”</p>

      <p>He gave a rueful smile and shrugged. “Do I need to have a reason to help someone?”</p>

      <p>She grabbed his cheek and tugged gently. “No deflecting, mister!”</p>

      <p>“Yesh...”</p>

      <p>Her physical punishments were always vicious. They didn’t hurt, but that only made them more effective at flooding his heart with guilt.</p>

      <p>“I know I’m not very clever, and I bet that causes you all kinds of trouble. I mean, I can have a short fuse, and I often act without thinking...”</p>

      <p>“Well, at least you’re self-aware.”</p>

      <p>“You weren’t supposed to agree with that.” The corners of her mouth twitched. Apparently, she had been expecting him to push back a little. Still, she recovered quickly and clasped her hands behind her back. “Well, anyway, I suppose the point is, I want you to find something that <em>you</em> want to do.”</p>

      <p>“What point? What’s this about?”</p>

      <p>“If you really, truly think I’m worthy of the throne, from the bottom of your heart, then I want you to help me get there.”</p>

      <p>He said nothing, letting her continue.</p>

      <p>“I’ll get stronger. And wiser. That’ll take some of the weight off your shoulders, right?”</p>

      <p>“Right.”</p>

      <p>She gave a bashful little smile. His eyes half-closed as a sudden pang of solitude plucked at his chest.</p>

      <p><em>She might not look anything like Artheus, but she’s got his heart.</em></p>

      <p>What would he say if he was here to see her? If he was alive, in this age, in this time?</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>