<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue</h1>

      <p>A great cheer went up. From within the cloud of dust, a victory cry echoed across the land. Flame consumed the black dragon banners, turning them to ash that scattered on the wind. Corpses emblazoned with golden lions sank into the dirt beneath the dancing feet of rejoicing soldiers. Such was the occasion that they forgot all protocol. They looked toward the center of the host, where a garishly dressed woman held a severed head high.</p>

      <p>Amidst the uproar, however, there were those who watched in silence. They stood among the soldiers, neither noticed nor chastised, yet clearly distinct from their fellows. The air around them carried a biting cold that pierced the skin and clawed at the bowels. While the men around them whooped and cheered, their faces betrayed no emotion to speak of.</p>

      <p>“The Lord’s presence fades. The usurper is no more.”</p>

      <p>“Then what shall we do now?”</p>

      <p>There was no joy in their eyes, no sorrow in their voices, no anger in their bearing. They spoke only what was, in a tone without inflection.</p>

      <p>“The time has come to emerge from the abyss.”</p>

      <p>The wind shuddered. The air groaned. A tangible change had occurred, but it went unseen and unheard. That which passed within a closed world was not for outside ears.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Father, hear our prayer. Curse the foolish with eternal torment. Oh, Father, hear our prayer. Bless your faithful with eternal rest.”</p>

      <p>And, unseen and unheard, they disappeared.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>