<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 14</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Rio observed every small move Lucius made so that he could react if he tried to harm Christina and Flora. Then, Lucius suddenly hugged Christina towards him, Flora still on her back.</p>

      <p>“Eep...!” Christina let out a shriek as she lost balance. Meanwhile, Lucius took his gaze off Rio and looked into the distance. Immediately after that, Lucius, Christina, and Flora disappeared.</p>

      <p>“What?!” The one who raised his voice in confusion was Duran, who had been silent until now. He was astonished by Lucius’s sudden disappearance, but—</p>

      <p><em>Over there!</em></p>

      <p>Rio was able to identify Lucius’s location with precision. He could see someone falling from the sky several meters away, as though he had teleported there.</p>

      <p>However, Rio wasn’t about to lose to that. He used his wind spirit arts to forcefully accelerate his body and approach Lucius.</p>

      <p>“Eek!”</p>

      <p>Lucius grabbed the fabric of Christina’s dress and threw her and Flora together towards the ground. The fabric at the middle of the back of her dress ripped loudly. There was no way she’d walk away unharmed after falling several dozen meters.</p>

      <p>“Tch...” Rio manipulated the wind to super forcefully change his direction, accelerate, and catch the falling Christina and Flora. He then landed on the ground with the two of them.</p>

      <p>“Protect them if you can.” Lucius stood behind Rio, his sword swinging down from overhead.</p>

      <p><em>He’s so fast! Wait, this is—</em></p>

      <p>Rio hugged Christina and Flora close to him as he parried the blow one-handedly with his sword. But even he couldn’t handle that much—his balance was completely thrown off, and he could barely manage to parry the attack.</p>

      <p>“Hey, what’s the matter? Huh?! Your movements have dulled!” Lucius swung his sword without a care.</p>

      <p>“Guh...” With Christina and Flora embraced in his grasp, Rio stood his ground to fight back, but he was at too much of a disadvantage. Even Christina could tell that just by looking.</p>

      <p>“Sir Amakawa, you can throw me aside!” Christina twisted her body around to plead at him in a panic.</p>

      <p>“It’s dangerous, so please stay still. Keep a tight hold of Princess Flora and don’t let go of me!” Rio ordered, hugging Christina even closer.</p>

      <p>“Your back’s wide open!”</p>

      <p>Lucius suddenly disappeared from before Rio. In the next moment, he was standing diagonally behind him, swinging his sword at his back. However, as though predicting that move, Rio charged forward with Christina embraced in one arm. Lucius’s sword cut through empty space at the last moment.</p>

      <p><em>He really is teleporting after all. The last time we fought, he also moved as though he was teleporting, but he didn’t base his fight around this ability. Is it the power of his sword? Or does it have something to do with his eye? There’s quite a lot of magic essence flowing from it...</em></p>

      <p>Rio evaded the attacks while analyzing the situation with precision. He surmised that the reason why it seemed like Lucius had teleported was probably because he really <em>had</em> teleported.</p>

      <p>In reality, he’d been able to predict Lucius’s warp destination just now by feeling the fluctuation of ode and mana around him. But it was still an extremely troublesome ability—he wouldn’t be able to let Christina and Flora escape somewhere safe like this. Thanks to that, Rio was unable to separate from the two of them, which made it impossible for him to move at high speeds.</p>

      <p>This made close combat rather difficult, as Lucius was able to move freely by teleporting around. His prospects were far too poor like this...which was why Rio decided to discard his hand. He gathered the essence within him and stomped against the ground.</p>

      <p>A two-meter-wide circle of earth underneath Rio and Christina’s feet protruded from the ground, lifting them ten meters into the air.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” The sudden floating sensation had Christina shell-shocked. She was tremendously confused by the sight of the ground beneath her feet rising like a living tower.</p>

      <p>“Impudent brat!” Lucius swung his sword diagonally upwards from the ground.</p>

      <p>The black blade of his sword released a pitch-black strike, severing the earth tower Rio had created at the base.</p>

      <p>Rio put essence into his feet and leaped off the tower before it crumbled. Immediately after, the earth tower that had acted as his foothold fell apart into rectangular blocks that floated in the air.</p>

      <p><em>Wh-What’s happening? What’s the meaning of this? Are we floating as well?!</em></p>

      <p>Christina glanced around in a panic, looking at the blocks floating in the air and themselves in mute amazement.</p>

      <p>No one had uttered any spells to activate magic until now, yet all kinds of supernatural phenomena kept happening one after another. Her surprise was only natural.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Rio looked down at Lucius on the ground and pointed his sword at him. No sooner had he done so than the group of blocks floating in the air all started falling towards the ground at a rapid speed. No, it was like they had been fired by an invisible power.</p>

      <p>If each block weighed several kilograms, they should make quite the impact by the time they fell to the ground. In reality, the blocks that crashed into the ground created small craters and dust clouds.</p>

      <p><em>Wh-What is that? What’s happening? Is Sir Amakawa using the ability of his enchanted sword? But wasn’t his enchanted sword a wind sword?</em></p>

      <p>Christina could no longer keep up with the situation. However, Flora had once witnessed Rio fight using spirit arts, so she wasn’t as surprised as her older sister. Still suffering from the poison, her expression was dazed as she looked down at the ground.</p>

      <p>But, just then—</p>

      <p><em>Boom!</em></p>

      <p>A tremendous explosion roared from behind Christina and Flora.</p>

      <p><em>Wh-What?!</em></p>

      <p>Christina whipped around in confusion. There stood Lucius, who should have been on the ground, with his sword held overhead.</p>

      <p>“Tch...”</p>

      <p>And yet, he was unable to slash Christina and Flora in the back. Rio had created a barrier of magic essence to block Lucius’s sword. Still, a single blow from Lucius’s blade had enough force to crack the barrier...</p>

      <p>At any rate, Lucius’s attack was blocked, making him click his tongue in irritation. Christina and Flora could also see the faint light wall blocking Lucius’s sword from reaching him. They also knew that it was Rio who had put up the barrier, though they hadn’t seen him do so.</p>

      <p>“Now it’s my turn,” Rio said, summoning orbs of light several centimeters wide around him. Of course, Lucius had no intention of just taking the hit and disappeared on the spot.</p>

      <p>But Rio was able to predict where Lucius would move to with a high degree of precision. He fired the orbs at the area on the ground where he foresaw Lucius appearing. There were about a hundred or so orbs of light that orbited in the air before falling to the ground. In addition, Rio made full use of his tremendous magic essence to continuously create more orbs, firing them at the ground. It almost looked like a meteor shower of light orbs.</p>

      <p><em>Wh-What? What is this, really...?</em> Christina became even more confused.</p>

      <p>At the Royal Academy, Rio had been mocked as a failure for being unable to make a contract with magic. And yet, now he could create magical phenomena without even chanting a spell... He was even flying in the air, with no sign of falling anytime soon.</p>

      <p>The rain of light orbs Rio was firing each had the might of a lower-grade spell, but together they were an overwhelming threat. And he was firing them a hundred at a time towards the ground every few seconds. Did he have an endless amount of essence? The scale of the phenomenon being created was greater than advanced magic—it was practically on par with the highest grade of attack magic possible.</p>

      <p>However, Lucius was also impressive. He dashed about the ground, swinging his sword to cut down the light orbs while evading the rain of attacks. He sometimes disappeared and reappeared in a different position in the distance.</p>

      <p>After a while, Lucius came to a stop and looked up at Rio floating in the air. Suddenly, a voice sounded from above their heads.</p>

      <p>“Here, you can have these back.”</p>

      <p>Lucius was looking down from ten meters above Rio’s head, pointing the tip of his sword at him. Immediately after, several hundred orbs of light surrounded Rio in every direction.</p>

      <p><em>Did he absorb my light bullets to use himself?</em></p>

      <p>Rio immediately deduced that there was no possible escape route and poured essence into his sword. He created a storm to blow the orbs away, forcibly making a hole in the encirclement. He then tried to escape through it.</p>

      <p>“I won’t let you!” Lucius teleported to cut into Rio’s exit route. He poured magic essence into his sword to stock up dark energy and strike Rio with it.</p>

      <p>However, Rio also poured essence into his sword to counter Lucius’s attack with a blast of wind. Their respective energies clashed, forming a tremendous shock wave.</p>

      <p><em>What a fight this is...</em></p>

      <p>Christina had been desperately clinging to Rio with Flora in her arms for some time now, watching the battle that she couldn’t believe was happening between two humans. Flora seemed to be having a tough time being moved around midair so much, as her feverish eyes were unable to stay focused.</p>

      <p>“Damn it...” While Lucius could teleport, he wasn’t able to fly—the shock wave from his attack hitting Rio’s sent him falling down. The fact he wasn’t able to defeat Rio despite his favorable position made his brow furrow in frustration as he teleported straight to the ground.</p>

      <p>Rio also lowered his altitude, glaring at Lucius as he descended. Once he landed, about ten meters of ground lifted up in square tiles.</p>

      <p>“Wha...?!” The sudden spectacle left Christina speechless once more.</p>

      <p>The tiles that lifted up blocked their view of Lucius before them—in fact, they collapsed over him, crushing him underneath.</p>

      <p>However, Lucius teleported to evade the attack, moving out of the range of the tiles that lifted up and fell—based on his original position, he had moved horizontally to the side.</p>

      <p><em>He didn’t teleport through the wall... That confirms it. Lucius’s teleportation ability only allows him to move where his left eye can see.</em></p>

      <p>Using the attack just now, Rio was able to confirm what he had noticed while firing the orbs of light at Lucius from above.</p>

      <p>“Tch...” Lucius clicked his tongue in annoyance.</p>

      <p>“Is Princess Flora all right?” Rio suddenly asked Christina, who now stood beside him. Dazed, she snapped back to her senses and answered him in an apologetic tone.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes... Umm. To be honest, she’s not in the best condition. She’s been poisoned with a toxin that couldn’t be treated with magic.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Then we shouldn’t move her around too much,” Rio said, staring at Lucius standing ten or so meters before them.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no doubt that Lucius’s enchanted sword can control space. His main powers are the ability to teleport short distances visible to his left eye, and the ability to absorb spirit arts and fire them back. He hasn’t used it yet this match, but he can also open a hole in space and thrust his sword through it like last time. That essence-engulfed left arm of his must also have some kind of trick to it...</em></p>

      <p>Rio recalled their fight thus far and analyzed the ability of Lucius’s enchanted sword. Those were the highlights he had to be careful of.</p>

      <p>Just then, Lucius transferred his sword from his right hand to his left hand.</p>

      <p><em>He switched his sword to his left hand? Wasn’t he right-handed?</em></p>

      <p>He had always fought with his right hand until now. Rio grew more wary of Lucius’s left arm.</p>

      <p>“There’s one thing I find incomprehensible,” Lucius suddenly said to Rio.</p>

      <p>“...” Rio watched him silently.</p>

      <p>“Be it your spirit arts, swordsmanship, or martial arts—where did you learn all of it?”</p>

      <p>“Who knows?”</p>

      <p>“You’re far too proficient in your movements. Even if you have talent, there’s a crazy amount of experience behind your skills. It’s not something a brat in his teens should be capable of. Supposing that you learned your swordcraft during your childhood, you would have learned it from the Royal Academy in Beltrum—but those movements aren’t the Beltrum Kingdom style.”</p>

      <p>“...They’re my own style.”</p>

      <p>“Your own style? Well, whatever. It’s time for round two—a fresh start. Unfortunately, however, I’m right-handed. I may not be able to go as easy on you with my left arm, so don’t hold it against me.” Despite his clear suspicion at Rio’s answer, Lucius dismissed the matter and checked his grip on the sword clutched in his left hand.</p>

      <p><em>The left arm is the one I burned away without a trace in the last match. It must have been regenerated through some kind of forbidden technique along with that left eye...</em></p>

      <p>The fact he switched his sword meant the ability couldn’t be activated unless the sword was in his left hand.</p>

      <p>“Wh...?!”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, Lucius swung his sword ten-odd meters in front of Rio, but the blade of the sword had disappeared and was closing in from behind. Rio promptly held his sword ready behind his back and caught the blow. The sound of clashing metal screeched, surprising Christina into looking for the source of the sound. When she spotted the blade that had warped through space to float in the air, she broke out in a cold sweat.</p>

      <p>“Ha! So you’ll react to this attack like it’s nothing as well, huh? Come to think of it, I’ve used this move once before the last time we fought. But...” Lucius said unhappily as Rio thought to himself.</p>

      <p><em>If he can use that attack just now without any restriction, it might be a little risky trying to do this while protecting two other people.</em></p>

      <p>Rio felt a sharp pang of danger—and that danger had already approached. Another sharp clashing screech echoed.</p>

      <p>“Huh...?”</p>

      <p>Christina looked in the direction of the sound. This time it didn’t come from behind Rio, but Christina. Rio had gone around her to catch the blow—even though Lucius was still standing over ten meters away. Then, at the next metallic clash in succession, she finally understood. Once again, although Lucius was before them, this time it came from the left of Flora...</p>

      <p><em>...Is he warping just the blade of his sword using space sorcery?</em></p>

      <p>The reality was exactly as it appeared, and Christina was filled with terror the moment she understood it.</p>

      <p>“I knew it—you can tell where my attacks are coming from, can’t you? Cheeky bastard. But this isn’t all I’ve got—thanks to the left arm you lopped off, I can use my sword even better than before. Here, let’s turn up the pace,” Lucius said, then resumed swinging his sword. One swing, then another, followed by one more—all at different angles and speeds.</p>

      <p><em>Clang, clang, clang</em>. The sound of swords clashing gradually got faster. Rio saw through Lucius’s attacks and knocked back all the blows, but he was treading on thin ice doing so.</p>

      <p>“...” Christina was frozen stiff. All she was doing was standing, yet she felt closer to death than living. The attacks seemingly came from nowhere, but Rio blocked them all for her—that was the only thing keeping her alive.</p>

      <p>This made it even harder for Rio to leave Christina and Flora. The moment he did, the two of them were as good as dead.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry. Simply slashing from afar isn’t artistic enough for my tastes. I’ll come closer, then,” Lucius said, using his teleportation to warp behind Christina and Flora. By the time he finished warping, he had already made a stabbing motion.</p>

      <p>Rio immediately cut between Lucius and the princesses, but the distance to Lucius was oddly far.</p>

      <p><em>Oh no!</em></p>

      <p>Rio hurried back to his original position as soon as he realized why. The next moment, the blade of the sword Lucius held came flying. If Rio hadn’t returned, it would have pierced through Christina’s body, but—</p>

      <p>“Guh...”</p>

      <p>Though it had only been a moment, that moment cost Rio everything. He was unable to block the attack successfully and took the blade in his left arm.</p>

      <p>“S-Sir Amakawa?!” Christina paled. It was clear that he had been stabbed in order to protect her.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>