<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 14</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 6: The Whereabouts of the Royal Siblings</h1>

      <p>The day after Christina and Flora were sent to the Paladia Forest, the two of them silently walked through the forest during the afternoon hours, trying to make their way out. Though they took some breaks, they had been walking continuously since morning.</p>

      <p>Flora’s healing magic could soothe away their physical fatigue, but there was nothing that could be done about their mental fatigue. Being cornered into an extreme situation like this—on top of going through the commotion of Flora being bitten by a spider in the morning—meant they had long surpassed the limits of their minds.</p>

      <p>“How are you holding up, Flora?” Christina asked, stopping frequently to check up on Flora as she walked behind her.</p>

      <p>“I’m fine.” Flora nodded with a brave smile, sweating profusely.</p>

      <p>“You’ve been staggering for a while now.”</p>

      <p>Though they only just took a break a short moment ago.</p>

      <p>“Ehehe... Umm, I think I may be a little hungry. It seems I don’t have much of an appetite when walking.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, I lost track of time. Let’s have lunch.”</p>

      <p>They had been so preoccupied with walking, their sense for hunger had probably been numbed. However, they surely had to be starving—their declining ability to think was evidence of that.</p>

      <p>“Okay.”</p>

      <p>Though she smiled brightly, exhaustion showed on Flora’s face. Christina let Flora rest while she prepared a meal by herself.</p>

      <p>The menu was the same as yesterday afternoon, yesterday night, and this morning—grains boiled with preserved meat into a soup seasoned with salt, along with stiff, dry bread.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t very delicious to begin with, yet they had eaten it for four meals in a row. They were definitely bored of it by now, but they were in no position to complain.</p>

      <p><em>It really makes one realize just how luxurious the food Sir Amakawa and Orphia made on our journey was.</em></p>

      <p>Christina looked down at the simmering soup with conflicted thoughts, but this wasn’t the time to be lost in her sentiments. She pulled herself together and turned around to look for Flora, who was resting behind her.</p>

      <p>“It’s almost ready, Flo... Flora?!”</p>

      <p>She paled at the sight of her little sister wrapped in a blanket, slumped limply on the ground. Abandoning her cooking, she rushed over to her.</p>

      <p>“Hah... Hah... Christina?” Flora replied, breathing heavily.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong?”</p>

      <p>“I’m fine. I’m just a little tired.”</p>

      <p>“But you’re sweating so much. Why are you wrapped in a blanket?”</p>

      <p>Christina took out her handkerchief and started wiping Flora’s sweat. She then tried to lift the blanket, but—</p>

      <p>“I’m fine. I’m just cold.”</p>

      <p>Flora refused to let go of the blanket. She curled up into a ball, sticking only her flushed face out. Her eyes seemed to be out of focus, her pupils wavering drowsily.</p>

      <p>“...Show me what’s under the blanket.”</p>

      <p>Christina had a bad feeling and paused for a long moment before grabbing Flora’s hand. Then, she lifted up the blanket once again. Flora had either given up or didn’t have any energy left to object, as the blanket lifted easily.</p>

      <p>“Ever since our last break, my neck suddenly started feeling hot... So I was casting <em>purgo </em>and <em>cura </em>underneath the blanket...” Flora explained in a faint voice. The area where she was bitten by the spider this morning had gradually turned black.</p>

      <p>“...I’m sorry,” Christina apologized, her voice heavy with regret. She had been so desperate to leave the forest, she had failed to notice the abnormality in Flora that normally would have been evident to her.</p>

      <p><em>I can’t believe we walked for hours while poison was flowing through her body...</em></p>

      <p>Why didn’t Flora say anything until now? Perhaps it was because saying something wouldn’t have helped.</p>

      <p>“Why are you apologizing, Christina? I’m the sorry one... I wasn’t actually hungry, I just wanted to rest a little...”</p>

      <p>“Oh, goodness... What a fool. You should have just said so.” Overwhelmed by her helplessness, Christina held back her tears. She was actually calling herself a fool.</p>

      <p>“But...”</p>

      <p>“No buts. Can you drink water? What about food?”</p>

      <p>“Water...”</p>

      <p>“Here.”</p>

      <p>She placed the cup against Flora’s mouth and let her gulp the water down.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, I don’t think I can eat. Even though you went through the trouble of cooking...” Flora apologized with a pained look.</p>

      <p>“That doesn’t matter at all. I’ll carry you from now on. We have to leave the forest as soon as possible...” The poison gnawing at Flora’s body didn’t seem to be lethal, but she didn’t feel relieved at all. They had to leave immediately.</p>

      <p><em>We’ll take a little bit of food along, but we’ll have to leave the rest behind.</em></p>

      <p>Christina looked around at their supplies before promptly putting out the fire heating the soup and organizing their belongings. They departed from the area soon after.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>One hour passed. Christina carried Flora on her back as she walked, hoping to leave the forest as soon as possible. It seemed like Flora was approaching her limit: her high fever had left her so exhausted, she was currently unconscious.</p>

      <p>“Hah... Hah...” Christina panted. Her fatigue had been accumulating this entire time, but now she was carrying another person through the uneven forest on top of that.</p>

      <p>Since her high heels weren’t suitable for walking, she had thrown them away. Walking barefoot meant she stepped on rocks and twigs that injured her, making her feet bleed and protest in pain.</p>

      <p>The air in the forest was cool, but the constant walking left her body flushed hot. She was also sweating a lot, making her dress stick to her uncomfortably. With Flora and her high fever being carried on her back, the fabric there was completely soaked.</p>

      <p>However, Christina didn’t begrudge that in the slightest as she walked. She didn’t slow down her pace at all. In fact, whenever she felt like she was struggling, she sped up as though to scold herself for it.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>