<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Thank you for picking up Volume 4 of <em>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles</em>. To my returning readers, I hope you’ve been well these past three months. To anyone starting with Volume 4...is there anyone? Surely not, right? But on the off chance there is, it’s a pleasure to meet you.</p>

      <p>Now, I’m very aware that three months feels like a long time from a reader’s point of view, but now that I’m in the writer’s chair, it feels extremely short. Volume 1 can’t have gone on sale more than a year ago, and now we’re on Volume 4.</p>

      <p>The past twelve months have been a roller coaster and went by about as quickly. I could probably fill a respectable novel just recounting my experiences. Seeing my own books for sale on the shelves was a particularly memorable moment from last year, although after that, the run-up to the new year was an overworked blur. I was delighted to receive fan mail after the turn of the year, and I’ve also been attending parties that I felt very unqualified to be at, although now that I look back, I’m glad I went. It’s been a time full of valuable experiences, and if the future holds more of the same I’ll have no complaints. You never know what life has in store, though, so I don’t want to get too complacent.</p>

      <p>Anyway, I’d better get to the thank-yous.</p>

      <p>Thank you to Miyuki Ruria-sama, who has brought both my new and returning characters to life in dazzling detail for yet another volume. I always look forward to receiving your roughs. Thank you to my editors, S-sama and D-sama, whom I inconvenienced greatly for the second volume straight. I’m sure this is far from the last time I’ll make a nuisance of myself, but I look forward to working together in the future. A heartfelt thank-you to everyone in the editorial department, the proofreaders, the designers, and everybody else who played a part in making this book a reality. My deepest apologies to my coworkers, whom I also caused a great deal of trouble. And, last but not least, thank you from the bottom of my heart to all of the readers who have stuck with me since the last volume. It’s because of you that I’ve made it this far.</p>

      <p>I’ll be keeping the chuuni rays on full blast over here, so I hope you’ll stick around.</p>

      <p>Until then, I hope we meet again.</p>

      <p class="signature">奉 (Tatematsuri)</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>