<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>The Black Chronicle</h2>

      <p>On Aura’s seventh birthday, her father gifted her a book with a jet-black cover. “Read this,” he told her. “It will serve you well.”</p>

      <p>The name of the book was the Black Chronicle. It did not take much imagination to understand what her father meant. Almost nobody in Aletia bore true, purest black. The hue belonged to one man alone: Held Rey Schwartz von Grantz, the second emperor.</p>

      <p>The Hero King of Twinned Black, the arbiter of victory, the wearer of the mask, born to rule the battlefield, a strategist to transcend the world of men. He had many names and many titles, but the greatest of them all was that of Mars, taken on his induction into the Grantzian pantheon. Even in the modern age, the War God commanded overwhelming popularity all across the empire.</p>

      <p>“Is it good?”</p>

      <p>Perhaps inspired by her house’s reputation as a producer of exceptional strategists, by the age of seven, Aura had set her sights on a dream: to become a commander worthy of carving her name into imperial history.</p>

      <p>“Very,” her father replied. “I can promise you that. I’ve read through it myself.”</p>

      <p>Aura peered at the Black Chronicle curiously and cocked her head. “Is this new?” she asked. She had read every book in the house cover to cover and could recite those concerning the War God by heart, but she did not recognize this one.</p>

      <p>“Fresh off the presses. It has tales of the War God that you won’t find in any prior text, as well as a commendable overview of the tactics he used in battle. I’m sure you’ll find it to your liking.”</p>

      <p>“All right. I’ll read it.”</p>

      <p>Aura dipped her head in a little bow. With a pitter-patter of footsteps, she hurried back to her room. She could hardly contain herself as dove under the covers, and her chest fluttered with anticipation as she cracked open the cover. In the military nation that was the Grantzian Empire, the War God’s name was sacred. He was favored, revered, and loved by all.</p>

      <p>“Schwartz was amazing...”</p>

      <p>Aura, who aspired to be a commander, was no exception. There was no end to Schwartz’s inspirational deeds, and his ingenious strategies were too numerous to count.</p>

      <p>“Fascinating...”</p>

      <p>Even a thousand years later, he retained a captivating power like no other historical figure. His missing years shrouded in mystery, the remaining years devoted to the battlefield, the twists and turns that shaped his journey to the height of glory—no matter which account she read, Aura always finished the last page with the same impression.</p>

      <p>“He could have conquered the world.”</p>

      <p>Perhaps not even Schwartz could have made the Grantzian Empire eternal, but if he had been the first to take the crown, it would certainly be even vaster than it was today.</p>

      <p>In any case, Aura’s conclusion was simple: “This book is a treasure.”</p>

      <p>The author’s name was not given, but they had a gift for conveying the War God’s timeless appeal. She owed her father greatly for the present. No, before that, she owed the War God himself. Without his wondrous feats, the book would never have been written at all.</p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p>She glanced out of the window. Darkness was setting in.</p>

      <p>“Just one more time.”</p>

      <p>The afterglow of the reading deserved to be basked in just a while longer. Besides, she was far too excited to sleep. Naturally, “just one more time” lasted until morning. In the end, she read the Black Chronicle cover to cover for three days straight, and only a furious scolding from her mother stopped it from becoming four.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p>“And the Black Chronicle has been like a part of me ever since,” Aura finished.</p>

      <p>Could anybody in the world hear a story like that and not blush? If so, they weren’t Hiro. He covered his ears and hid his face, assailed by an indescribable embarrassment.</p>

      <p>A small palm smacked the top of his head. “Are you listening?”</p>

      <p>He looked back up to see Aura’s leaden eyes looking slightly miffed. “Uh...I got that you’re a fan of the second emperor, at any rate.”</p>

      <p>She shook her head furiously, waving her palms in front of her face. “I’m not a <em>fan</em>. I <em>love</em> him.” Her hands clenched into determined little fists. With her face as expressionless as ever, it was hard to be certain how serious she really was, but in any case, that wasn’t a confession to make in front of Emperor Schwartz himself.</p>

      <p>“You should read it.” Aura thrust the Black Chronicle out in front of her.</p>

      <p>Hiro would rather have been tortured than read a tell-all account of his own past, but he didn’t want to disappoint the starry-eyed girl in front of him. After a moment’s hesitation, he took the book. He would simply have to grit his teeth and bear the cringing.</p>

      <p>“Make notes. There will be a test.”</p>

      <p>A wordless scream left Hiro’s mouth as he was stricken with sudden despair.</p>

      <h2>Claudia’s Ambition</h2>

      <p>“Kneel.”</p>

      <p>The word, imperiously spoken, pierced the man’s chest like a blade.</p>

      <p>Three months prior, Claudia’s brother, Prince Flaus, had slain the king and attempted to seize control of Lebering. The man now standing before her, grimacing in pain, had commanded the rebel forces in the royal city. Ultimately, the coup had failed—with the aid of Fourth Prince Hiro Schwartz of the Grantzian Empire, the then-Princess Claudia had brought Flaus’s ill-laid schemes down around his ears and taken the throne for herself. Both her brother and the man who had manipulated him had perished in the final battle. All that now remained of the rebellion was the prisoner before her eyes.</p>

      <p>“I’ll never bow my head to a witch like you,” he spat.</p>

      <p>“My. That is unfortunate.” Claudia’s faint smile betrayed not a hint of disappointment.</p>

      <p>The scope of her authority had swelled greatly over the past three months, with little resistance. Her preparations had been long in the making, of course, but it helped that her father’s retainers had been too witless to see what was happening until it was far too late.</p>

      <p>“But if you do not show me due respect, your house will suffer the consequences. Your wife and child will be turned out onto the streets, if not worse. If you wish me to extend them royal protection, you must kneel.”</p>

      <p>Claudia paused in lifting fruit from her lady-in-waiting’s bowl to lick the juice from her fingers, then looked back with a lascivious smile. Her soldiers, her officials, even the shackled man couldn’t help but stare, so potent was her allure.</p>

      <p>“Your head will still be forfeit, of course. An example must be set.”</p>

      <p>After he was dead, she would take the rest of his house under her wing. They would likely despise her at first, but with a little sincerity and time to indoctrinate them—<em>persuade </em>them, she mentally corrected herself—as to the justness of her actions, their anger would cool to loyalty. With appropriate application of the carrot and the stick, anyone could be convinced of anything.</p>

      <p>“Do you give your word that my family will not be harmed?” the man asked.</p>

      <p>“But of course. You are the one on trial. They are blameless in this matter.” With the merciful smile of a Madonna, Claudia laid a hand upon her chest and swore upon Lebering’s great founder, Lox.</p>

      <p>That seemed to convince the man. He pressed his forehead to the floor. “I and I alone was the instigator,” he cried. “For the crime of inviting disorder into Lebering—into your nation, Your Highness—I accept my life as forfeit.” Head still bowed, his voice trembled as his lips tightened with remorse. “I have no right to ask anything of you, but I prevail upon your mercy to spare my family.”</p>

      <p>“Very well. In view of your sincere confession, I will grant your request. I swear upon my name as queen that your loved ones will come to no harm.”</p>

      <p>“You are most gracious, Your Highness!”</p>

      <p>“Now take him to the scaffold.”</p>

      <p>At Claudia’s command, the soldiers holding the man in place began to drag him away.</p>

      <p>With his execution, the last seed of rebellion would be plucked. Soon would come a formal coronation, the reconstruction of the south, the strengthening of the military, negotiations with foreign powers. The public business of rulership would be attended to quickly and discreetly. Meanwhile, in the shadows, espionage and bribes to powerful nobles across the continent would shore up Lebering’s strength. To fool the gaze of the Grantzian Empire would be an extraordinarily difficult task, but fortunately, she had already set her eyes on a willing collaborator.</p>

      <p><em>And collaborate you will, Lord Hiro. So long as our interests align, we are bound to one another.</em></p>

      <p>The zlosta had lived in suffering and shame for a thousand long years. If they were ever to see the sun again, she could afford to balk at nothing. Let the world mock her; let it spit on her; but in the name of preserving her people’s legacy, she would make her meager mark on history.</p>

      <p><em>Lox’s dream will be realized under my reign. This I swear.</em></p>

      <p>Someday, Lebering would join the voices proclaiming rule across the continent—and on that day, the world would remember the terror and might of the zlosta.</p>

      <p>Claudia rose to her feet, the flame of idealism raging in her eyes. “This hearing is hereby concluded,” she announced. “I will return to my chambers.”</p>

      <p>She had much and more to do. Every minute, every second was precious. There was no time for leisure; there was no time for sloth. She would be swifter than anyone, sooner than anyone, better than anyone—and she would claim supremacy.</p>

      <p><em>My ambitions have only just begun.</em></p>

      <h2>Letters to the Archpriestess</h2>

      <p>The Spirit King’s sanctum was, as its name implied, the temple wherein the Spirit King was enshrined. In its deepest recesses, priestesses-in-training labored night and day to become worthy of the rank of knight-priestess. Forbidden to men, some called it a garden of the feminine; others called it the closest thing to paradise in this misbegotten world.</p>

      <p>The archpriestess, speaker for the sanctum, was accompanied at all times by an armed escort whose diligence ensured that she came to no harm. Two such guards attended her today as she visited to encourage the trainees.</p>

      <p>The woman heaved a troubled sigh as she watched the squires train. Her two guards glanced at one another. While she normally attended to her duties with diligence and grace, for the past two days she had been taken by a strange mood.</p>

      <p>“What’s that all about?” the more fiery of the guards asked.</p>

      <p>“Haven’t you noticed?” the more reserved one replied. “Recently, Her Holiness has thought of nothing but the Black Prince.”</p>

      <p>“Lord Hiro, you mean? That boy who stayed here once?”</p>

      <p>“The very same. They have been exchanging letters ever since. It seems his most recent response has been delayed, hence her distress.”</p>

      <p>The fiery knight-priestess massaged her forehead, feeling a headache coming on. “To the point that it interferes with her duties? So even Her Holiness has a maiden’s heart...”</p>

      <p>“Imagine having the luxury of neglecting letters that the whole continent would kill for the chance to send.”</p>

      <p>“You can say that again. So? How long’s he kept her waiting?”</p>

      <p>If memory served, the Black Prince was stationed at Berg Fortress to the south. A courier could reach him in two days. Even if he had been at a loss for what to write, a response should only have taken three or four days, certainly no more than a week.</p>

      <p>“Six days, I hear. I wouldn’t be surprised if his reply came before today was out.”</p>

      <p>“How long do they usually take?”</p>

      <p>“No more than four. You can tell when they come—Her Holiness spends the day positively glowing. I don’t know how you could have missed it.”</p>

      <p>“Should we send a messenger? Order him to hurry up?”</p>

      <p>The reserved knight-priestess grimaced at the thought. “Only if you want to invite Her Holiness’s fury. Besides, those of our station cannot make demands of imperial royalty. We’d lose our heads.”</p>

      <p>The fiery knight-priestess cocked her head. “You think so? The Black Prince didn’t strike me as the sort. I think he’d let us off with a slap on the wrist and a grin.”</p>

      <p>“Or we could keep our mouths shut and let this resolve itself. I think that’s wiser, don’t you?”</p>

      <p>The fiery knight-priestess sighed. “Sits ill with me knowing her troubles and doing nothing to help, that’s all.”</p>

      <p>At that moment, another knight-priestess came running from the entrance to the training ground. “Your Holiness!” she cried. “Lord Hiro’s letter has arrived!”</p>

      <p>As the two guards turned to see the archpriestess’s reaction, a great gust of wind sent their hair flying.</p>

      <p>“What the—!”</p>

      <p>“Wah!”</p>

      <p>They scrambled to secure the archpriestess’s safety, but she had vanished.</p>

      <p>“Curse it! Where’s she gone?!”</p>

      <p>“Could that have been a monster? But what could snatch her up so quickly?”</p>

      <p>They scanned their surroundings frantically. Eventually, both of them spotted the same thing, and both of their mouths fell open as one.</p>

      <p>“Eeek! When did you get there?!”</p>

      <p>A scream rose from the newly arrived knight-priestess as she noticed the archpriestess standing directly behind her. The archpriestess all but snatched the letter from her grasp and laid her other hand on it tenderly, a smile spreading across her face. Then, abruptly, she turned on her heel and set off briskly toward the entrance.</p>

      <p>“Your Holiness?! Where are you going?!”</p>

      <p>“Come back, Your Holiness! You are supposed to be under our supervision!”</p>

      <p>The archpriestess stopped and looked back as her two wardens shouted after her.</p>

      <p>“But I must send Lord Hiro my reply!”</p>

      <p>“Is it urgent?” the fiery knight-priestess asked.</p>

      <p>“Oh, yes. Very much so.”</p>

      <p>“What did he say?”</p>

      <p>“He inquired as to my favorite food. With so many options, however shall I decide?”</p>

      <p>“Pardon?”</p>

      <p>The fiery knight-priestess stopped in her tracks, blinking dumbly. The archpriestess was already dashing away down the corridor, her duties forgotten.</p>

      <p>“Your Holiness, wait! What of the trainees?!”</p>

      <p>Shouts followed her, but she paid them no heed. When it came to love, even the bearer of the Far Sight was blind.</p>

      <h2>The Black Hand Rides</h2>

      <p>The time when the races of Aletia vied for supremacy was a savage one. The strong endured and the rest were ground into the muck. Death was a fact of life in that violent age, feeding the ever-growing maelstrom of hatred that swirled over the continent.</p>

      <p>This was a battlefield—a hellish extreme that permitted not a moment’s misstep. A hundred thousand men clashed with a hundred thousand more, and every time steel sang, hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands of lives were spilled across the land. The collision of conviction meeting conviction shook the air and nigh on split the earth.</p>

      <p>“Hah! What say you?! Have I not trained my men well?!”</p>

      <p>Atop a towering cliff with a commanding view of the field, a man watched the armies crash together with a delighted grin.</p>

      <p>“Sloppy,” a second man said. “Strength without finesse is the domain of beasts. Humans ought to use the brains they’re born with.” He tapped his brow to illustrate the point.</p>

      <p>“Humans, is it, Lox? Odd choice of words for a fiendkin.”</p>

      <p>Lox didn’t rise to the bait. “You ought to curb that temper of yours, Roylicht. The battlefield makes no distinction between human and zlosta.”</p>

      <p>“Does it bollocks. I’ll pray to the Spirit King that none of your soldiers make it back, how about that?!”</p>

      <p>“You speak like a child. My troops are not so frail.”</p>

      <p>As the two glared at one another, a third figure approached them, whistling. “My, my. You two ought to get along better or you’ll make the old man mad again.”</p>

      <p>“Quiet, you freak,” Roylicht growled.</p>

      <p>“Keep your distance, Amphibia. That form of yours disgusts me.”</p>

      <p>The androgynous individual called Amphibia fixed the pair with a pouty glare. “You’re such meanies! What did I ever do to— Oof!”</p>

      <p>“Stop your simpering. It makes my fists itch.”</p>

      <p>“Perhaps next time you should warn before you punch,” Lox said, although his eyes urged Roylicht to continue.</p>

      <p>“How cruel... What did I do to deserve that?” Hand pressed coquettishly to cheek, Amphibia stared at the pair with watery eyes. Both stepped back three paces, revolted.</p>

      <p>“How often do I have to tell you youngins? Distraction is death on the battlefield.” A hoarse voice rang out as an old, white-haired man approached the trio, his slow steps aided by a staff.</p>

      <p>“Only sometimes.” A black-haired, black-eyed boy stepped out from behind the elderly man and patted him on the shoulder. “Shows of confidence might not set a good example for the troops, but they do reassure them.”</p>

      <p>“I tell you, Lord Schwartz, you’re too soft on these striplings. You’ve got them thinking they’re invincible.”</p>

      <p>“And you’re a little too harsh. Why not ease off just for today? The Black Hand is together once more. Isn’t that a reason for celebration?” The boy named Schwartz crossed in front of his subordinates, strode comfortably to the edge of the cliff, and peered down. After a moment, he turned back with a grin. “Now, to business. Your men are all fighting admirably, but they can’t quite win the day. So, a question. How can we keep this battle from falling into a deadlock?”</p>

      <p>The four commanders frowned back at him, caught off guard.</p>

      <p>The old man was the first to speak. “Are you proposing committing our core and finishing the enemy yourself?”</p>

      <p>Schwartz shook his head. “Not quite. It’s true that a new player is needed, but it won’t be me.”</p>

      <p>The old man was the first to realize what he meant, followed by Amphibia and Lox.</p>

      <p>“Oopsie. Then I’d best rejoin my men. Bye, Lord Schwartz!”</p>

      <p>“I too shall take my leave.”</p>

      <p>The two hurried away, leaving behind a confused Roylicht.</p>

      <p>“Where are they going?! What’s gotten into them?”</p>

      <p>Schwartz raised a finger. “Look over there and you’ll understand.”</p>

      <p>Roylicht followed. In the distance, an army had skirted around the enemy and was now approaching them from the rear. His eyes bulged as he saw the banner they carried.</p>

      <p>“Meteia?! Blast it, talk about stealing glory!”</p>

      <p>He, too, hurried from the cliff.</p>

      <p>Schwartz’s smile deepened as he watched the three leave. It was then that he realized the old man had not moved.</p>

      <p>“Aren’t you going to join them?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“No, no. I am quite content to watch younger men fight these battles.” He paused. “The Black Hand, is it? Quite the name we’ve been furnished with.”</p>

      <p>“Artheus does love his titles,” Schwartz remarked.</p>

      <p>“He’s wasted this one on those striplings, if you ask me.”</p>

      <p>“They’ll need a name people can remember. In time, the whole world will know it.”</p>

      <p>Eventually, all of Aletia would tremble before the War God and his Black Hand. Their flame might be small now, but soon they would sweep across the land like the fiery rays of the rising sun.</p>

      <h2>A Thousand-Year Bond</h2>

      <p><em>The fifteenth day of the eighth month of Pholus 204, more than a thousand years before the present day</em></p>

      <p>A flick of his wrist sent ten heads rolling; a swing of his arm sent one hundred heads flying. One word from his lips could ruin a nation; one flash of his fangs could topple a hundred. Unbelievable though it may sound, such was the might of Leon Welt Artheus von Grantz, the Lionheart, beloved of the Spirit King—and the man who would be known in the world to come as Zertheus, the First God.</p>

      <p>The air was muggy with humidity as Artheus arrived at the retreat.</p>

      <p>“Curse this heat a thousand times! From whence does it spring?!”</p>

      <p>Complaining like a boy half his age, the golden-haired, golden-eyed youth sprang down from his carriage. That was no figure of speech—he leapt straight out of the moving vehicle, landed gracefully, and tossed aside his luxurious, gold-threaded cloak. Heedless of dirtying his clothes, he stripped his muscular torso bare. His fine-featured face contorted as he glared up at the sun.</p>

      <p>“Come, then!” he yelled. “Face me! I’ll drag you down to earth and teach you a lesson!”</p>

      <p>For all that he was king of his nation and powerful enough to make those around him bend the knee, the heat seemed to have addled his wits.</p>

      <p>As Artheus yelled his anti-sun tirade to the sky, his carriage raised a cloud of dust as it screeched to a stop nearby. A black-haired boy disembarked and watched his comrade’s antics with a slightly pained expression.</p>

      <p>“You do realize that would burn the planet up, don’t you?” he called out.</p>

      <p>He was Held Rey Schwartz von Grantz, the renowned Hero King of Twinned Black. It had been his singular tactical acumen that had saved Artheus’s kingdom from destruction, and it had been he who had freed humankind from the yoke of the zlosta. In the world to come, he would be known as the War God and beloved by soldiers and peasants alike—but for now, he had accomplished no deeds worthy of that honor, and the world did not yet know his name.</p>

      <p>“How can you be so composed?! Are you not hot? Surely you must be! A retreat, they called this place, and to my face! A retreat from what?! The heat is as bad here as anywhere else!”</p>

      <p>“It is,” Schwartz said, “but I can put up with it.”</p>

      <p>“Now there’s the brother I know. When the women all squeal about the frosty Lord Schwartz every time you walk the streets, I assume that’s what they mean.” Artheus’s eyes were cold, and there was a hint of jealousy in his voice.</p>

      <p>Schwartz gave a forced laugh and shrugged. “You always make such weird assumptions. I promise you, no one’s squealing over me.”</p>

      <p>“You lie, brother. I have watched with my own eyes as commoner girls forced love letters into your hands.”</p>

      <p>“Well...okay, maybe that happens sometimes.”</p>

      <p>“I, the king himself, receive only endless proposals for political unions, while my brother dallies with the townsfolk and leaves me all the paperwork. It hardly seems fair.”</p>

      <p>“If you don’t like the arrangement, I’d be happy to swap places.”</p>

      <p>Although Schwartz had spoken in jest, Artheus’s eyes narrowed sharply, like a hawk that had caught sight of its prey. What gleamed within them was neither anger nor scorn, but earnest hope. Perhaps the heat had confused his judgment, but he seemed to have taken the offer seriously.</p>

      <p>“If you wished it,” he said, “I would yield the kingship in an instant.”</p>

      <p>“No, that’s not what I...” Taken aback, Schwartz struggled for words.</p>

      <p>“My country would be a smoking ruin if not for you, and I would lie dead. My crown is a trifle next to the debt I owe. I would give it gladly.”</p>

      <p>Schwartz suddenly felt certain that if he said yes, Artheus would yield the kingship the very next day. He would bully any opponents into silence, convince the people through strength of will—whatever was necessary, he would see it done.</p>

      <p>“I appreciate the offer, but...”</p>

      <p>Artheus snorted. A grin spread across his face as he wrapped an arm around Schwartz’s shoulders. “A jest, brother. Forgive my tasteless humor.”</p>

      <p>“I should be the one to apologize,” Schwartz said. “I shouldn’t have joked about that.”</p>

      <p>“Think nothing of it. More to the point...” With a white grin, Artheus flung his weight onto Schwartz’s back. “I am exhausted. You must carry me to the mansion!”</p>

      <p>“What are you talking about?! Walk there yourself!”</p>

      <p>“I refuse! Carry me! Your king commands it!”</p>

      <p>“Stop that! Get off me, idiot!”</p>

      <p>Blood runs thicker than water, they said, and so the difference between blood relatives and others was like heaven and earth. If so, the bond between Schwartz and Artheus surely ran thicker than any blood.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>