<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>He was just like Hiro, Liz realized with a start. He was suppressing his own emotions to maintain a veneer of calm.</p>

      <p>The strange world she had found herself in gave her no time to dwell on that observation. She felt a surge of power swelling at her hip and looked down.</p>

      <p>“Lævateinn? What are you—?”</p>

      <p>A heartbeat later, a torrent of flame erupted from the crimson blade. The firestorm spread, rapidly engulfing Liz’s surroundings. The Spiritblade was trying to extract her from this world before it crumbled, she could tell, but she could not leave yet. She still had things left to accomplish.</p>

      <p>“Don’t just stand there, do somethi— Hey, where’d you go?!”</p>

      <p>She swung around, but the young man had disappeared. The space where he had been standing was covered in rubble. Apparently, leaving without so much as a goodbye was simply how things were done in this world.</p>

      <p>She glared down at Lævateinn in frustration. “Stop that! I can’t leave yet! I have to go after Hiro!”</p>

      <p>But her protests were in vain. The blade only flared brighter.</p>

      <p>“Agh—”</p>

      <p>Liz crossed her arms to shield her eyes from the glare, but it only grew. Soon, even her arms were no shield. It pierced her eyelids and scorched her eyeballs.</p>

      <p>All of a sudden, the light receded. Liz gingerly opened her eyes. Darkness spread out before her, a world dyed as black as the abyss. For a moment, she wondered if her eyes might still be shut. The roar of the burning castle had faded away, leaving only the muted chirping of insects.</p>

      <p>“Was that all...just a dream?”</p>

      <p>It was hard to believe that it could have been real—but the grief in the black-haired boy’s face still lingered in her mind’s eye, and his whispered words still held her chest in that viselike grip. In the first place, it was unclear whether she was currently anywhere more real. She tried to raise herself to her feet to check, but—</p>

      <p>“Ouch!”</p>

      <p>Agony lanced through her fingers. She gritted her teeth and bore it. Tears welled in the corners of her eyes. The pain seemed to pull her back to reality; the slightest motion was enough to send her body into protest.</p>

      <p>“Oww...”</p>

      <p>She glanced down at her hand. The light was faint and flickering, but she could tell that her fingers were wrapped in bandages. Certainty that she was awake flooded through her as she saw the bloodstains on her fingertips. Those were the spots where Puppchen had pulled out her nails.</p>

      <p>“Nnn...”</p>

      <p>For a while she lay groaning as pain wracked her body.</p>

      <p>“I see you’re awake,” said a voice from above.</p>

      <p>Liz flinched at the sound. Her breath caught in her throat. The thought of being tortured again made her mind swim, but she could not let him win. Resolving not to break, she raised her head.</p>

      <p>“Eh?”</p>

      <p>What she saw left her blinking in surprise. It was not the man she had feared looking down at her, but somebody else.</p>

      <p>“Rest assured, I am not Lord Puppchen. You need not stare at me with such terror.”</p>

      <p>The lamplight hovered closer, picking the face of a young woman out of the darkness. Distantly, Liz supposed that her captor must be trying to see her better. She knew who this was, she realized: Culann Scáthach du Faerzen, the last surviving member of the Faerzen royal line. The woman’s face still had its usual cool composure, but it was oddly drawn, as though she had not slept.</p>

      <p>“What do you want?” Mistrust flared in Liz’s eyes. She adopted a haughty demeanor, wary of letting any weakness show.</p>

      <p>Scáthach, in contrast, only smiled wearily. “The night is chill. I thought you could make use of this.”</p>

      <p>She extended a hand into the cage and passed Liz a thick woolen blanket.</p>

      <p>“Is there something you want? Is that it?”</p>

      <p>Liz scrutinized Scáthach’s face for any hint of an ulterior motive, but no matter how hard she stared, she could detect nothing more beneath the woman’s smile. The act of charity appeared to have been just that. Her eyes widened in surprise.</p>

      <p>“Why would you be so kind to me?”</p>

      <p>The last time the pair had met, Liz would have thought nothing of accepting Scáthach’s kindness. Now that she knew the woman’s true identity, however, she could not help but doubt the authenticity of the gesture. She was all too aware of Faerzen’s ill treatment at imperial hands, as well as the cruel fate of Scáthach’s family.</p>

      <p>“This is no act of special kindness. I would offer the same to any prisoner, imperial princess or not.” Scáthach’s brow furrowed as she cocked her head at Liz. “Although I see that answer does not satisfy you.”</p>

      <p>“Puppchen told me about you.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Then I cannot fault your suspicions, I suppose.”</p>

      <p>“Well, why wouldn’t I be suspicious? You have every reason to hate the empire.”</p>

      <p>“You’re skirting the point. If you mean to say something, say it plain. I’ll listen.”</p>

      <p>With a sigh, Scáthach stepped away from the cage. She returned a few moments later holding a chair, upon which she took a seat. She leveled her turquoise eyes at Liz, prompting her to continue.</p>

      <p>There was no point in trying to feel one another out. Liz cut directly to the point. “I’m a princess of the empire. Shouldn’t you hate my guts?”</p>

      <p>“I do hate you, if I am quite honest. More than a little. But I could never forgive myself if I took my anger out on a prisoner.”</p>

      <p>Scáthach was evidently a woman of honor. There was no hint of falsehood in her words. At the very least, she appeared willing to engage with Liz honestly.</p>

      <p>“Besides, tormenting you would bring me no relief. You are not an object of my vengeance.”</p>

      <p>“Then who is?”</p>

      <p>“What would you do if I gave you their names? Would you see justice done in my stead?”</p>

      <p>“I’d want to help you. Insofar as I could.”</p>

      <p>That claim held little weight coming from a prisoner, but it was true nonetheless. If Liz were freed, she intended to conduct an investigation into what she had learned and support Faerzen to the best of her ability. If that meant punishing soldiers who had failed to uphold military protocol—or their commanders—then they would be punished.</p>

      <p>“You are kind, and your heart is pure. Qualities wasted on the name of von Grantz.” Something glimmered in Scáthach’s eyes that might have been admiration before she shook her head as though to refute it. “But that alone is not enough. You lack for station. If you truly wish to punish these fiends for their depravity, you must ascend to the highest echelons of power and bring about change from above.”</p>

      <p>“Are your enemies really that powerful?”</p>

      <p>If rising to the very top of the empire was truly the only way to thwart them, it was not hard to guess the final goal of Scáthach’s vendetta.</p>

      <p>“Unless, of course,” the woman continued, “you were to renounce your titles and take up arms against your homeland. Do you have that resolve?”</p>

      <p>“I...” Liz searched for an answer and fell silent as she realized that she did not have one.</p>

      <p>“Many things can be solved through kindness alone, but for some, only violence will suffice. If you have not the will to use it, you ought not offer your allegiance so readily.”</p>

      <p>Scáthach’s words struck home like hammer blows. If Liz had surmised correctly where the woman’s spear was pointed, there truly was no way but rebellion—but that would destroy everything that she had worked so hard to build. It would be a harsh road, and those she cared about would not be shielded from harm. With neither the power to bring change from within nor the resolve to forsake Hiro and the rest of her allies, she was helpless to bring the guilty to justice. Her bold words had been just that—words. She ground her teeth and looked down in shame.</p>

      <p>“Sixth Princess Celia Estrella Elizabeth von Grantz of the Grantzian Empire.”</p>

      <p>Her own name rang in the silence like a small pebble falling into a still pool. She looked up. Scáthach had fallen to one knee before the cage and bowed her head.</p>

      <p>“I apologize if my words have offended you. You are the bearer of a pure and noble heart, and I would not see it tarnished.” The woman’s lips pulled into the faintest of smiles, as alluring and beautiful as a wildflower blooming on a vast plain. “Lend not your hand to a vagabond such as I, lest you find it stained with blood. My vengeance is mine to deliver.”</p>

      <p>The expression was gone so quickly that Liz doubted her eyes. Even as she questioned what she had seen, Scáthach reasserted her usual stoic mask.</p>

      <p>“Even if you were empress, I would still have turned you down.” Scáthach closed her eyes, walked over to a nearby table, and returned with a wooden bowl. “I have nothing more to say, and I would ask nothing more of you,” she said, offering the bowl through the bars. “Here. Eat. It’s grown a little cold, but you must be hungry.”</p>

      <p>Liz said nothing. Scáthach’s unexpected apology and the abrupt end to the conversation had left her uncertain what to say.</p>

      <p>“It’s not poisoned, if that’s what you fear. Although I would not fault you if you did not believe me.” Scáthach glanced at the spoon and her shoulders slumped. “I only offer you wood for want of silver, I assure you, but I understand your trepidation.”</p>

      <p>Having completely misinterpreted Liz’s silence, she scratched her head awkwardly, clearly at a loss.</p>

      <p>“It’s all right. I believe you.” Liz all but swiped the bowl away and gulped the soup down. She grimaced in pain as it touched the cuts inside her mouth.</p>

      <p>Scáthach laughed. “You are an amusing one. But there’s no need to eat quite so quickly. Nobody is going to take it away from you.”</p>

      <p>She took a seat on the chair and watched affectionately as Liz ate. “I had a sister your age, you know. She was kind, like you. And like you, she was out to prove that anything a man could do, she could do better.”</p>

      <p>The woman’s eyes softened as they turned toward bygone days.</p>

      <p>Liz could not bring herself to reply. Scáthach’s sister had returned to her as a corpse, she knew, having died the most horrific of deaths. Just how deep must the woman’s anger run? Could Liz have endured the horrors she had suffered? The minutes passed in silence, with Liz poring over questions and finding no answers.</p>

      <p>“Thank you,” she said at last as she set down her empty bowl.</p>

      <p>“You can have another helping if you’d like.”</p>

      <p>“I’m quite full. But I appreciate it.”</p>

      <p>She passed the bowl back through the bars. Silence fell over the tent as the conversation came to a halt. For a long while, neither spoke, but Scáthach made no move to leave. She remained in the chair, staring listlessly at Liz.</p>

      <p>“I have one last question for you,” she said at last.</p>

      <p>“Go ahead.”</p>

      <p>“What was it that you were dreaming about?”</p>

      <p>Liz’s first instinct was to lie. Why Scáthach had asked that, she did not know, but the subject of her Spiritblade was best not raised lightly. Lævateinn’s rarity made it particularly attractive to a large number of people—not least, would-be “researchers” like Puppchen.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know,” she said. “I don’t remember.”</p>

      <p>“If you do not wish to say, I will not force you.” Scáthach didn’t seem offended by the attempt to avoid the question. She continued evenly. “But allow me to offer you one warning: do not delve too deep or you will find yourself unable to return.”</p>

      <p>Liz blinked. “How did you know?”</p>

      <p>“I suppose I’ll tell you plain. Hiding the truth would only make matters more confusing. I too wield a Spiritblade.”</p>

      <p>Scáthach curled her right hand in empty air. Fine motes of light swirled around her fingers before flaring with a sudden light. A spear appeared in her grasp. It was an exquisite weapon, with a haft of clear azure and an iridescent head that shone as though it were encrusted with jewels.</p>

      <p>“Gáe Bolg,” Liz breathed. “The Boreal Sovereign. I thought I sensed something, but I couldn’t be sure...”</p>

      <p>She gazed at the spear with no small amount of surprise. Never once in history had a Spiritblade Sovereign chosen a master from outside the empire. While it was possible that such individuals had existed and simply never been recorded, at the very least, when one opened a textbook they would find only the names of Grantzian royalty.</p>

      <p>“As for why it chose me, I could not say...but that is a matter for another time. We were talking about your dream. Although...” Scáthach pursed her lips, having seemingly remembered something. She set a hand to her chin as she looked between Lævateinn and Liz. “Before we do, tell me. Are you aware that the Spiritblades possess wills of their own?”</p>

      <p>Liz agonized over whether to respond, but at last, with a sigh, she gave up on her facade. There wasn’t much point trying to keep secrets from a fellow Spiritblade wielder.</p>

      <p>“I am. Enough to know that Lævateinn’s a cheeky little rascal.”</p>

      <p>The Spiritblade Sovereigns had originally been fashioned by Emperor Artheus from power gifted to him by the Spirit King. As their name suggested, each harbored a spirit’s consciousness.</p>

      <p>“Still,” Liz continued, “I can only sense what she’s thinking. I can’t speak to her. Yet, anyway.”</p>

      <p>The Spiritblades only appeared to the individuals they acknowledged as their masters. Should anybody attempt to manifest them by force, they would retaliate with a terrible curse, but to their rightful wielders, they conferred great power. For that reason, they were also called the <em>regalo</em>—or “gift”—of the Spirit King.</p>

      <p>“I see,” Scáthach replied. “Gáe Bolg is...willful. Quick to sulk and difficult to command.”</p>

      <p>The stronger the wielder’s desires, it was said, the more power their Spiritblade would concede. Uncommonly fervent convictions could push the weapons to even greater heights. The key, however, lay in how closely the wielder’s heart resonated with the weapon. Strong conviction alone would not suffice—one also had to deeply understand their weapon and gain its trust.</p>

      <p>“The Spiritblades can bestow tremendous power, but their wielders must be able to withstand it. Their might is more than human bodies were ever meant to bear. To call upon it even once exacts a heavy toll.” Scáthach paused, noticing that Liz was frowning. “Do you understand so far?”</p>

      <p>“I’m fine. I think I’m following.”</p>

      <p>“To the matter at hand, then. I shall say it plain: you must not delve too deep.”</p>

      <p>“Are you saying you’ve gone further than I have?”</p>

      <p>“So I suspect. Hence my warning. The deeper you delve into a Spiritblade’s domain, the more frequently it will show you memories of its previous wielders. Such memories provide invaluable insights into its nature, but spend too long among them and you risk losing yourself, becoming nothing more than an empty shell.”</p>

      <p>“You’ve seen them too?”</p>

      <p>“I have. To glean insights from the minds of a Spiritblade’s former wielders is the most effective way to master its power. But Gáe Bolg has had several masters, so it flits easily between them. The strain of each individual recollection is not so great. Your Spiritblade, however, has known only one other.”</p>

      <p>“Emperor Artheus?”</p>

      <p>“Precisely. Hence, I fear for your well-being. To glimpse such memories is to understand them and make them a part of yourself, but the memories of Emperor Artheus are likely beyond an ordinary human’s comprehension. To witness them may very well destroy your mind.”</p>

      <p>“But wasn’t every Spiritblade originally wielded by Artheus? Can’t you see his memories too?”</p>

      <p>“No. Or, to speak more precisely, I cannot yet delve that deep.”</p>

      <p>With the exception of Lævateinn, which had only ever chosen Artheus, and Excalibur, which was lost, the Spiritblades had all taken multiple masters over their thousand years of existence. The older the master, it seemed, the deeper within its domain their memories could be found.</p>

      <p>“Yet in your case, Emperor Artheus was your direct predecessor—so you face the lord of the labyrinth from your very first step. For that reason, I suspect Lævateinn to be the most trying of the Spiritblades to master.”</p>

      <p>If Scáthach’s words were to be believed, the mirror image of Hiro that Liz had seen could only have been Emperor Schwartz himself. Moreover, she must have been looking through Artheus’s eyes. It had not seemed as though she was witnessing a parting—but then, what <em>had</em> happened between them?</p>

      <p>“In any case,” Scáthach concluded, “consider yourself warned. And take better care in future.”</p>

      <p>Liz’s ears pricked up at that. “Can I ask you something? How did you know I was dreaming?”</p>

      <p>“Because when I came in, Lævateinn was on the point of running wild.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“I had to use Gáe Bolg to wake you.”</p>

      <p>Liz’s eyes went wide with astonishment at that, but she had no time to dwell on it. At that moment, she sensed somebody approaching the tent and tensed defensively.</p>

      <p>Scáthach had noticed the same thing. Her fingers tightened around Gáe Bolg. “Who’s there?” she called with more than a trace of hostility.</p>

      <p>Outside, footsteps shifted on gravel. “Rache du Vertra, Your Highness. Lord Puppchen requests your presence.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. I’ll be there forthwith.”</p>

      <p>Although the tension instantly dissipated, the mention of Puppchen’s name left Liz staring at the tent flap with a new kind of apprehension.</p>

      <p>Scáthach turned to face her with a comforting smile. “Worry not. On my pride as a knight, he will not torment you again.” She tossed Liz the blanket. “Rest and recover. You shall not be disturbed.”</p>

      <p>She excused herself and left the tent at a half-run. Liz wrapped the blanket around herself and closed her eyes.</p>

      <p><em>Hiro...</em></p>

      <p>How worried he must be. She felt awful for the trouble she must be causing him. The next time they met, she swore, it would be with a smile, and she would throw her arms around him with no care for the pain of her wounds. Never again did she want him to wear the sorrowful expression he had in her dream. No more did she want him to be ruled by grief.</p>

      <p>She had to be stronger. She had to better herself, thoroughly, so that she would never trouble him again. As Artheus had once fought by Schwartz’s side, so she would fight by his, as a comrade and an equal.</p>

      <p><em>Cerberus will be in </em>such<em> need of a bath...</em></p>

      <p>The white wolf hated water with a vengeance, so she would not be bathing of her own accord. Tris could not be trusted either; Cerberus had him wrapped around her little paw.</p>

      <p><em>I hope they’re both all right...</em></p>

      <p>Liz had sent them both away from the battlefield, so they should have been. Knowing that Tris had a strong sense of duty, she had entrusted him with Cerberus, directed him to command a unit with a significant number of wounded, and instructed him explicitly to join forces with Third Prince Brutahl.</p>

      <p><em>Once we’re all back together, we can work on righting the situation in Faerzen.</em></p>

      <p>Her capture had taught her things she might otherwise never have learned. Perhaps the Spirit King himself had guided Draal to take her prisoner, all to teach her about the darkness that lurked within the empire. Now, it was up to her to do the right thing with the knowledge she had gained.</p>

      <p><em>I </em>will<em> right this wrong...even if it means confronting Father.</em></p>

      <p>Her resolve had faltered earlier in the face of Scáthach’s question, but now her heart was set. She sank into slumber, knowing that tonight, she would sleep a little more peacefully.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>