<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: Fire and Ice</h1>

      <p><em>The fourteenth day of the eleventh month of Imperial Year 1023</em></p>

      <p>In southwest Faerzen was a region known as Old Duret, which was most remarkable for its patchwork landscape of grassy plains and dry wilderness. The curious geography was not a natural phenomenon. Many royal generations prior, the king of Faerzen had attempted to transform the region into a verdant paradise wherein he could cultivate spirit stones to resist the empire. His plans had been foiled by the cold, harsh winds of the Travant Mountains, which wilted his newly planted vegetation in the ground, leaving a lifeless wasteland that no spirit would draw near. People fled the land in droves and monsters settled in their place. Soon enough, Old Duret had become a haven for all manner of beasts that would descend from their dens in the mountains to prey by night on nearby settlements.</p>

      <p>So it was for a time, until the monsters began to roam far enough east that the nation could not ignore the severity of the issue. Its begrudging solution was Fort Mitte. In a curious twist of fate, the fortress had outlasted Faerzen, the kingdom that had erected it. Now, it was a bastion of the Grantzian Empire.</p>

      <p>As the sun rose higher in the sky, a fierce battle was underway. The Faerzen Resistance had the fort surrounded and were attacking on all sides. Raising their shields against the bombardment of arrows raining from the walls, they hoisted ladders and began to climb.</p>

      <p>Fortunately for its occupants, Fort Mitte had been constructed to weather monster attacks. Its walls were high and its gates were sturdy. A half-hearted offensive would be easily repelled; nothing less than an all-out assault could crack its shell. That said, one might doubt that the fort’s continued resistance could be so easily explained, and they would be right to do so. It remained standing only thanks to the genius of the commander currently occupying it.</p>

      <p>Above the battlements of the main gate rose a small tower. In peacetime, it would have functioned as a watchtower. Now, it served as the imperial army’s impromptu command center.</p>

      <p>“We can’t treat all our wounded! If anyone’s got spare hands, send them our way!”</p>

      <p>“Everyone’s got their hands full! If you’re out of bandages, find some cloth to tear!”</p>

      <p>Soldiers dashed to and fro across the chamber. Their urgency made it clear that every second counted.</p>

      <p>A handsome young man burst into the chaos. “Lady Aura!” he cried. “The western wall has signaled for reinforcements!”</p>

      <p>His words were addressed to a girl seated at the desk.</p>

      <p>“Sir Spitz. You’re panicking.”</p>

      <p>The girl’s leaden eyes speared through him. Although her emotionless expression could easily be taken for coldness, the clipped ends of her eyebrow-length fringe had an undeniably dainty quality, and with her large eyes and small frame, she inspired the same protective instincts as a kitten or a mouse. In the words of a certain knight, she was an angel. That she had retained her proportions at the age of seventeen was nothing short of miraculous.</p>

      <p>Her name was Treya Verdan Aura von Bunadala, and her uncommon tactical acumen had earned her the position of brigadier general. In the military, she was known as Aphrodite, the Warmaiden—a modern-day War God. Out of all of House Bunadala of the five great houses, it would not be unfair to call her the most promising talent.</p>

      <p>“Send a reserve unit to the western wall. And one to the eastern one. It’s about to fall too.”</p>

      <p>“At once!”</p>

      <p>Von Spitz dashed back out of the room. As he left, Aura returned her gaze to the map on the desk. The diagram detailed every nook and cranny of Fort Mitte. Several pawns stood atop it, indicating the positions of various units. From the tower’s commanding position above the front gate, she could survey the entire fortress, letting her easily see where reinforcements were most needed.</p>

      <p>“We can still hold out,” she murmured.</p>

      <p>If she was honest with herself, this battle was unlike any other she had fought. She could not see its course. The path contorted itself in labyrinthine curves, and darkness obscured the way ahead. Even so...</p>

      <p>“I will stay strong.”</p>

      <p>Her aides and soldiers were depending on her. She did not have the luxury of breaking down and giving up. Aside from anything else, she bore the title of the Warmaiden; her conduct would reflect on the War God, and she would not disgrace his name.</p>

      <p>For a while, Aura sat in silence. At last, with a trembling hand, she reached out to the book lying on her desk: the Black Chronicle, a record of the life and times of the second emperor. It had never left her person since the moment she had received it as a birthday gift from her father at a young age. Whenever she was lost, or overwhelmed, or felt the urge to cry, she sought solace in its pages. Indeed, she probably knew the second emperor better than anybody else in Aletia, a fact in which she quietly took pride. She closed her eyes and breathed deep, feeling some of her nervousness dissipate as Emperor Schwartz’s strength bolstered her own.</p>

      <p>“My mind is clear and my thoughts are free.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>