<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: Caged Flame</h1>

      <p>The nation of Faerzen had once rivaled the Grantzian Empire in size and might. The bounties of the Sea of Infini to the north had given rise to a thriving fishing industry, and with Six Kingdoms to the west and the empire to the east, it had served as a crossroads of continental trade. For many years, business had boomed.</p>

      <p>War with the empire put paid to that. The sharp decline in public order following its defeat had scared the merchants away, and constant fighting had razed its once-fertile fields. The royal capital, formerly a hub of intermingling languages and bustling markets, had become a pitiful shadow of its former self, and repeated clashes between the Faerzen Resistance and the empire were fast reducing what was left to rubble.</p>

      <p>The Draali encampment lay forty-five sel southwest of the ruined capital. Dinner was cooking. White smoke blanketed the camp, rising from various cookfires. Diligence was nonexistent. The soldiers had shed their armor and were busy carousing, some with bottles in their hands.</p>

      <p>“It’s days like this make life worth livin’!” cried one such man.</p>

      <p>“Aye to that. It’s an evening for drink and no mistake,” agreed another.</p>

      <p>Both were grinning, a sign of the lingering giddiness of victory.</p>

      <p>“Oy, stop that,” interrupted a stern-faced comrade. “No liquor yet. We’re meant to be on watch.”</p>

      <p>The soldiers glanced at one another.</p>

      <p>“If now ain’t the time, then when is?”</p>

      <p>“Aye, we beat the bloody empire! We’ve earned ourselves an ale or two!”</p>

      <p>They had good reason for their revelry: their victory over Sixth Princess Celia Estrella of the Grantzian Empire. Few men on the continent could claim to have defeated the wielder of a Spiritblade, let alone taken them captive.</p>

      <p>“Where’s the lady of the hour?” one of the men asked.</p>

      <p>“Lord Puppchen’s got her in his tent.”</p>

      <p>“Does he now? Sounds like he’s having himself a grand old time while we’re out here stopping anyone stealing back his prize.”</p>

      <p>“Can’t blame him! I caught a glimpse of her and she’s just as fair as they say.”</p>

      <p>The stern-faced soldier pulled a face at the other two’s bawdy conversation. “He’s not had such an easy time of it, from what I’ve heard.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? What do you mean by that?”</p>

      <p>“I mean the girl’s burned six men to death.”</p>

      <p>“She what? Sounds like witchcraft.”</p>

      <p>“How’d she manage that, then?”</p>

      <p>The stern-faced soldier cast a fearful glance across the camp at a tent larger than the rest. “Don’t ask me. I just hope we’re not pissin’ off the gods up in their heavens.”</p>

      <p>The master of the tent was inside: Puppchen von Draal, firstborn son of the grand duke of Draal. He picked up a silver goblet from his desk and brought it to his lips. Even that small motion made it plain that he was of noble stock; born heir to his homeland, he carried himself with grace. Even so, his muscular build testified that he had chosen the sword over the pen, adding a brutish wildness to his refinement.</p>

      <p>“It’s true what they say,” he mused. “Victory lends wine a special sweetness.”</p>

      <p>He eyed the goblet’s crimson contents for a moment before directing a domineering gaze to a strange object in the corner of the tent. There, where ordinarily a chest of drawers or a bed might have been placed, stood a metal cage. Even stranger, the bars were plastered with spirit seals.</p>

      <p>Puppchen heaved a regretful sigh. “I brought a wealth of spirit seals from my homeland. Taking you prisoner consumed every last one. Between that and our losses in battle, this war has consumed perhaps two cities’ worth of yearly tax. But when I consider it the cost of taking you prisoner...suddenly, it does not seem like such a great expense.” He peered through the bars and grinned. “Well? Do you think I have profited?”</p>

      <p>Within the cage, bound by iron chains, sat a crimson-haired girl: Sixth Princess Celia Estrella Elizabeth von Grantz. She was known across the continent as the first wielder of Lævateinn since Artheus. Recently, whispers had abounded that her star was rapidly rising, fuelled by rumors that she had added the descendant of the War God to her retainers.</p>

      <p>“I don’t care,” she said.</p>

      <p>For all her defiance, her voice was weak, and the shadow of exhaustion lay across her face. It was not hard to see why: her uniform was torn open in multiple places, with bloodstained bandages visible through the holes, and countless bruises and lacerations dotted her bare limbs. Despite all that, she was conscious. She glared back at Puppchen with hate in her eyes.</p>

      <p>“Keep on scowling like that and you’ll ruin your pretty face.”</p>

      <p>He reached beneath the desk and pulled out a wooden box. It was full of stones of various sizes, from pebbles to large rocks. He picked up one the size of his fist and turned to Liz with a villainous smile.</p>

      <p>“It seems that there are certain circumstances under which the Spiritblade Sovereigns protect their wielders. For instance, yours uses the flames of purgatory to sear anybody who tries to do you harm.”</p>

      <p>Several soldiers entranced by her beauty had tried to creep into the tent to take her for themselves, only to die fiery deaths. Puppchen had no pity for them. They had earned their fates. Besides, if they had succeeded in their pursuits, he would have lopped off their heads himself.</p>

      <p>“But consider...what if an individual were not <em>trying</em> to do you harm?”</p>

      <p>Liz’s forehead creased in puzzlement, but before she could decipher the words, Puppchen’s arm blurred. A dull smack rang through the tent.</p>

      <p>“Agh!”</p>

      <p>Her head snapped backward, carrying the rest of her over with it. She rolled about on the floor, crying in agony.</p>

      <p>Puppchen gazed down at her with pitiless eyes and picked up a new stone.</p>

      <p>“Do you see? I’m just tossing stones, and who knows where they’ll end up? I might as well be tossing them into a pond. Will your sword protect you then?”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>