<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>His arm swung down. A thud rang out, like a mallet pounding earth.</p>

      <p>“Agh!”</p>

      <p>Liz’s back arched in agony, but before she could even finish processing the pain, another stone came flying.</p>

      <p>“Ngh!”</p>

      <p>Puppchen didn’t even give her time to scream. The impacts of the rocks were like spears through her innards. Dull cracks echoed throughout the tent, unpleasantly reminiscent of breaking bones.</p>

      <p>“They’re funny things, rocks. Comically crude as weapons go, but just as lethal as a blade.”</p>

      <p>Stone after stone battered Liz’s slender body.</p>

      <p>“Even a pebble can kill if it hits just so.”</p>

      <p>Again and again, for as long as Puppchen had ammunition left to throw.</p>

      <p>“Humans are such strange creatures, don’t you think? When the body judges that a certain level of pain is too much to bear, it loses consciousness. But someone strong, like you... They don’t switch off. They get to suffer forever.”</p>

      <p>His hands continued moving as he reeled off his explanation. If anything, his throws only became more forceful and brutal, and his breathing grew steadily more ragged.</p>

      <p>“Agh!”</p>

      <p>Blood sprayed from Liz’s forehead and spattered across the ground. Her chains prevented her from even covering her face. Without outside intervention, there would be no escape from this storm of violence.</p>

      <p>“Shame is not the only way to break someone, you see.”</p>

      <p>Stone after stone struck home with pitiless accuracy as she writhed in agony.</p>

      <p>“When you teach through pain, when you beat your superiority into your enemy’s very flesh, even a Spiritblade’s chosen will submit.”</p>

      <p>Only once his fingers scraped the bottom of the box did Puppchen finally stop throwing.</p>

      <p>“I may not have a Spiritblade of my own, but if I can break you through fear, what’s the difference?”</p>

      <p>He stood up from his chair and approached the cage. Liz lay face-up, covered in blood, her chest heaving. Her cheeks were beginning to swell up. Puppchen licked his lips at the sight.</p>

      <p>“It seems you are in need of more punishment. Well, rest assured, I will not spare the rod. I’ll turn that pretty face of yours as ugly as a sow.”</p>

      <p>If he had hoped that stating his intentions aloud would break her spirits, he would be disappointed. Her eyes weren’t quite focused as she glared back at him, but a firm will smoldered in their depths.</p>

      <p>“Rebellious, aren’t we?” he scoffed. “You’d have done better to submit. Now I need to put you in your place.”</p>

      <p>He slid the box closer, picked up another rock, and threw it. Liz gritted her teeth, knowing that she couldn’t dodge it, but the pain never arrived. Lævateinn’s protection burned it to ash in midair.</p>

      <p>“My emotions have gotten the better of me, it seems. Very well. We will resume this tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>With a dismissive snort, Puppchen sat back down and took a sip of wine. His finger traced the rim of the goblet as he stared at Liz.</p>

      <p>“So the Flame Sovereign does indeed have a will of its own. But from whence does its power stem? The Spiritblades are capable of conjuring supernatural phenomena, but as far as I can tell, they cannot do so on their own. One would then assume that they draw their powers from their wielders. From your mental fortitude...or perhaps a more physical part of you.”</p>

      <p>He began to chuckle. The corners of his eyes crinkled with glee as he watched for her reaction.</p>

      <p>“So it follows that if I break your spirit, your protection will fade. Today, I was unsuccessful, but in time, I will be able to touch you with my bare hands.”</p>

      <p>The sight of her bloodstained body was providing a fine accompaniment for his wine. Drink and good cheer began to loosen his tongue.</p>

      <p>“Oh, how I await that day. I will draw out your nails, break your fingers, cut off your ears, pull out your tongue, file down your nose, and send you back to the empire in a box.” His eyes widened as he seemed to remember something, and he got to his feet. “Ah, yes. And I will send your head to this scion of Mars. Do you suppose he’ll even be able to tell who— Hm?”</p>

      <p>Although Liz had previously been unresponsive, at the mention of Mars’s scion, her lips had pulled into the tiniest of smiles.</p>

      <p>Puppchen flew into a rage. He rushed up to the cage, heedless of the wine that spilled in the process. “And what’s so funny, hm?! Come on, shed some tears like a good little girl!”</p>

      <p>Lævateinn’s protection be damned, he picked up another rock, intent on showing her the true meaning of fear. Before he could throw it, however, a clear voice cut through the tent.</p>

      <p>“What is the meaning of this?”</p>

      <p>Puppchen spun around, eyes wide with surprise. A woman stood in the tent entrance.</p>

      <p>“I will ask only once more, Lord Puppchen,” she said, advancing to glare at him with sharply angled eyes. “What is the meaning of this?”</p>

      <p>Puppchen only dropped the rock and shrugged. Being caught seemed to prompt no remorse from him. “Lady Scáthach. Oh, don’t scowl at me so. The sixth princess and I were simply having a friendly discussion.”</p>

      <p>He stepped back and turned fully toward the intruder. Named Culann Scáthach du Faerzen, she was seventeen in years—perhaps eighteen—and quite beautiful. Her turquoise hair was smooth and lustrous as silk; she wore it gathered in a bun at the back, leaving the sides to hang loose. Her features were porcelain-pale and fine as spun glass, and they seemed just as likely to shatter at a touch. The weighty armor sheathing her delicate body seemed to gird her purity in violence, giving her the harsh allure of a goddess of war. As her name implied, the blood of Faerzen’s royal lineage flowed in her veins. While the empire’s official line was that the royal family had been eradicated, she was its sole survivor, hidden by the late king from the invaders’ grasp.</p>

      <p><em>The imperials always did struggle to finish what they started.</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>