<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: Heavenly Sovereign, Boreal Sovereign</h1>

      <p><em>The twenty-second day of the eleventh month, Imperial Year 1023</em></p>

      <p>Within the beleaguered Fort Mitte, Aura faced a grim decision.</p>

      <p>“This fort could fall by sunset.”</p>

      <p>Her blunt declaration cut through the tension hanging over the tower above the gate. Bitter sighs issued from the assembled aides. None protested, however. Had it not been for her, they would never have lasted so long.</p>

      <p>“Then what’s to be done, my lady?” one of the men asked. “Soldiers of the empire do not sit and wait for death.”</p>

      <p>An older advisor scowled. “Are you proposing we sally forth and die with honor?”</p>

      <p>The soldiers had fought bravely for many long days, but they were reaching their breaking point. No man remained unwounded, provisions were running out with no hope of resupply, and no rescue was coming. Once the troops’ strength dwindled, the siege would become untenable. Even so, a final doomed charge was unlikely to appreciably bloody the enemy’s nose.</p>

      <p>“What other choice do we have? I for one mean to put up a fight that my ancestors will be proud of in the next world.”</p>

      <p>“Even if it means dying for nothing?”</p>

      <p>“It will not be for nothing. We will all earn our place with the Divines.”</p>

      <p>“You’re too quick to give up hope. Third Prince Brutahl will come for us—you’ll see.”</p>

      <p>The aides were split into two camps: those who wanted to cling to hope and continue the siege, and those who wanted to die with honor and preserve their military dignity. It fell to Aura to choose which path to take.</p>

      <p>“I’m going outside,” she said. “I need to think.”</p>

      <p>She found a place on the ramparts and gazed down at the battlefield, agonizing over what to do. The Faerzen Resistance’s encampment was a distant smear on the plain. Her eyes swept down a little, stopping on a point one sel from the main gate. There stood a girl encased in ice—a girl Aura knew well.</p>

      <p>“Forgive me.”</p>

      <p>She clenched her fist, furious at her own inefficacy. There was no telling what sequence of events had produced that sight, but two days prior, the Resistance had warned the entire fort that the same fate awaited them if they did not surrender.</p>

      <p>“Something is happening... I just don’t know what.”</p>

      <p>The Resistance was in a hurry, that much was plain, but there was no way to find out why. Their blockade was tight enough that a rat would have trouble getting past, let alone a spy. Fort Mitte was completely cut off from the outside world.</p>

      <p>“The least I can do is help her.”</p>

      <p>Aura cast another glance at Liz. There was no telling whether the princess was alive or dead, but no servant of the Grantzian royal family could fail to feel rage to see her frozen state.</p>

      <p>“He’ll hate me for this.”</p>

      <p>Aura’s failings had brought about Liz’s fate, and the twinblack boy would never forgive her for it. She bit her lip in chagrin as she recalled how things had reached this tragic point.</p>

      <p>“Everything was going to plan at first.”</p>

      <p>In order to draw the forces of the Faerzen Resistance out of hiding, she had pretended to overextend herself and fled to Fort Mitte. Once the siege was laid, more and more Resistance forces began to show themselves, smelling blood in the water. When their numbers swelled to more than thirty thousand, Aura knew that the trap had been a success. All that remained had been to coordinate with Liz, whom the emperor had newly assigned to Faerzen, to crush the enemy between them and let Third Prince Brutahl mop up what was left.</p>

      <p>The Draali forces’ arrival had put paid to that. Thanks to their intervention, what should have been Aura’s masterstroke had instead led to Liz’s capture. Her imagination had failed her, that she could not deny. She had overlooked an important piece of the puzzle, and no amount of regret could undo the consequences.</p>

      <p>Her mind was seizing up. She could feel it. The schemes in her head were growing hazy for want of a guiding light. Every possible path seemed doomed, the specter of failure too daunting. She could not afford to choose lightly when so much hinged on her decision. Her next move would quite literally make the difference between life and death.</p>

      <p>“I cannot throw their lives away.”</p>

      <p>Aura cast her gaze over the soldiers sitting dejectedly along the wall. It was only thanks to their faith in her that anyone in Fort Mitte had lasted this long. At first, they had numbered more than five thousand; now, they barely accounted for one. All bore wounds, some were too pain-stricken to sleep, and more than a few were erratic with terror.</p>

      <p>As she pondered what to do, a figure caught her eye. The man was bearish in build and taller than most, yet he seemed strangely small looking down from the battlements. His white-flecked beard rippled in the wind as he gazed at Liz’s prison of ice.</p>

      <p>Aura hurried to the man’s side. “Sir Tarmier, what are you doing?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, Lady Aura. I was simply looking at Her Highness.”</p>

      <p>She had traded few words with Tris von Tarmier, but she recalled him being far more full of life when they had met at Berg Fortress. Now, he was like a corpse without a grave.</p>

      <p>“Go back to the infirmary. You’re too hurt to be on your feet.”</p>

      <p>“No, lass. I’d rather be here...where I can see the princess I failed to save.”</p>

      <p>After seeing his unit to safety, Tris had plunged back into the fray, mounting a one-man assault on the Draali forces in a desperate bid to retrieve Liz. No doubt the old soldier had been looking for a place to die—and indeed, only one thing had kept him from finding it.</p>

      <p>“How is Cerberus?” Aura asked.</p>

      <p>Tris clenched a fist and ground his teeth in chagrin. “Lady Cerberus is yet to wake.”</p>

      <p>It was thanks to the white wolf that he had turned his back on death that day and withdrawn to Fort Mitte. Aura remembered it well. He had come staggering through the gate with the beast in his arms and desperation in his eyes, pleading despite his own grave wounds for them to treat her first. No sooner had the words left his mouth than he too had passed out. Only a few days prior had he regained consciousness.</p>

      <p>“I thought you might sortie as soon as you were awake,” Aura said.</p>

      <p>“I’ll not leave Lady Cerberus unattended.” Tris rubbed the back of his head and cracked a sheepish smile. “Her Highness would be furious.”</p>

      <p>“She cares for Cerberus?”</p>

      <p>“Aye. Known her longer than she’s known me.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>“Only seems right for her to be there when the lady wakes.”</p>

      <p>Tris raised his head to stare at Liz again. A trickle of blood ran from the corner of his mouth. His eyes blazed, and fury lined itself into his face. He looked ready to fling himself from the walls.</p>

      <p>Aura punched him on the hip, hard. “Go back to the infirmary.”</p>

      <p>Tris spun around in surprise and peered down at her, his rage dissipating. “That’s no way to treat a wounded man.”</p>

      <p>“Cerberus could wake at any moment. Go back to the infirmary.” Aura’s gaze softened as she pointed the way with a flopping sleeve. “Liz will be just as furious if you don’t take care of yourself.”</p>

      <p>Tris gave a grunt of dissatisfaction but nodded, mollified by the mention of Liz. “Aye, right enough. I suppose I’ll return to bed, then.”</p>

      <p>With one final rueful smile, he disappeared down the stairs to the infirmary. Aura remained atop the walls, gazing distantly out over the enemy camp.</p>

      <p>“Sortie. Defeat. Rout. Extermination. Death with honor.”</p>

      <p>Even saying the words out loud didn’t help. Was it better to die gloriously on the battlefield or to sit here and resign herself to her fate? No matter how hard she searched, no answer presented itself.</p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p>A disturbance in the Resistance’s camp caught her eyes. She hauled herself up onto the battlements and squinted into the distance. As she watched, a female knight approached the fort’s gate with a leisurely stride.</p>

      <p>“Hear me, Treya Verdan Aura von Bunadala of the Grantzian Empire!”</p>

      <p>Aura dropped back down to conceal herself behind the battlements and peered between the crenelations. The knight swept her gaze over the fort, beautiful and regal in her posture. This woman, Culann Scáthach du Faerzen, was another of Aura’s miscalculations—a member of Faerzen’s royal family.</p>

      <p>“I offer you one final chance! Surrender and save your men from needless deaths!”</p>

      <p>She had been told that the emperor—or, more precisely, First Prince Stovell—had taken the heads of the entire royal line. The last thing she had expected was a survivor.</p>

      <p>“If you do not surrender, we will storm the fort! How do you answer?!”</p>

      <p>Scáthach planted her azure spear in the ground. Silence fell. Nobody made a sound. A moment passed, and then Scáthach’s features twisted in disappointment. Her shoulders slumped, but her voice rang clear and steely as the rays of the setting sun fell upon her.</p>

      <p>“Very well! Men of the imperial army, I speak now to you! Deliver me the persons of Lady von Bunadala and Buze von Krone and you will once more tread the soil of your motherland!”</p>

      <p>In other words, she would let them go. That, Aura had not expected. She had been certain that the woman intended to kill them all.</p>

      <p>“I shall give you time to weigh your decision. Two lives in exchange for all of yours! Think well on what I offer!”</p>

      <p>Aura felt her resolve waver. If she only surrendered herself, all of her soldiers would be free to return home. The wounded could receive treatment. Some of the men on death’s door might be saved. Buze von Krone, however, was unlikely to look kindly on the offer. They would have to restrain him and drag him out of the cellar where he was hiding.</p>

      <p>Aura closed her eyes and steeled her resolve before stepping down from the wall. She returned to the turret over the main gate to find her faithful aides waiting for her, a bandage-swathed von Spitz among them. Every face was grave. They seemed to sense their impending defeat.</p>

      <p>“I intend to surrender,” she announced.</p>

      <p>The aides’ faces darkened with anger. “You would have us give up our commander to save our own skins?!” cried one. “Surely you jest, my lady!”</p>

      <p>“You must reconsider,” said an older man with a disapproving shake of his head. “Surely you can imagine how you will be received.”</p>

      <p>After how the imperial army had ravaged Faerzen, there was no question that Aura would be subjected to similar humiliation. What they had done to Liz erased any doubt. She could not expect to be treated kindly.</p>

      <p>Von Spitz stepped forward with a warmhearted smile. “My lady, I would charge the enemy alone and go gladly to the Divines before I would ever send you into their clutches.”</p>

      <p>“Although I’d not object to handing over Buzen von Krone,” somebody remarked.</p>

      <p>“Nor would I, after what he’s done,” another man agreed.</p>

      <p>Their scorn was well earned; as administrator, Buze had been a brutal ruler. He had beheaded every noble who had served the royal family, sold their fairest wives and daughters into slavery, and reduced the famously picturesque capital to a shell of its former self. In an attempt to curry favor, he had extended carte blanche to nobles of the empire to do with the city as they pleased. By the time Aura had arrived in Faerzen by imperial decree, it had been reduced to a smoking ruin. The sorry sight had earned the dubious honor of rousing even Third Prince Brutahl’s anger.</p>

      <p>“The enemy has given us time, my lady.” Von Spitz approached the central table. “I say we use it to plot their defeat.”</p>

      <p>For lack of any better options, the rest of the aides pitched in and began laying out pawns on the map. They were out of reserves and almost running out of food. The soldiers’ strength and morale were both at rock bottom.</p>

      <p>“First time I’ve ever fought long enough to truly run dry. Damned impressive, if you ask me.”</p>

      <p>The older aide’s quip prompted nods of agreement. Something warm stirred in Aura’s chest as she watched them get to work. Even when her spirits were broken and she had been ready to surrender, they still believed in her.</p>

      <p>“A sortie, then?”</p>

      <p>“A feint, I say. We pretend to charge and steal back Her Highness.”</p>

      <p>“Care to join us, Lady Aura? We could use your judgment.”</p>

      <p>Even now, they were still striving to play their parts as her subordinates. It was only right that she showed the same resolve. Their faith gave her the strength to keep fighting, to keep hoping.</p>

      <p>“There’s no need for any glorious deaths.” She strode briskly up to the table and placed a pawn on the map. “This should be their battle to lose, but they aren’t acting like it. Something has them in a hurry.”</p>

      <p>Something was afoot. Therein lay their chance. They just had to survive the day, and the next, and the one after that. They would fight to live, no matter the shame that would incur. So long as they still drew breath, there was hope.</p>

      <p>Aura thrust out a small fist. “We will survive. And we will win.”</p>

      <p>Nobody disagreed with her declaration. They only nodded firmly, as though there was no doubt in their hearts that it was so.</p>

      <p>“But first, we have to make it through today.”</p>

      <p>She could feel her mind clearing. The fog was dissipating. Fear clouded her mind no more. Though her face remained as expressionless as ever, she issued commands to her aides with a newfound vivacity. The soldiers readily sprang into action, scattering in all directions. They would take personal control of each of the fort’s four walls. Some of them, she would likely never meet again, but the surety of their steps as they sped from the tower seemed to insist that such worries were groundless.</p>

      <p>Once Aura finished issuing orders, she set out for the central courtyard with von Spitz.</p>

      <p>“Are you certain about this, my lady?”</p>

      <p>“I am. I will command the reserves myself.”</p>

      <p>The sun had set by the time they stepped outside, but as Aura shivered in the growing chill, a shaft of moonlight slipped through the clouds to bathe her in warm light.</p>

      <p>The reserves stationed in the courtyard eyed her uncertainly as she arrived. They were swathed in bandages and covered in blood. She went around, thanking every one of them in person for fighting so bravely. It did not take long. They numbered fewer than a hundred.</p>

      <p>As she concluded, a new arrival appeared. “I fear these old bones may only cause you trouble, my lady,” he announced, “but I’ll not sit out this battle.”</p>

      <p>It was Tris. Though still wounded, the old soldier was positively brimming with vigor. Aura thought to ask what had happened, but he preempted her question.</p>

      <p>“Lady Cerberus has awoken,” he explained. His face shone with relief for a moment before quickly turning serious. “So it seems I have one more reason not to allow this fort to fall.”</p>

      <p>Aura’s head dipped in a small nod. “Thank you.”</p>

      <p>Von Spitz gripped Tris’s hand, grinning. “I would rather have you at my side than a hundred lesser men.”</p>

      <p>In a bid to keep spirits up, the soldiers linked arms and sang songs. Over time, however, their voices grew quieter and a nervousness overtook them. The joyous banter faded to silence, and it seemed as though a crushing weight had settled over the courtyard.</p>

      <p>At last, there came the sound of enemy footsteps and battle cries from outside the walls. Boots crunched against the earth in numbers a dozen times what they could muster.</p>

      <p>“Your time has run out! We will now storm the fort! Expect no quarter!”</p>

      <p>Scáthach’s voice rose above the din. It carried well and rang true in the ears, the mark of a natural commander. Aura steeled her resolve and drew the spirit weapon at her belt.</p>

      <p>At that moment, an almighty crash rocked the front gate. Despite the imminent battle, von Spitz’s gaze flicked upward. “What’s the north wall playing at?!”</p>

      <p>Archers ought to have been raining arrows down on the enemy, but their numbers must have been too few. The Resistance had already pushed up to the front gate and were working to crack it open.</p>

      <p>“Down,” Aura commanded.</p>

      <p>She raised her shield above her head. Von Spitz hurriedly followed suit. A moment later, a clatter filled the courtyard like a rain of falling rocks.</p>

      <p>“They’re focusing everything on the north wall.”</p>

      <p>Seeing the enemy’s strategy, Aura turned to the reserves and ordered them to lend their assistance.</p>

      <p>“And the gate won’t hold.”</p>

      <p>It was swaying on its hinges now. The enemy must have built some kind of siege weaponry. Another discordant crash sent dust spiraling into the air. Aura set off toward the gate, meaning to lend her assistance, but she only made it a few steps before abruptly being knocked sprawling.</p>

      <p>“Ngh... Huh? What...?”</p>

      <p>She lifted her head from where it had smacked into the dirt. An unfamiliar man stood over her, dressed as one of her subordinates.</p>

      <p>“Apologies, my lady, but I’m afraid I can’t let you live.”</p>

      <p>“Run, Lady Aura!” cried von Spitz, seeing the danger, but he was too late. The distance between them yawned far too wide for him to reach.</p>

      <p>Aura glared up at the assassin as he raised his sword, to no avail, but as the wicked blade glinted in the moonlight, a bearish silhouette slipped in front of her: Tris.</p>

      <p>“Ah...”</p>

      <p>A stunned gasp slipped from her lips as blood sprayed across Tris’s shoulders. For an instant, the stars were red. Despair filled the courtyard. The onlookers stared at Tris with wide eyes.</p>

      <p>“How...?”</p>

      <p>With a gurgle and a heavy thud, a body toppled to the ground. It was not Tris who fell, however, but Aura’s would-be killer.</p>

      <p>“Seems I came in the nick of time,” said a voice from behind the corpse.</p>

      <p>“Huh? I know you...” Tris turned, his eyes widening in surprise. Warm moonlight illuminated the intruder: a brawny, olive-skinned man with a scarred face.</p>

      <p>“How did you get in here, you knave?!” von Spitz barked.</p>

      <p>“Easy, friend. I mean you no harm.” The man threw up his hands in a show of goodwill. “The name’s Muninn, in the gainful employ of our very own One-Eyed Dragon. I’ve got a letter for a certain Lady Aura.”</p>

      <p>Despite his fierce appearance, he had a laid-back manner that stuck out like a sore thumb in the tense confines of Fort Mitte.</p>

      <p>“Sir Spitz.” Aura gestured for the man to lower his sword, which he reluctantly did. She stepped closer to Muninn and looked up at him. “Who sent you?”</p>

      <p>“Why, Lord Hiro, of course.”</p>

      <p>The scar-faced man’s blinding grin seemed too wide to be real, and his words too good to be true. Hiro was here. Come to think of it, when was the last time they had exchanged letters? It might well have been before he left for Lebering.</p>

      <p>“How many?”</p>

      <p>“Fifteen hundred cavalry. The Crow Legion’s finest.”</p>

      <p>A shiver ran down Aura’s spine, and she felt her skin grow hot. Never had she imagined that she would hear that name uttered in the modern age. “The foulest fiend falls when the Crow Legion rides,” she whispered, clutching her book to her chest.</p>

      <p>Did they not hesitate to invite the comparison? The Crow Legion’s tale—both good and ill—had become legend, their deeds of one thousand years ago surely exaggerated. It would be no easy task to make the name their own. The idea was Hiro’s, no doubt, but it was bold even for him.</p>

      <p>“Call them what you like,” von Spitz interjected, “they’re not the same men who fought under Mars. Fifteen hundred won’t be enough to break the Resistance.”</p>

      <p>Neither Aura nor Muninn was listening.</p>

      <p>“Here’s that letter. Lord Hiro says you’re to follow every word.”</p>

      <p>“I will.”</p>

      <p>“He’ll see to the rest. You just sit pretty here ’til the fighting’s done.”</p>

      <p>Aura opened the letter and read it by the moon’s glow. A faint smile spread across her stoic face.</p>

      <p>Von Spitz’s brow creased dubiously. “Does something amuse you, my lady?”</p>

      <p>She shook her head. Her smile had been one of relief, not amusement. In any case, it quickly vanished as her face turned more grave.</p>

      <p>“Sir Spitz, tell every unit to gather at the north wall. And light bonfires. Lots of them.”</p>

      <p>“I fear I do not understand. Are you certain it is wise to abandon the other walls?”</p>

      <p>“Just do it. And hurry.”</p>

      <p>Von Spitz stiffened at the cold glare from Aura’s lead-gray eyes. “At once, my lady!” With a deep bow, he departed.</p>

      <p>Once he was gone, Aura turned back to Muninn. “Are you staying?”</p>

      <p>“Course I am.” He flashed her a smile brimming with confidence. “Lord Hiro’s got it in the bag without my help, just you wait and see.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p>Warm moonlight showered the land, but the wind cut like a frozen knife. Atop a small hill, where the gale blew strongest, the silver glow reflected darkly from a force clad in black. The boy who led them—Hiro—stretched out his hand toward the full moon and smiled.</p>

      <p>“It’s beautiful, don’t you think? A fine night to catch a foe unawares.”</p>

      <p>Beneath him lay Fort Mitte, and around it sprawled the Faerzen Resistance’s troops. The journey from Draal to Faerzen typically took three days, but he had managed it in just one—a feat only possible because of the fresh horses he had instructed High General Vakish to make ready. Fifteen hundred of his three thousand men had kept up with the forced march, an impressive result.</p>

      <p>“Huginn has infiltrated the camp,” Garda said. “The men are ready to charge whenever you please.”</p>

      <p>At last, all of the pieces were in place to save Liz. “Excellent,” he whispered. “It’s been a long road, but we’re finally here.”</p>

      <p>He summoned Excalibur. A silver light gleamed in the darkness, seeming to soothe the soldiers’ exhaustion with its touch. The blade floated down into Hiro’s hand, and he snatched its hilt from the air.</p>

      <p>“Now we wait for the signal.” His instructions to Aura had been simple: keep the enemy’s forces split up and their eyes on Fort Mitte. He cast a glance at the structure. “Looks like she’s doing as we asked,” he remarked. “Muninn must have made it inside.”</p>

      <p>Bonfires were flaring into life all along the fort’s north wall. At the same time, the enemy launched a vigorous attack on the other three sides, which were now defended only by a skeleton crew. The wind carried the sound of drums from within the fort—no doubt a ploy to keep the enemy’s attention.</p>

      <p>“Thank you all for accompanying me on this road.”</p>

      <p>Hiro drew Excalibur smoothly from its sheath and turned to face his men. He looked across all of their faces in turn. The moonlight cast their determined expressions into sharp relief as they awaited the command. A genuine smile spread across his face as gratitude welled up from deep within his heart.</p>

      <p>“I dedicate this victory to the Spirit King.”</p>

      <p>He returned to face the battlefield and raised his glittering blade to the night sky. The soldiers behind him gasped in awe. To see him silhouetted against the moon, none could deny that he was the Hero King of Twinned Black come again. They saw the War God reborn in the modern age, and they knew that victory was promised.</p>

      <p>“Come.”</p>

      <p>Words would slaughter no foes. The battlefield was no place for ornate proclamations. What he sought, what he asked, what he wished to say, his silhouette told as eloquently as any speech.</p>

      <p>He was born to rule the battlefield.</p>

      <p>He was a strategist to transcend the world of men.</p>

      <p>Thus, Mars needed no words to move men’s hearts, for his presence alone was enough.</p>

      <p>“All units, charge.”</p>

      <p>Hiro swung Excalibur down and barreled down the slope. The other riders could not match the speed of his swiftdrake, but that mattered little. The enemy was so fixated on Fort Mitte that they were paying no attention whatsoever to their rear. A small loss of cohesion would make no difference. The raid’s success was certain. With the Resistance sure that victory was at hand, it was all too easy to tear open their flank.</p>

      <p>“Hey! Where’s that coming from?!”</p>

      <p>A soldier heard the thunder of hoofbeats and spun around, but he was too late.</p>

      <p>“We’re under atta—!”</p>

      <p>Hiro lopped the man’s head off with one stroke and cut into the enemy lines. The Crow Legion’s cavalry followed like an avalanche, surging into the breach. The night rang with the discordant crunch of warping steel as armor crumpled beneath horseshoes.</p>

      <p>The men of the Resistance fell like wheat before a scythe, unable to muster any effective defense. The Crow Legion drove deeper, piercing and implacable as a pointed needle, slaughtering anybody who crossed their path. Having prepared for a siege rather than open combat, most of the enemy troops were light infantry—nowhere was there a bulwark strong enough to stop a cavalry charge, leaving the Crow Legion to rampage unchecked. They might have fielded archers, but all of those were on the front lines; while they did possess units of spearmen, most of those had been sent to the front as well, their spears finding use as projectiles. Only reserves remained to defend the rear, and sparse thorns had little sting. Besides, many had their guard down, rendering them easily pulverized by the cavalry’s momentum.</p>

      <p>As the melee grew chaotic and friend mingled with foe, more and more officers succumbed to confusion. They abandoned judgment and charged to their deaths, goaded by panic and outrage. With no superiors to command them, their troops lashed out at whoever was nearby, which in the darkness was often one another. The battlefield steadily turned to a bloodbath, a nexus of hatred of all kinds—roars, screams, battle cries, death rattles.</p>

      <p>“Your Lordship!” a voice cried through the din.</p>

      <p>Hiro looked around, squinting. Huginn stood in the distance, waving a torch to guide him. At first he thought that she was being reckless—that was guaranteed to draw enemy attention—but by the time he reached her, he had seen that was no concern. Her exceptional archery left every enemy that approached her dead on the ground with an arrow neatly lodged between their eyes.</p>

      <p>Hiro dismounted his swiftdrake and stroked its head. “Go back to Garda,” he said before turning to Huginn.</p>

      <p>She looked uncomfortable. “Your Lordship.”</p>

      <p>“Have you found Liz?”</p>

      <p>A shadow fell over Huginn’s face as she lowered her eyes. “I... Yes, Your Lordship. I’ve found her.”</p>

      <p>“Well, where is she?”</p>

      <p>If she hadn’t come with Huginn, that probably meant that she was wounded. There was always the chance that she was hiding somewhere, ready to jump out and fling her arms around him—she did love to surprise him—but the situation was a little too serious for that.</p>

      <p>“She’s there.”</p>

      <p>Huginn gestured to a strange object—a pillar of ice. Hiro’s breath caught in his throat at the sight of the figure sealed within.</p>

      <p>She had loved that crimson uniform. She had taken great pleasure in adjusting it herself, sometimes quizzing him for days on end if he could tell what she had changed. Now its fabric was cruelly torn, with what looked like bandages showing through beneath. Her limbs were so swathed in cloth that she looked like a mummy. Half-healed grazes crisscrossed her forehead, and abrasions marred her cheeks and lips.</p>

      <p>“Ahh...”</p>

      <p>He had waited so long for their reunion, but he had never wanted it to be like this.</p>

      <p>He slowly approached the icy tomb, stretched out a hand doomed not to reach her. Cold, oh so cold was the wall that barred his way. Sword hilts and spear hafts protruded from the crystal; merely sealing her away had not assuaged the hatred of whoever had done this.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>