<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p>A normal person would have had their neck snapped, but his physical enhancement meant he got off with just a broken nose. Damage that could be restored with healing magic.</p>

      <p>Rio had punched a hero on impulse, but it was an emergency situation, so he deemed it justifiable. It was one of the rare occasions where Rio had acted without thinking.</p>

      <p>“...Shall we return? Come this way.” Rio drew near Miharu and walked along the deck at a leisurely pace. The ship crew had trembled in fear at the sight of Rio punching the hero, but after a moment, they exploded in cheers and applause.</p>

      <p>“Well done!”</p>

      <p>“If you’re going back down to the ground, we can assist!”</p>

      <p>“What kind of hero would forcefully kidnap a young lady like that?!”</p>

      <p>The ship’s crew seemed to have their own thoughts about Takahisa’s rampage, as they praised Rio highly.</p>

      <p>“Haha. We’ll go back like this. Hold on tight, Miharu.” With those parting words, Rio leaped down from the enchanted ship with Miharu clinging to him. The crew rushed to lean over the side, watching them fall in a panic. But, once they spotted Rio soaring nimbly through the use of his sword, they cheered even louder for him.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>