<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“My family was destroyed once by that boy’s disappearance. The one who became my new family after that was you, brother. And the new family I’ve built up is going to be broken again... by none other than the same person. That’s why... there’s no other option. If you’re going to be serious about this, then I will, too,” Aki said, smiling brokenly.</p>

      <p>“...Where are you going, Frill?” Takahisa turned around and called out to Frill, who was trying to quietly leave the kitchen and go outside. Frill came to a trembling halt.</p>

      <p>“Ah, umm... We were out of tea leaves...”</p>

      <p>“That’s fine—forget the tea. Come back.”</p>

      <p>“O-Okay...” Frill dragged herself back to the middle of the room.</p>

      <p>“Lily, were you trying to inform Miharu and Satsuki of this?” Takahisa seemed to think that Lilianna had given Frill the order herself, as though saying he was ready to begin his plan right away.</p>

      <p>“...Will you not yield at all, Sir Takahisa? About returning to the Centostella Kingdom with me. The only thing waiting at the end of the road that you are trying to go down is destruction. There is no way you can fool your way through,” Lilianna said with a resigned sigh.</p>

      <p>“I have to fool them! Because I have to protect everyone. So that they can all be happy!” Takahisa said resolutely.</p>

      <p>“That’s just your...” Lilianna was about to say something, but broke off with a bitter face. She realized if she said it out loud, she could truly break the relationship she had formed with Takahisa.</p>

      <p>No, it was already broken by Takahisa himself. Craving the happiness he’d lost, witnessing it fold into the hands of someone else before his very eyes made him struggle hideously. However, reality wasn’t going the way he wanted—so much so that he had temporarily, or perhaps permanently, gone crazy.</p>

      <p>Oh, what a pitiful person, Lilianna sympathized with a frown. But after several seconds passed, she spoke up.</p>

      <p>“...I understand. As long as you don’t mind taking sole blame for running wild when you are caught, then I give you permission to use our enchanted ship to take Lady Miharu away. However, no matter what kind of end awaits you, you will be the one to take full responsibility. This you must accept. I will also have you accept several other conditions in advance. If you break these conditions in the future, I will punish you without mercy. I may not be able to save you when you have your regrets later. Are you still willing to choose this option despite all this, Sir Takahisa?” Lilianna asked coldly, as though questioning Takahisa’s resolution. For a moment, even Takahisa was overwhelmed by how she pressured him.</p>

      <p>“...I am. I choose this,” he answered.</p>

      <p>“I have received your word. Ensure that you do not go back on it.” Lilianna’s tone was sharper than usual.</p>

      <p>“Lily, I’m sure you know already, but telling Miharu and the others...”</p>

      <p>“I will no longer attempt such a thing. Now that things have come to this, I must prepare myself for the worst, too. I will guide you through to the end.” Lilianna shot down Takahisa’s distrusting words immediately.</p>

      <p>“...All right.” Takahisa nodded his head, a bit frightened.</p>

      <p>“Now, this is a reckless attempt to begin with, so please give me several hours at the most to make my preparations. There’s no guarantee that we will succeed even with that, but I shall tell you the outline of the plan. Lady Aki will have an especially important role, so please be prepared,” Lilianna explained. There was no turning back now.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Three hours after Takahisa had formed his reckless abduction plan with Lilianna, Aki went to visit Satsuki’s quarters alone to tell them that Takahisa would be returning to the Centostella Kingdom urgently.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Takahisa’s going back already?!” Satsuki yelled in shock. Five people were currently in the room: Rio, Miharu, Satsuki, Masato, and Aki.</p>

      <p>“Umm, he was rather shocked that he lost to Haruto in the match...” Aki explained, glancing at Rio momentarily. When they made eye contact, she looked down guiltily.</p>

      <p>“Hah... That’s so pathetic, bro...” Masato said in exasperation, but he did feel sympathy for his brother as he sighed worriedly.</p>

      <p>“I’ve decided that I will be going with him,” Aki declared. They all stayed silent with uncomfortable expressions on their faces.</p>

      <p>“Neither of you will be coming along, right?” Aki looked at Miharu and Masato to confirm.</p>

      <p>“...Yeah. I’m sorry,” Miharu refused sadly. It was something she had decided long ago, yet when it was time to say goodbye, it felt like her chest was about to burst.</p>

      <p>“I... It’s a tough choice, but I’m not going either.” Masato didn’t think it would benefit his brother if he changed his mind here and went with them, but he didn’t say it out loud. Right now, he just wanted to run away.</p>

      <p>“...I see.” Aki’s voice sounded both relieved and upset at the same time.</p>

      <p>“But I’ll come see you off,” Masato said resolutely.</p>

      <p>Aki took a deep breath and lifted her head, speaking clearly to them all. “Okay. Takahisa wants to apologize to everyone before we leave. Will you come with me?”</p>

      <p>Rio and the others left Satsuki’s quarters to follow Aki through the castle. They arrived at a section of the garden that surrounded the castle and spotted Takahisa standing there.</p>

      <p>“Bro!” Masato called out and ran forward first.</p>

      <p>“Hey, everyone. And Haruto, too...” Takahisa gave a shady smile as he responded to them all.</p>

      <p>“We heard the news. You’re returning to Centostella?” Satsuki asked a little unhappily.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I’ve caused enough of a stir... So Lilianna said it would be best for me to leave everyone and cool my head temporarily. I’m sorry.” Takahisa bowed his head, biting on his lower lip. On top of that, he called out their names one by one and lowered his head, saying over and over again how truly sorry he was.</p>

      <p><em>...Why is he here alone, though?</em> Rio found it strange. Had he been waiting for Aki to bring them here this whole time? There had been no hesitation in Aki’s steps, which was also a little curious.</p>

      <p>“Haruto, I’m sorry. I’ve said so many rude things to you.” Takahisa bowed his head at Rio as well. Had he calmed down in these few hours? Just as Rio thought that, he caught a glimpse of a murky darkness in Takahisa’s eyes as he bowed his head. It gave him an eerie feeling.</p>

      <p>Despite feeling something unsettling, Rio bowed his head in return. “No, I acted out of line, too. May I ask what you were doing here already?”</p>

      <p>“...The horse carriages are waiting in the center garden to take us to the harbor, but Lily’s currently talking to the king. I thought I’d take a short walk while I waited,” Takahisa answered with a slightly stiff face. He seemed a little uncomfortable about something. However, that did answer the question of why he was here.</p>

      <p>“There you are, Lady Satsuki, Sir Haruto.” Charlotte appeared, calling Rio and Satsuki’s names. At that moment, Takahisa and Aki’s expressions clearly stiffened. Seeing that, Charlotte gave a pleasant smile.</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter?” Being called out by name like this meant that she needed something. However, the fact she came all the way to the gardens outside the castle herself seemed a little strange. Well, it wasn’t that strange if she had been guided by those who had spotted them in her search...</p>

      <p>“I have something important to discuss with you two. May I have some of your time?” Charlotte tapped her right index finger against her mouth and batted her eyelashes up at Rio and Satsuki’s faces.</p>

      <p>“Umm, Takahisa and Aki are about to head to the Centostella Kingdom, so if it’s not urgent, we would prefer to talk to the two of them a little more first...” said Satsuki. It was difficult for Rio to refuse because of his social position, but as a hero, Satsuki could refuse the princess without backlash.</p>

      <p>“Oh, we’re about to head off anyway, so it’s okay. I’d rather not drag out our farewells too long, otherwise I’ll be reluctant to leave...” Takahisa said with a slightly awkward, uneasy look.</p>

      <p>“...I see. Then, this time we’ll be saying farewell—and it’s a bittersweet one. Next time, we’ll be in a much better place. Everyone finally reunited again, thanks to Haruto. We have to take a moment to appreciate the good that came from that. Let’s meet again soon, no matter what.” Satsuki didn’t seem to doubt that they would meet again, though her face darkened as she spoke.</p>

      <p>“...Yeah.” Takahisa and Aki both looked down and nodded, making their expressions hard to read. However, it seemed as though there was a shadow over their faces.</p>

      <p>“See you later then, Takahisa. Aki,” Satsuki said, lightly embracing the two of them.</p>

      <p>“We’ll see you again someday soon,” Rio also said to them in parting.</p>

      <p>Takahisa responded with a slightly stiff “yeah,” but Aki averted her gaze in silence. Seeing Aki’s reaction made Miharu want to say something, but—</p>

      <p>“Now, shall we go?” Charlotte said, prompting Rio and Satsuki to move.</p>

      <p><em>Aishia. I know we’re in the castle, but I’m a little worried about the lack of guards. Could you stay beside Miharu and the others in your spirit form and let me know if something happens? If something happens, you can materialize too,</em> Rio said to Aishia within him.</p>

      <p><em>Okay, got it, </em>Aishia replied immediately. In that time, Charlotte took up her place to his left side while Satsuki, looking reluctant, moved to stand at Rio’s right side.</p>

      <p>As a result, with the exception of Aishia in her spirit form, the only ones left were Takahisa, Aki, Masato, and Miharu. Just then, Aki let out a noise in realization.</p>

      <p>“Ah!”</p>

      <p>“What’s the matter?” Masato asked Aki after his small body flinched.</p>

      <p>“I forgot something in my room. I have to get it before we leave. Come with me.” Aki grabbed Masato’s right arm.</p>

      <p>“Ah, hey! Aki! What are you doing?!” Masato asked as he was dragged towards the castle.</p>

      <p>“Try and be tactful for once. You’ve noticed too, haven’t you? Just five minutes is enough.” Aki glanced back at Takahisa and Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Ugh. Fine, then.” Masato looked at the two of them before scratching at his head with his left hand and sighing. Meanwhile, an awkward air hung over Takahisa and Miharu, who had been left behind.</p>

      <p>“Do you want to go for a walk?” Takahisa asked Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Sure, okay...” Miharu nodded awkwardly, then followed Takahisa’s lead around the garden. Miharu left a bit of distance between them as they walked. One, then two minutes passed in silence; their conversations didn’t last long even back when they were in Japan, but their extended silence now was probably influenced by how their relationship had become stilted since their reunion here.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Takahisa. How far are we walking?” Miharu asked after a while. They had come all the way to the outskirts of the castle grounds. There was no one in the area and they were right next to the wall that surrounded the castle.</p>

      <p>“Ah, umm. I hadn’t decided. Sorry...” Takahisa came to a stop and said awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“Umm, should we go back? We’re pretty far from the castle now...” Miharu suggested.</p>

      <p>“No... Say, Miharu. Why do you want to be together with him?” Takahisa suddenly asked.</p>

      <p>“Why... Why...? Umm, because I want to, I guess.” Miharu thought seriously before giving a redundant answer.</p>

      <p>“That isn’t a reason.” <em>So she would choose him over me after all.</em> Takahisa felt painful emotions swirling in his chest once more, but he feigned composure as he spoke to Miharu. His voice was shaking.</p>

      <p>“But that’s what it is. I can’t explain it well in words.” No, there was one accurate way of expressing it, but it wasn’t something that should be admitted to others lightly. However...</p>

      <p>Perhaps she needed to tell Takahisa after all. Miharu hesitated for a moment, but she decided to say it herself.</p>

      <p>However, Takahisa was the one to mention it. “Umm... Do you like him? Is that why you want to be with him?”</p>

      <p>“Err... Yeah. That’s right—I like him. That’s why I want to be with him.” Normally she would be too embarrassed to admit it out loud, but for some reason, she said it now without feeling any hint of shyness.</p>

      <p>“Is that because he’s Amakawa Haruto? Or because of his current self?” Takahisa’s expression stiffened. He had been too embarrassed to talk about love to Miharu while they were in Japan, but he was being fairly intrusive with his questions now. Miharu’s eyes wavered in surprise, but she soon smiled and answered.</p>

      <p>“It’s both. I think I love both of them. The Haruto from before he was reborn, and the Haruto now. I fell in love with the same person twice.” Because Haru-kun exists, she could love the current Haruto even more. Because Haruto exists, she could love Haru-kun even more. That was her thinking.</p>

      <p>However, that answer gouged a hole in Takahisa’s heart. It was unacceptable. There was absolutely no way he could accept it. He gritted his teeth.</p>

      <p>“But... but...” he began to say, his shoulders shaking like a cornered criminal.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Charlotte brought Rio and Satsuki to the rooftop garden, which was reserved for royalty.</p>

      <p>“See? Isn’t it a lovely view of the outside of the castle? You can just see the enchanted ship harbor from here, too.” Charlotte walked to the outskirts of the rooftop garden and turned back to smile at Rio and Satsuki behind her.</p>

      <p>“It certainly is lovely, but... What was the important matter that you wanted to discuss, Char?” Satsuki asked, despite being impressed by the view from the garden. In Satsuki’s case, it was a scenery she witnessed every day from the top floor of the tower she resided in, which was even taller than the garden, so she wasn’t that impressed.</p>

      <p>“Hehe. Now now, there’s no need for such haste. I’ve prepared somewhere for us to sit over here, so let’s take a seat first. Now, come this way.” Charlotte brushed them off in an aloof manner, leisurely inviting them to the seats that had been prepared in a spot to oversee the scenery.</p>

      <p><em>Haruto.</em></p>

      <p>Just then, Aishia’s voice echoed in Rio’s head.</p>

      <p><em>...What’s wrong?</em> Rio walked behind Charlotte as he answered immediately.</p>

      <p><em>Takahisa is taking Miharu outside of the castle.</em></p>

      <p><em>Is he trying something?</em></p>

      <p><em>I don’t know. They’re talking right now. Wanna hear?</em></p>

      <p><em>Huh, I can do that...?</em></p>

      <p><em>You and I are connected, so I can share the things I see and hear with you.</em></p>

      <p>As soon as Aishia said that, muffled voices that didn’t belong to her filled Rio’s head. It was Takahisa’s voice.</p>

      <p><em>“Umm... Do you like him? Is that why you want to be with him?”</em> Hearing him suddenly say something like that startled Rio.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, Aishia. We should respect their privacy...</em> He didn’t think that he should be listening in on this conversation, but before he could say anything more to Aishia, someone else spoke up.</p>

      <p><em>“Err... Yeah. That’s right—I like him. That’s why I want to be with him.”</em></p>

      <p>It was Miharu’s voice. Rio swallowed his breath with a gasp. He was filled with an indescribable sense of guilt for eavesdropping on someone else’s conversation like this—and felt the same about Aishia.</p>

      <p><em>“Is that because he’s Amakawa Haruto? Or because of his current self?”</em></p>

      <p><em>“It’s both. I think I love both of them. The Haruto before he was reborn, and the Haruto now. I fell in love with the same person twice.”</em> While Rio’s thoughts were occupied, Miharu and Takahisa’s conversation continued. He was now certain they were discussing him.</p>

      <p><em>Aishia, I really shouldn’t be listening to this conversation after all. I think you should also stay out of hearing reach and just watch over them from a distance, too. </em>Rio passed on a message for Aishia to suspend her transmission of the conversation, but—</p>

      <p><em>“But— But he’s a murderer!”</em> Takahisa began speaking of Rio in contempt. The situation was taking a suspicious turn.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>“But— But he’s a murderer!” Takahisa released the emotions he had been forcing down as he spoke ill of Rio in front of Miharu.</p>

      <p>“...” Miharu looked extremely sad.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Miharu—open your eyes! You’re being tricked by him!” Takahisa objected in frustration.</p>

      <p>“So your apology to Haruto earlier was just for show.”</p>

      <p>“That— I had to. I had to do what was necessary.”</p>

      <p>“What was necessary?” Miharu stared intensely at Takahisa, making him lose his nerve at the illusion of being seen through completely.</p>

      <p>“T-That’s irrelevant right now! I’m asking you to come to your senses and come with me instead!” Takahisa’s voice trembled as he yelled, at his wit’s end.</p>

      <p>“I won’t be going with you. You’re the one who needs to open your eyes, Takahisa,” Miharu said firmly.</p>

      <p>“You’re being deceived, Miharu! He’s a murderer!”</p>

      <p>“I’m not being deceived.”</p>

      <p>“You are! He acts like a good person, but he’ll turn around and kill people if he needs to. He said there’s someone he wants to kill. Is that not hypocritical of him?! You’re being fooled into staying with a murderer, no matter how you think about it!”</p>

      <p>“So what? He saved me. Aki and Masato, too—we were all saved by him. When we were abducted by the slave merchant, he was fighting out of our line of sight. Someone may have died in that battle. Haruto may have been the one that killed them. Would you still insult Haruto, knowing that?”</p>

      <p>“I’m saying this with your well-being in mind, Miharu. We live in different worlds compared to him! He’s a person from this world, and we’re people who lived in Japan. We may return to Japan someday. He would be nothing but a dirty criminal in Japan.”</p>

      <p>“...How can you say such horrible things?” Miharu’s shock made her back away from Takahisa to create distance between them.</p>

      <p>“It’s because I love you, Miharu! I’m in love with you! And I always have been! From the moment we met until now—all this time!” Takahisa confessed his love for Miharu at the most inappropriate moment.</p>

      <p>“...I’m sorry. There’s just no way.” Miharu’s fright caused her to reject him in a short tone.</p>

      <p>“Wh... Are you saying you’d choose him?! When he wouldn’t choose you?!”</p>

      <p>“H-He doesn’t need to choose me! I know there are lots of people around Haruto who are more attractive than me! I’ve accepted that already! But I... I...!” Takahisa’s insensitive statement made Miharu raise her voice angrily.</p>

      <p>“You’re my number one! If Lily is number two, then you’re number one by a landslide! I always have you at the forefront of my mind, I’m always thinking of your well-being the most...!”</p>

      <p>“You say what you’re doing is for my sake, but in the end it’s all for your own! Isn’t that the hypocrisy you hate so much?” Miharu pointed out Takahisa’s contradictory behavior.</p>

      <p>“I’m different! Don’t lump me in with him! I’m not a murderer! I wouldn’t ever kill a person!”</p>

      <p>“...I’ve had enough,” Miharu muttered in disbelief. Her emotions had surpassed shock and moved on to disappointment. She weakly turned on her heel to depart.</p>

      <p>“Even after everything I’ve said, you still won’t come to your senses?” Takahisa said to her back, suppressing his anger.</p>

      <p>“I don’t want to talk to you anymore. Not until <em>you</em> come to your senses and apologize to Haruto sincerely. Honestly, I don’t want you to take Aki with you, but she adores you so much. Make sure you don’t make her cry. Now... goodbye.” Miharu came to a stop but didn’t look back. Takahisa’s entire body trembled.</p>

      <p>“Huh...?” Miharu felt a strong impact against her back. Then, she felt a floating sensation—like something was carrying her.</p>

      <p>“T-Takahisa?! W-What are you doing?! Stop it!” Takahisa had picked her up, holding her as he stood looking up at the castle walls.</p>

      <p>He had only been a few meters away from Miharu earlier. Aishia was lying in wait in her spirit form, but taking into account the time lag of turning from spirit form to materialized form, it was impossible for her to interrupt Takahisa’s sudden movement boosted by his divine arms’ physical enhancement.</p>

      <p>“I thought— I thought you’d understand after I told you my feelings. But if you still don’t get it, I’ll just move on to the next step of the plan!” Takahisa said with Miharu in his arms, then made a full-powered sprint towards the wall. His eyes burned with a hollow light.</p>

      <p>The castle walls were roughly 10 meters tall. They were generally constructed to look shorter on the inside and taller on the outside, so it wasn’t that difficult to break out from the inside.</p>

      <p>However, to Miharu, who had her movements restricted as she was being forcibly carried, the looming wall approaching nearer incited nothing but fear. Just before Takahisa leaped, Miharu curled up and squeezed her eyes shut.</p>

      <p><em>I can’t just let this happen!</em> Miharu knew she needed to inform someone of this situation, so she frantically tried to do something. She thought of making something happen using the spirit arts she learned from the spirit folk.</p>

      <p><em>Bang!</em></p>

      <p>“W-What?!” The sound of something tearing exploded loudly, making Takahisa flinch for a moment and stand on top of the castle wall. Because her spirit arts weren’t fully-developed yet, she had only created the sound of exploding air.</p>

      <p>The thought of Miharu creating that sound didn’t even cross Takahisa’s mind, so he looked around in confusion.</p>

      <p>“Hey. Who’s that up there?! There’s someone on the walls! He’s carrying a girl!” One of the soldiers on guard had heard the explosion and spotted Takahisa on top of the wall. Miharu took the chance to create a ball of light in her hands and float it high into the air. It would only last for a minute, but it served as a landmark.</p>

      <p>“Gah, what?! Damn it!” When Takahisa spotted Miharu making the ball of light in her hands, he paled. But he couldn’t afford to stand around and be caught, so he proceeded to jump off the castle wall and run at full speed towards the harbor where the Centostella Kingdom’s enchanted ship waited.</p>

      <p>This section of the castle wall was the closest to the lake, and Lilianna had told him of the shortest path to the harbor. It would take less than a minute to get there.</p>

      <p>“I’m bringing you with me! I’m bringing you with me no matter what!” The preparations to depart were completed already, so as long as they reached the ship, the plan would succeed. Takahisa believed that as he charged ahead at full speed.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, a few moments before that, Rio and the others stood in the rooftop garden. Rio had seated himself with Satsuki and Charlotte, but his ears were turned towards Miharu and Takahisa’s conversation. No—it would be more accurate to say his entire mind was occupied with it.</p>

      <p>He hadn’t wanted to eavesdrop, but the conversation took such an unsettling turn that he couldn’t help but listen to the conversation that was being transmitted to him in installments.</p>

      <p><em>Aishia, what’s the situation right now?</em> He asked Aishia around when Miharu rejected Takahisa’s confession.</p>

      <p><em>It’s as you hear. The two are arguing with each other.</em></p>

      <p><em>Is everything okay?</em></p>

      <p><em>No threatening moves have been made yet. I cannot materialize and appear to them yet, so I’ll continue to observe like this,</em> Aishia answered flatly.</p>

      <p><em>I-I see...</em> Rio felt relieved for the time being, but that moment didn’t last long.</p>

      <p><em>“T-Takahisa?! W-What are you doing?! Stop it!”</em> Miharu’s voice echoed in his head. Rio flinched.</p>

      <p><em>Aishia, what happened?!</em> Rio asked instantly. Aishia’s reply came immediately.</p>

      <p><em>Takahisa suddenly grabbed Miharu and picked her up. He’s climbing the castle wall now. In the direction of the ship harbor.</em></p>

      <p>Right after that—<em>Bang</em>! A sound echoed throughout the grounds.</p>

      <p>“What... was that...” Satsuki reflexively leapt to her feet, looking in the direction of the sound.</p>

      <p>“Wait, Miharu?! And Takahisa?! W-What is this?!” Satsuki reflexively cast her physical enhancement to see Takahisa carrying Miharu on top of the castle wall over a hundred meters away. Rio also stood up and confirmed just that.</p>

      <p>“...Has something happened?” Charlotte stood up and asked Satsuki.</p>

      <p>“Takahisa grabbed Miharu and is standing on top of the castle wall! They just jumped down from it! He said he was going back to Centostella earlier!” Satsuki’s tone was rough due to her confusion.</p>

      <p>“Indeed, the enchanted ship harbor is right outside of the castle wall over there, but...” Charlotte replied, giving her geographic point of view.</p>

      <p>“Is he trying to kidnap Miharu?! What is he thinking?!”</p>

      <p>“You can’t say that for sure... but what is that ball of light? It’s being fired into the sky continuously. Is it some kind of signal magic? It’s getting closer to the harbor,” Charlotte said, analyzing the situation.</p>

      <p><em>It’s dangerous to attack while they’re running. You can simply secure Miharu after they’ve boarded the ship and let down their guard.</em></p>

      <p><em>Wait, they’re at the harbor already?</em> Rio was already exchanging orders with Aishia, but in that short amount of time Takahisa had arrived at the harbor.</p>

      <p>“Miharu’s sending out a signal. I gave her a magic artifact that could do something like that. They’re probably at the harbor already,” Rio explained.</p>

      <p>“Sir Takahisa has probably enhanced his body with his divine arms, so if he’s at the harbor already, I fear the ship will depart at any moment. No doubt the workers at the harbor are unaware of the situation, so we cannot stop them if they depart now,” Charlotte pointed out.</p>

      <p>“W-What do we do?! This is no time to be chatting leisurely!” Satsuki yelled in shock.</p>

      <p>“There’s nothing we can do from here...” said Charlotte. It seemed like there were no options left.</p>

      <p>“...I’ll go.” Rio thought silently for a moment, before volunteering himself to pursue. No sooner had he said that, he retreated from the outer perimeter of the rooftop garden. Then, he drew his sword from the sheath at his waist.</p>

      <p>“Just what do you intend on doing... Wha?!” Charlotte had been staring at Rio suspiciously when Rio suddenly burst into a dash, making her flinch. Her usual age-inappropriate coquettish attitude fell silent as she let out a cute shriek the moment Rio burst past her.</p>

      <p>“A-Are you trying to kill yourself?! Even with the physical enhancement of your enchanted sword, you...!” She soon snapped back to her senses and yelled at Rio, who had already leaped from the rooftop garden and fallen out of hearing range.</p>

      <p>However, after Rio had leaped and soared through the air for a while, he poured a tremendous amount of magic essence into his sword and used wind spirit arts to create a large gust of wind, propelling him forward through the air.</p>

      <p>Satsuki stared with a dazed smile for a few moments before bursting into laughter at the sight of Rio leaping over the castle wall. She cheered him on even though he was out of earshot. “Ahaha... Go for it, Haruto! I’m leaving it to you!”</p>

      <p>“His actions make no sense at all...” Beside Satsuki, Charlotte watched Rio fly through the air using his sword in a daze. However, her gaze gradually grew heated.</p>

      <p>“...How wonderful.” Forgetting her position as the second princess, she was simply captivated by the sight of the Black Knight, whose very existence seemed to turn the tables everywhere.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, one of the enchanted ships in the possession of the Centostella Kingdom had just made an emergency departure by Takahisa’s forceful order and was now gaining altitude over the water. On board, Miharu confronted Takahisa on the deck of the ship.</p>

      <p>When Miharu had been abducted from the castle, Aishia had suspended the transmission of their conversation to communicate with Miharu telepathically. Aishia could indeed materialize and rescue Miharu from here, but that would make the explanations to follow quite difficult. They decided she would observe quietly as long as Miharu’s life and body were not infringed upon. However—</p>

      <p><em>If Miharu’s screams reach your heart, then you come and save her.</em></p>

      <p>The message that Aishia telepathically sent to Rio may have assisted in his decision to act of his own accord.</p>

      <p><em>Miharu, Haruto will reach this ship soon,</em> Aishia encouraged.</p>

      <p><em>Okay!</em> Haruto was coming. Haru-kun was coming. Miharu was incredibly happy to hear that, and used it to encourage herself. However, she had to first condemn Takahisa for his barbaric act.</p>

      <p>“What were you thinking, doing something like this? Did you really find it so unforgivable that I would be beside Haruto?” She asked, trying to find the true intention of his actions.</p>

      <p>“Unforgivable? Of course it is! Didn’t I just tell you I’ve been in love with you from the moment we met? And yet, he’s the one that’s always occupied your heart. There’s no way I can forgive it! For what— For what did I...!” Takahisa had been cornered with nowhere further to go and started to panic. The instability that he had rarely shown in Japan had been exposed by the stress of a single person’s pursuit in this world, awakening into a deep-rooted delusion.</p>

      <p>“I am not your property, Takahisa.” Miharu witnessed her friend from Japan turn into a completely different person before her and felt helpless. Although he had completely transformed out of jealousy and greed, Takahisa was still Aki and Masato’s older brother. Though she had never seen him romantically, that didn’t change the fact he was a close friend of hers.</p>

      <p>“Ngh... Argh! Fuck! Lily’s not on board... Aki’s not on board, either. It wasn’t supposed to go like this...!” When Miharu voiced her clear rejection of him, the pain caused Takahisa to escape into another reality. However, there wasn’t a single reality left that favored him right now.</p>

      <p>The ship’s crew were scrambling in a panic on the deck, discussing whether they should turn back and land on the water again as Lilianna was not on board. It was then that someone landed on the deck. It was Rio. The crew froze in utter shock.</p>

      <p>“Haru-kun!” Miharu yelled.</p>

      <p>“Wha...” Takahisa’s eyes widened in shock, before he glared at him, enraged. For him, Rio was the root of every problem he had. He would never approve of his existence.</p>

      <p>“I came... to save you.” Rio smiled awkwardly as he spoke to Miharu in a gentle tone. He wore the same expression as when he first saved Miharu from the slave traders.</p>

      <p>“...Right.” Miharu nodded in a daze. Then, Rio walked towards Miharu slowly, showing no care or caution towards Takahisa at all.</p>

      <p>“Coming all this way...!”<em> Just to steal her away?! What a nightmare! </em>Takahisa grit his teeth before yelling “Laevateinn!” and summoning his divine arms. It was a sword with a beautiful red blade—a one-handed sword that was roughly one meter long. Takahisa swung the sword and slashed at Rio, but Rio flicked his sword without even a glance, deflecting Takahisa’s incoming blade.</p>

      <p>“Gah?!” Takahisa was blown backwards and stumbled. In that time, Rio stood before Miharu, but Takahisa’s eyes had yet to lose their aggressive light as they fixed on Rio with loathing.</p>

      <p>“...Do you think it’s okay for me to injure him?” Even Rio questioned Miharu with a fed-up look on his face. He was finding Takahisa rather persistent.</p>

      <p>“H-Huh?” Miharu was unsure of what he had asked and just blinked blankly. The next moment, Takahisa once again tried to close in on Rio to attack.</p>

      <p>“Get away from Mi— Guh?!” Rio closed in on him instead, landing a counter on his face with all his might—Takahisa flew across the deck and crashed into the wall. His nose was twisted rather unnaturally, blood flowing out. He seemed to have cut the inside of his mouth too, as a fair amount of blood was streaming from there as well.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>