<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>It was the god-like move any Japanese person would be familiar with. An impossible acrobatic feat that nobody sane would attempt in a real battle.</p>

      <p>“Shirahadori?!” Satsuki yelled from the spectator seats. The group who had come from Earth—as well as Liselotte, who had been reborn into this world just like Rio—were obviously horrified, but even Charlotte and the others, who didn’t know the technique name, reacted similarly.</p>

      <p>“Urgh!” When the movement of the blade stopped and Takahisa stiffened, Rio took the change to twist his wrists and arms to steal the sword from Takahisa. He then threw it on the ground beside them.</p>

      <p>However, the rules said that disarming your opponent wasn’t enough to count as a victory. Despite that, one would normally lose their will to fight in this situation. Rio had been aiming for that outcome.</p>

      <p>“Will you still continue?” Rio asked. If he wanted to pick up his sword, he was welcome to, that was what was implied.</p>

      <p>“Don’t... look down on me!” Takahisa roared and frantically picked up his sword. He paid no attention to how his posture had collapsed when doing so, instead swinging at Rio again. He stubbornly refused to give up.</p>

      <p><em>So he still won’t fold. Then...</em> Rio grabbed his sword and leaped high, retreating for the moment.</p>

      <p>“Are you running away?!” Takahisa ran at full speed in pursuit. He proceeded to brace his weapon overhead and swing it down, but that was exactly what Rio expected.</p>

      <p>Rio stood still, sharpening his senses to see through Takahisa’s incoming sword. Then, once he had predicted its path, he held his own sword low. With precise timing, he kicked off the ground with great force, swinging his sword at an extreme speed. The result was the fierce clashing sound of metal echoing throughout the. In that moment, Rio and Takahisa both finished swinging their swords and had their backs facing each other. Then, one beat later, the sound of something stabbing into the ground reached Rio and Takahisa’s ears. It was the sword that had been in Takahisa’s hand.</p>

      <p>“Uh. Ah...” Takahisa opened his mouth, looking between the blade stuck in the ground and the handle in his hand. Takahisa’s sword had been smashed to pieces—smashing with it the heart of the one holding it.</p>

      <p>“If you still want to continue, we can go barehanded next,” Rio stated flatly.</p>

      <p>“Ah... D-Damn it!” Takahisa readied his broken sword awkwardly, but he soon threw it against the ground. Rio suddenly started slowly walking towards him.</p>

      <p>“I won’t accept my defeat,” Takahisa said to Rio, his whole body trembling in frustration. Rio unfalteringly continued to close the distance between them.</p>

      <p>“I won’t give up!” Despite those words, Takahisa seemed to have accepted defeat, as he didn’t try to attack with just his bare hands. Rio pointed his sword at Takahisa indifferently.</p>

      <p>“...Match, set! The victor is Sir Amakawa!” The referee announced victory loudly.</p>

      <p>“I won’t accept it, I won’t accept it... I won’t. You cannot be with Miharu. She’s being fooled. I have to... I have to do something...” Takahisa hung his head as he muttered bitterly, as though he was reciting some kind of curse.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>After the match, Takahisa left the arena alone, heading for the castle guest rooms as though he was running away from Miharu and Satsuki. However, just as he was about to open the door to the guest rooms, Aki and Lilianna caught up.</p>

      <p>“Wait, brother!”</p>

      <p>“Please wait a moment, Sir Takahisa.”</p>

      <p>The three female knights were with them.</p>

      <p>“You...!” Takahisa finally came to a stop, turning around.</p>

      <p>“Where do you think you’re going?” Lilianna asked with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“...I was going back to my room.” Takahisa replied in shame.</p>

      <p>“What were you going to do after returning?” Lilianna asked, as if she was soothing a pouting child.</p>

      <p>“...Think of a plan to keep Miharu away from him,” Takahisa mumbled in response.</p>

      <p>“So you still haven’t given up after all.” Lilianna sighed again, heavily this time.</p>

      <p>“He’s... dangerous,” Takahisa muttered bitterly.</p>

      <p>“Why do you say he’s dangerous?” Lilianna asked calmly.</p>

      <p>“Because he’s a murderer!” Takahisa yelled.</p>

      <p>Lilianna checked that there were no knights around them before exhaling in relief. “Please don’t utter such words in such a loud voice. He is an honorary knight of the Galarc Kingdom. Your silent departure after the duel was already uncommendable—the other party is an important honorary knight of another kingdom. Even if you are a hero, leaving without a word shows disrespect, which could cause an international incident.”</p>

      <p>“But it’s the truth!”</p>

      <p>“Whether it’s the truth or not is... Let’s go inside first. We can talk after you calm down. You three, stand guard outside the room. Refuse entry to all non-important visitors.”</p>

      <p>Thus, the three female knights stood guard outside the room as Takahisa entered with Lilianna and Aki. Inside, Lilianna’s attendant was waiting. “Frill, tea for everyone.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.” Frill moved to the kitchen under Lilianna’s orders.</p>

      <p>“Now, please sit down.” Lilianna prompted Takahisa and Aki into the seats opposite her.</p>

      <p>“...” Takahisa threaded his fingers and looked down in thought.</p>

      <p>“I’d like to ask one thing first—Sir Takahisa, is your desire to be together with Lady Miharu? Or would you be content as long as Lady Miharu is no longer by Sir Amakawa’s side?” Lilianna began, her question getting straight to the core of the matter.</p>

      <p>“...If she had to go with him, then I believe she’d be better off being together with me.”</p>

      <p>“Wasn’t the match just now to decide who Lady Miharu would be going with?”</p>

      <p>“No! It was so he’d refuse being with Miharu if I won! I wasn’t trying to force Miharu into where she’d go!” As long as Rio refused to be with Miharu, Miharu would have followed Aki, who was coming with him. That was his ulterior motive—but he didn’t say that out loud.</p>

      <p>“If you wish to be with Lady Miharu, would it not be best to just ask her sincerely?” Lilianna replied, giving a sound argument.</p>

      <p>“T-That won’t work out, which is why we had a match!”</p>

      <p>“And you lost that match.”</p>

      <p>“Ugh...” Takahisa grimaced at the shot she’d taken at him.</p>

      <p>“I believe it would be best to ask her honestly. If it doesn’t work, then you’ll have to give up.”</p>

      <p>“I told you already! If I could do that...!” He wouldn’t have suffered so much. Miharu was already firm in her decision to be with Haruto, after all.</p>

      <p>“Lady Miharu’s feelings are already so certain, neither you nor Lady Aki can convince her anymore. Is that correct?”</p>

      <p>“Ugh...” Takahisa’s expression fell grimly. Lilianna took that as affirmation.</p>

      <p>“In that case, how about we temporarily return to our kingdom to cool your head? We could even depart today, if you so wished. I believe it would be best for you to distance yourself from Lady Miharu for the time being.”</p>

      <p>“I can’t do that!” Takahisa declined immediately.</p>

      <p>“However, there’s no way to solve this through a discussion. A match... No, the duel you had couldn’t solve this either. Doesn’t that leave you with no other solution? You wouldn’t forcefully bring Lady Miharu to Centostella unwillingly, would you?” There was no way such a selfish action would be approved of. That’s what Lilianna had wanted to imply by saying that, but—</p>

      <p>“...I see. I could always just bring Miharu to Centostella first. It’s a fact that he’s a murderer. Whatever reason he gives to justify it doesn’t make it forgivable. And if I tell her my feelings and talk to her properly, she’ll surely understand...” he started muttering to himself. It seemed like Takahisa took her words as a realistic option.</p>

      <p>“That option is impossible. If it’s discovered that you forcefully took her, it would truly become an international incident,” Lilianna stated in a harsh tone.</p>

      <p>“But there’s no other option!”</p>

      <p>“Yes, there is. There must be. The Takahisa I know would never resort to such cowardly actions. I have been looking after you over these last few months, after all. And, as royalty, I’ve come into contact with many people before. Which is why I know that you may be inexperienced in some areas, but you are definitely not a bad person. If you followed through with this action right now, you’ll be fraught with guilt for the rest of your life.” Lilianna’s usual gentle demeanor was nowhere to be seen as she warned Takahisa with the look of a royal leader guiding others away from the wrong path.</p>

      <p>“Lily...” <em>What do you know about me after just a few months?</em> He couldn’t say that because he understood how devoted Lilianna had been to supporting him in that time.</p>

      <p>“From what I can see, Sir Amakawa is an outstanding individual. That is why Lady Miharu, Lady Satsuki, and even Sir Masato have so much trust in him, no? And the fact that Sir Amakawa brought Lady Aki and the others to the castle for your and Lady Satsuki’ sakes is the biggest proof of this, is it not?”</p>

      <p>When Lilianna praised Rio, Takahisa’s face turned bitter again. Aki’s too. “...You don’t know, Lily. You don’t know him.”</p>

      <p>“You can’t believe in him? In the man your precious Lady Miharu trusts so much?” Lilianna asked Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“If I did, I wouldn’t be suffering so much right now!” Takahisa yelled as though he was seeking some kind of salvation.</p>

      <p>“...I think it would be best for you to temporarily distance yourself from Lady Miharu after all. Won’t you return to the kingdom with me? Our kingdom may be closed off, but as long as you desire it, Lady Miharu would be welcomed to our kingdom as a guest at any time, even if she isn’t affiliated with us,” Lilianna suggested as a compromise.</p>

      <p>“That’s not— That’s not good enough! If I can’t bring Miharu with me, then I won’t be going back to Centostella at all! In fact, I’ll quit being a hero and take Aki and Miharu with me to live by ourselves!”</p>

      <p>“Wha...” Takahisa’s self-centered statement left even Lilianna wide-eyed in shock. Aki, who had been listening silently, also blinked in surprise.</p>

      <p>“Did you not say that you would become the hero for our kingdom? You promised me that you would return to Centostella even if you were to reunite with Lady Miharu and the others during our visit to Galarc, no? Didn’t you promise that you would work together with me to make our kingdom better? Are you telling me that the promise was all a lie?!” Lilianna’s face twisted with sadness. The defection of a hero was the biggest loss that could happen to a kingdom, but even before that, she had believed she had built a relationship of trust with Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“It wasn’t a lie! I don’t want to make it into a lie, so don’t make me a liar! I don’t want to do such a thing! That’s why— That’s why I want your cooperation!” Takahisa used his trump card—his position as a hero—to petition the first princess of the kingdom. It was practically coercion at this point.</p>

      <p>“...Why are you so insistent that Lady Miharu cannot be with Sir Amakawa?” Lilianna asked after hesitating for a moment.</p>

      <p>“Because there’s no way that Miharu, someone born and raised in Japan, could find happiness being with a man who kills people without batting an eye. And anyway, once Miharu— once I tell her my feelings, she’ll surely understand.” Takahisa gave a terribly biased answer. To Lilianna’s ears, it was a statement of pure ignorance.</p>

      <p>She was a little curious as to what he meant by saying that Haruto was someone who could kill without question, as many knights had killed one or two people when driven by the need before. If he had cursed those knights by calling them murderers to their faces, it would have been taken as an affront.</p>

      <p>“Do you believe there is any realistic possibility in your statement? Even if I were to cooperate with you, there’d be no way of hiding the fact Lady Miharu was taken away by force. And it would be impossible for you to live freely with Lady Miharu and Aki by quitting your post as a hero without my cooperation.”</p>

      <p>“I can do it. No matter how it plays out, I’ll make sure I succeed. I have to,” Takahisa answered with bloodshot eyes. He was dangerously unstable, held captive by his own intense egotism and belief that his thoughts were absolute. There was no way of telling whether he could be persuaded in this situation, and at the same time, he was at risk of losing himself, which would obviously be an issue. If he used the power of his divine arms to run wild, he could cause terrible damage.</p>

      <p>“Reality is far more harsh than you realize. If you were to choose that option, your feelings of regret would be inevitable and you will also understand how amazing it was for Sir Amakawa to have kept Lady Miharu and the others in his care until now.”</p>

      <p>“...I won’t know until I try.”</p>

      <p>Where was that confidence of his coming from? “There are some things you can know without trying.” Lilianna sighed for the umpteenth time, shooting him down resolutely.</p>

      <p>“You know, though, Lily. About the heroic power hidden within me. That my power can protect the people closest to me.”</p>

      <p>“You just lost to Sir Amakawa moments ago. The special ability hidden in your divine arms is indeed powerful, but if someone as experienced as him faces you, then even a hero would lose. Please understand that. There are evil deeds in this world that cannot be dealt with simply through power, too. And a plan like this would fall apart the moment Lady Miharu or Satsuki caught word of it.” Lilianna raised her voice so that she could be heard clearly in the kitchen beyond.</p>

      <p>“Even so, my answer is that I will protect them. We won’t reach an agreement like this, Lily.” Takahisa said, watching Lilianna with determination.</p>

      <p>“...Lady Aki, do you have nothing to add to persuade Sir Takahisa?” Lilianna sought salvation from his little sister Aki, who had been observing the situation carefully. Aki ducked her head, hesitating for a moment.</p>

      <p>“I’ll... I’ll be there, Takahisa... Is that not enough?” she asked, lifting her face slowly.</p>

      <p>“...” Takahisa frowned painfully, but he had no choice but to shake his head. No, no it wasn’t enough... His fists shook.</p>

      <p>“I see...” For a moment, Aki lowered her eyes as though she’d cry. But, after a while, she mustered a smile with everything she had.</p>

      <p>“Then let’s kidnap Miharu together. Masato would object, so we’d have to leave him behind...”</p>

      <p>“Wha...” Lilianna was speechless. Who were these siblings? How could they be so selfish for their own sakes? Perhaps that was simply human nature...</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>