<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="prologue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Prologue: Determination</h1>

      <p><em>I thought vengeance was true justice. I swore to live the path of vengeance. Vengeance was my reason for being. Because I thought vengeance was my only salvation...</em></p>

      <p><em>I couldn’t die until I had my revenge. That was how I was able to endure those harsh days. No matter how ugly and filthy I came out the other end...</em></p>

      <p><em>I was able to cling to life.</em></p>

      <p><em>If I could have my revenge, I thought I didn’t care about what would happen to me.</em></p>

      <p><em>But after I regained my memories from my life in Japan...</em></p>

      <p><em>I started to believe that vengeance might be evil.</em></p>

      <p><em>But the flames of hatred still burned viciously in my chest. My past and present selves, and their opposing personalities and values, contradicted each other and clashed.</em></p>

      <p><em>Eventually, the fusion of those personalities created a new way of thinking.</em></p>

      <p><em>Seeking an answer to the contradiction, seeking happiness in an unattainable past, seeking meaning in an unsalvageable death...</em></p>

      <p><em>I started to scream soundlessly.</em></p>

      <p><em>Unable to see ahead of me, scared and unsure of what is right, unable to reveal my ugly self to anyone...</em></p>

      <p><em>Then, even someone like me began to feel happiness. The happiness I had lost in the past—my salvation—had taken on the same form and was surprisingly close by.</em></p>

      <p><em>Warm to the touch, reassuring to be with, and comforting to be near... It wasn’t the exact same thing, but it was a beacon to me all the same.</em></p>

      <p><em>That was why, each time I touched that happiness, each time I saw that happiness, the hatred burning in my chest flickered just a bit. I wanted to touch that warm happiness forever.</em></p>

      <p><em>But I couldn’t forget my painful past. I couldn’t avert my eyes from the unpleasant reality. Because if I forgot, if I averted my eyes...</em></p>

      <p><em>I felt like I would forget the happiness I had lost as well.</em></p>

      <p><em>Because it felt like I would be sealing away my precious happiness along with the problem.</em></p>

      <p><em>Because it felt like I would be lying to myself.</em></p>

      <p><em>I was scared of forgetting.</em></p>

      <p><em>Because I was a coward, I couldn’t avert my eyes.</em></p>

      <p><em>That’s why I swore, on that day in my parents’ homeland...</em></p>

      <p><em>I could carry that contradiction with me.</em></p>

      <p><em>I could keep screaming soundlessly.</em></p>

      <p><em>In order to bring salvation to the past, I’d sacrifice the present and future. Until the day I had my revenge, I would dedicate my life to living this way.</em></p>

      <p><em>Even now, that hasn’t changed. Even now, though the happiness that shines grows stronger each day, I have no intention of changing that way of living.</em></p>

      <p><em>Even if the flames of hatred burning in my chest flickered strongly, I couldn’t change that.</em></p>

      <p><em>Even if there was no happiness waiting for me after my vengeance...</em></p>

      <p><em>It didn’t matter if I couldn’t be happy, as long as the one precious to me was happy instead. That would be my punishment for the crime I was trying to commit—and it would also be my justification.</em></p>

      <p><em>Thinking of it that way made things a little easier.</em></p>

      <p><em>However, that was a contradiction in itself.</em></p>

      <p><em>That was why my soundless scream grew louder.</em></p>

      <p><em>Both my happiness, and the happiness of the one precious to me, grew further out of reach.</em></p>

      <p><em>And yet, even then...</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>