<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Story</h1>

      <h2>The Demihumans Want Names</h2>

      <p>“We want names!” the lamia, the dryad, and the merman shouted.</p>

      <p>The three of them made up most of the four demihuman leaders, leaving out Sargess. They were characters who didn’t really get to be referred to by name. It was a little bit sad.</p>

      <p>Even out of their fellow demihumans, only the spiderman, Sargess, had a name. The other three didn’t. They were always referred to as just lamia, dryad, and merman, and they were very unhappy about that.</p>

      <p>“Isn’t this treatment unreal? We’re pretty important characters in volume 5, right?! We even appear in volume 4, and we’re the central leadership of the demihumans! What do you mean we don’t get names?!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah! This is cruel!”</p>

      <p>The four demihuman leaders were very important characters in the demihuman arc. The main fight was with Leon, but the fight between the demihumans and the humans shouldn’t be ignored. At the very least, they were undoubtedly the bosses of this arc from the point of view of the hero’s party.</p>

      <p>But even then, these three characters were always referred to by their races. This could be excused if they were the only ones of their races to appear, but merfolk actually appeared quite a lot and got hit by Castor on top of that. At this point, there was no way to tell them apart.</p>

      <p>“This is totally weird! Why is Sarge the only one with a name?!”</p>

      <p>“Well, Sarge is the one who stands out the most among us... But I agree that we should have names.”</p>

      <p>The lamia heaved a sigh, dispelling her dissatisfaction.</p>

      <p><em>Leaving aside anyone who only appears once, this kind of treatment of us can’t stand when we’re the main enemies of the demihuman arc. Not to mention the fact that I faced off against Virgo twice. You could argue that I have more of a role than Sargess, but even then I only get called lamia. That’s seriously unreal.</em></p>

      <p>“First off, ‘lamia’ is just too awful, isn’t it? That’s like naming a gorilla ‘gorilla.’”</p>

      <p><em>No matter what, I can’t allow my race to be my name. I need to fix this treatment.</em> As the lamia thought that, she noticed someone patting her on the shoulder.</p>

      <p>“What? Do you need something...from me...”</p>

      <p>She turned and was face-to-face with a gorilla.</p>

      <p>Even though she could be called a regularly recurring character in the hero’s party, she was constantly referred to simply as a gorilla or as the female knight. And she was right here.</p>

      <p>The female knight said nothing, only stared.</p>

      <p>The lamia, shocked, was silent for a moment before saying, “Um... Sorry...”</p>

      <p>There was a short pause before another of the demihumans said, “We, uh...went too far, didn’t we...?”</p>

      <p>The demihumans could no longer say anything in front of the gorilla, who knew their pain. They realized that, compared to her, they were much better off.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>