<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>The two of them laughed together before suddenly going quiet. They had laughed, but this was a battlefield, and they were in the middle of killing each other, so the silence didn’t last long.</p>

      <p>Even exhausted, Benetnasch was nimble and fast, and she resolutely attacked Lufas with the most skill she’d ever brought to the table. She was going so fast she was harming her own body. Blood leaked out of the corners of her mouth as she attacked Lufas repeatedly.</p>

      <p>Lufas perfectly blocked, parried, and countered every single one of Benetnasch’s blows. Then, Lufas followed up. Benetnasch barely managed to brace herself as she was kicked, but her ribs still snapped, the bones stabbing into her innards, further destroying the thin girl’s body. Even then, the Vampire Princess didn’t give up and remained standing.</p>

      <p>“Not yet! I won’t lose yet...!”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch jumped and concentrated all her remaining magic into both hands. In a premonition of destruction, all of Mizgarz shook. Animals all around the world were thrown into chaos, and the Sword Saint who accompanied Sei suddenly refused to move out of fright. This was probably due to something like wild instincts, which he and the other animals innately felt. They understood that this power lay in the hands of a woman who wouldn’t hesitate to fire it straight at Mizgarz.</p>

      <p>This was the moment that power, which could destroy the entire planet, was formed.</p>

      <p>“You and Mizgarz can both... DISAPPEEEAAAAARRRR!!”</p>

      <p>Light erupted from Benetnasch’s hands and pierced through the sky. Right afterwards, a single arrow appeared overhead, but its size was ridiculous, being several kilometers in length. At that point, it was more like a spear rather than an arrow... No, not even a spear would be this extravagantly big. At any rate, what appeared was too powerful and too large to be called a mere arrow.</p>

      <p>“Maiden Who Shoots a Silver Arrow!”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch swung her arm down. When she did so, the strongest Moon element magic spell came crashing down towards the earth with all the power it could muster.</p>

      <p>Any damage the spell would do to Mizgarz was only secondary to Benetnasch. It didn’t matter to her if the world were destroyed. She’d be fine with it as long as Lufas was beaten, even for a second. Benetnasch wouldn’t mind dying afterwards.</p>

      <p>Lufas laughed fearlessly as she planted herself firmly in front of an attack that would literally destroy the world. Then the silver arrow struck the place Lufas was standing with a deafening sound.</p>

      <h1>7</h1>

      <p>The silver arrow with the potential to destroy Mizgarz itself raced towards the ground. While watching it happen, Benetnasch prepared her next move so it could be executed at a moment’s notice. It was true that she didn’t care whether or not the arrow destroyed Mizgarz, but at the same time, Benetnasch was also sure that it wouldn’t happen. After all, Lufas had Lifthrasir, which could cut through magic.</p>

      <p>If it were in the hands of someone normal, they wouldn’t be able to cut through the arrow; it was too big. However, Lufas was anything but normal—she was Lufas. That was why Benetnasch was sure her spell would be cut to ribbons. Even so, she figured that cutting through such a large spell would at least give her an opening. If Lufas knew this, she would still have no choice but to stop Benetnasch’s spell. After all, the spell would destroy Mizgarz if she didn’t. That moment would be Benetnasch’s chance. Sure, Lufas would probably only need but a moment to cut through the silver arrow, but that moment would become a chance extending several minutes for the Vampire Princess, who had surpassed the limits of speed.</p>

      <p><em>I can win. I can win as long as I aim for the moment where even Lufas will be off-guard and attack with all my might!</em></p>

      <p>However, Benetnasch’s expectations were wrecked in the next moment. Unbelievably, the final trump card that she’d poured all her magic into was stopped right before it touched the ground. Lufas stopped it with one hand, completely ruining any momentum it had.</p>

      <p>“Wha—?! With one hand...?!”</p>

      <p>“You can have this back.”</p>

      <p>Lufas threw the arrow back, and Benetnasch dodged. The arrow, which had missed its target, exited the stratosphere and flew into space. It pierced through a distant planet, which was a little bigger than Mizgarz, completely pulverizing its core and causing it to explode.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch was taken by surprise, and the roles of attacker and defender shifted, but in a way, she had been the one who’d originally shifted the roles in the first place. There was a single instant when Benetnasch froze. It was an unavoidable, unguarded moment created from her subconscious. She was defenseless. She wasn’t frozen for even a tenth of a second in real time, but it was more than long enough for Lufas to easily be able to finish her opponent.</p>

      <p>However, Lufas didn’t attack. She went out of her way to ignore the opportunity. Was Lufas taking it easy on her? Or was Lufas just showing off how much leeway she had? Had she just let her guard down? No... It was none of those.</p>

      <p>In order to show her respect, Lufas was committed to beating Benetnasch utterly and completely, which meant not making use of unguarded moments to surprise the enemy. Lufas was going to fight her head-on and beat her down with pure power. That was why she had let that moment go. When it came to Benetnasch, Lufas wanted no part in any boring victory gained by taking advantage of surprise.</p>

      <p>Lufas’s expression twisted belligerently, her scarlet eyes shining like fire. “Benet, We shall show you ‘transmutation using mana.’ Be happy... This next skill is still in its testing stages. We haven’t shown it to anyone else yet.”</p>

      <p>Alchemy usually occurred using physical materials as a medium, and it was considered impossible to use magic itself as a material. To be more specific, alchemy using magic as a material was technically feasible, but it would quickly dissolve back into mana, so there was no point in it. This was considered common sense by all alchemists, and it was known to all who walked the path of alchemy.</p>

      <p>But Lufas now knew that wasn’t true. Alchemy using mana as a material <em>was</em> possible, and examples of its success were littered all around the world.</p>

      <p>“Transmute: Winter of Wolves!” Lufas shouted.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>