<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>1</h1>

      <p>The thing about trouble was that when there was none, there was <em>actually</em> none and you were drowning in boredom for ages. When trouble finally happened, it happened over and over in rapid succession, almost like it had a will of its own.</p>

      <p>We’d only visited Draupnir to give Virgo a place to test her strength, but we’d also reunited with the hero’s party, fought with Mercurius—one of the devilfolk’s Seven Luminaries—and reunited with Sagittarius. It’d been a true free-for-all of trouble. With that over, a bunch of demihumans, species that were just shy of being considered human, had shown themselves and revealed that they were backed by the strongest of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, Leon the Lion...</p>

      <p><em>Why does it all happen at once like this? It’d be so nice if all this stuff would form a line and come one at a time...</em></p>

      <p>At any rate, I couldn’t leave this alone. If I did, a huge war would start between humans and demihumans. In order to prevent that, as well as retrieve Leon and Sagittarius, we split up into two groups.</p>

      <p>First up, there was the hero’s party along with Castor and Virgo. They were going to the centaurs’ village. Leon and Sagittarius were currently cooperating, but unlike the muscle-brained Leon, Sagittarius should have been the prudent and discreet type. Thus, it was hard to believe that he would follow Leon for no reason, so Castor and the others were heading out to find out why this was the case.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, the rest of us would be heading to the far northern point of humanity’s territory, which was also its most dangerous area. There were three reasons why it was so dangerous. The first was because of the terrain. There was nothing there, so the location was simply dreadful. Humanity had almost had all of its land taken by the devilfolk, and they had been forced to live on just a small fraction of the continent. The northern part of humanity’s sphere was closest to the devilfolk’s territories.</p>

      <p>However, the devilfolk still had not invaded this territory. Rather, they couldn’t. That was because of the second reason. The north was closest to the devilfolk’s territories, but it was also home to the kingdom of the strongest of the seven races of humanity—the vampires. Yes, it was where Mjolnir, led by the Vampire Princess Benetnasch, was. Even the devilfolk had to be cautious of Benetnasch. Apparently she’d leave anybody who just passed through her territory alone, but any army that foolishly invaded would be trampled by Benetnasch and her army instead. In other words, the reason why humanity’s sphere of influence had remained the same for so long was because the devilfolk’s worst enemy was in the worst possible spot.</p>

      <p>“Benetnasch is there,” Dina said.</p>

      <p>Just that fact caused a two-hundred-year-long stalemate. Well, at least that was what Dina had taught me.</p>

      <p>“Oh? So she really is doing something for humanity after all,” I said, praising Benetnasch’s efforts.</p>

      <p>Dina smiled wryly. “I’d bet that it’s unintentional, though. In fact, I bet from her perspective it’s like her two neighbors started a war between themselves even though she hadn’t moved a muscle,” she said, shooting me down.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch herself had never given any thought to what would benefit humanity. She just happened to be in a good spot, so the rest of humanity used her as a shield, and the devilfolk stopped on their own out of fear. That still meant that her just being there was a deterrent; and that was still something.</p>

      <p>“The devilfolk did actually try to invade her once to expand their territories, though the result was a disaster.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? We’d like to hear about that.”</p>

      <p>Dina paused. “So many were lost to Benetnasch alone in a single night. There were the seven devilfolk leaders who could be said to have been the predecessors of the Seven Luminaries, who were around level 600. Also, there were thirty-six elites of level 500 or so, as well as two hundred devilfolk who equaled the current Seven Luminaries at level 300. Lastly, there were a thousand small fry. And if you count her subordinate vampires’ efforts, you can probably double the casualty list.”</p>

      <p>For a moment, I remained in shocked silence. <em>Oh my god. How dangerous is Benetnasch?!</em> I almost shouted that out loud but somehow managed to stop myself. Being able to stop knee-jerk reactions like that was one of the good points about Lufas’s body. While I still wasn’t able to do anything about her manner of speech, I was thankful for the ability to control strange outbursts like that.</p>

      <p>“We see. That certainly sounds like a deterrent. But the Devil King did nothing about it?”</p>

      <p>“It seems as if they’ve had some skirmishes, but for some reason, neither of them have fought all-out yet. I don’t think either of them has felt like it.”</p>

      <p>After hearing what Dina had to say, I once again had to hold back the desire to clutch at my head over how troublesome Benetnasch would be to deal with. I could kinda get why the two of them decided to hold back. They probably sensed that neither side would get off easy if they didn’t. Neither of their goals lay in defeating the other, so there was no reason to commit themselves to a fight that could end in death.</p>

      <p>From the Devil King’s perspective, Benetnasch was a pain for sure, but her fundamental stance was one of disinterest. In other words, Benetnasch and Mjolnir were almost completely harmless as long as they were ignored. There was no reason to go out of their way to fight them. To Benetnasch, the Devil King was probably an eyesore, but that was it. While she was probably more than willing to destroy them if they came at her, she likewise didn’t really care if they didn’t. Her thought process was probably something like, “If you small fry want to pass by me and squish each other, do as you please.” As a result, both parties had decided that this wasn’t a fight worth starting, and thus, they had parted ways after some light jabs. At least, that was what I imagined had happened.</p>

      <p>The worst part about this was that Benetnasch most likely wouldn’t do the same for me. Once she locked on to me, she probably wouldn’t stop until one of us was dead. There was no one more reassuring as a friend but also no one scarier as an enemy.</p>

      <p>“And the third reason?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, that would be the existence of monsters... Rather, the demihuman union, Tyrving. It’s led by Leon, the strongest of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, and consists mainly of centaurs, merfolk, bug people, plant people, snake people, and giants. In pure numbers, it surpasses Mjolnir.”</p>

      <p>“Ones who haven’t been counted as human, huh...?”</p>

      <p>To be honest, I wasn’t too enthusiastic about fighting them. After all, I considered them victims. They were excluded from humanity just because of the size or shape of their bodies. That alone caused them to be aligned with monsters and deemed occasional targets for extermination.</p>

      <p>Of course, I couldn’t just blame all the people who’d decided on the definitions of humanity. They probably had their own reasons. For example, they might have calculated the amount of casualties that would occur if the demihumans and humans tried to coexist and decided to cut them off. That was a totally separate issue to whether the ones deemed as monsters would understand, though, and because they didn’t, we now had this current situation.</p>

      <p>Also, as an aside, orcs didn’t count. Sure, it was a little sad, but they’d brought that upon themselves.</p>

      <p>“Now then, our goal this time lies with Leon and the monsters—no, let’s call them demihumans. We need to stop them, but the troublesome thing is that Mjolnir is so close by. There’ll be no problem if Benet doesn’t notice us, but...”</p>

      <p>All would be fine if Benetnasch didn’t notice us, but Aigokeros quickly destroyed that faint hope of mine.</p>

      <p>“There’s no doubt she’ll notice. Vampires are the closest to us demons. The aura of mana that you give off would be impossible for them to miss, Miss Lufas.”</p>

      <p>Apparently I put out an aura of mana that only someone like them could notice. <em>I’m a heaven-winged, though. At least I kind of am... I should be the farthest race from mana. I wonder why this happened?</em></p>

      <p>I was sunk into my own thoughts when something banged onto the roof. Libra immediately reacted, opening the window and climbing up top. <em>Is something going on?</em> I decided to quickly stop Tanaka and go outside.</p>

      <p>That was when I saw a beautiful, silver-haired girl sitting on Tanaka’s roof...</p>

      <p>“Benetnasch!” Aries shouted, shocked. He wreathed his hand in fire and glared at the girl sitting on the roof.</p>

      <p>The rest of the Twelve Heavenly Stars all readied themselves for battle along with Aries, but the girl didn’t move at all. Smiling calmly, her gaze was wholly concentrated on me.</p>

      <p><em>I see... So she’s Benetnasch.</em></p>

      <p>I didn’t remember her face, but it was definitely in our memories. She hadn’t changed at all in two hundred years. Not her snow-white skin nor her blood-red eyes. Her flowing silver hair reflected the moonlight, and her face was almost too well-proportioned. Physically, she looked to be around fourteen. That was younger than I had expected. She had on something reminiscent of a white, long-sleeved blouse and a black skirt. On top of that, she wore a black coat over her shoulders, not making use of the sleeves.</p>

      <p>On the surface, she seemed like an adorable girl. But I understood. She was the Vampire Princess. She was Benetnasch.</p>

      <p>“It’s been a while, Lufas Maphaahl.” She thought silently for a moment. “Two hundred years and four months, I’d say? I already knew you were alive and well, but seeing you in person like this really brings it home. I’m happy to see you.”</p>

      <p>I paused before responding. “We see you haven’t changed a bit. You still look exactly as We remember you.”</p>

      <p>“Of course I would. Time has been stopped for me ever since that day. Even if I wanted to change, I couldn’t.”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch laughed amicably, seemingly happy at our reunion. That was probably how she really felt. She was truly happy to be reunited with me, but her eyes weren’t laughing and they never wavered. They were locked on to me like a beast watching its prey.</p>

      <p>Seeing an opening, Libra threw out a knife-hand strike. But without missing a beat, Benetnasch grabbed Libra’s arm, gripping it with a strength no one would expect from that small frame.</p>

      <p>Libra was shocked.</p>

      <p>“I’d stop that, doll. I’m rarely this happy. If you don’t do anything, I’ll let you go. But if you’re going to interrupt my reunion with Maphaahl here, I can’t say what I’ll do to you.” With that, Benetnasch eased her grip on Libra’s arm as she threw her back towards us.</p>

      <p>Libra managed to land with a light step, but she was definitely damaged. When I looked closer, I saw her wrist was cracked. That alone told me more than I wanted to know about how strong the Vampire Princess was.</p>

      <p>“That goes for all of you, Twelve Stars. I understand that you’re all fairly skilled, but you’re still just Maphaahl’s pets in the end. You’re no match for me. If you don’t want to die, just sit and tremble in some corner.”</p>

      <p>“Oh ho...! You sure can talk, can’t you, pipsqueak!”</p>

      <p>Scorpius jumped forward, cutting off Benetnasch as she jeered at them. Aigokeros also came at her after going around to the opposite side, and the both of them launched a full-on attack at the same time. But Benetnasch disappeared for an instant, and the two of them were sent flying.</p>

      <p><em>Magic? No, it wasn’t. She’s just insanely fast.</em></p>

      <p>With speed beggaring the imagination, she dodged both their attacks and replied in kind. Put into words, it was incredibly simple, but... <em>This is bad. Her speed is no joke.</em></p>

      <p>I watched quietly for a moment. <em>This is the first time I’ve lost sight of someone’s movements ever since I found myself in this body.</em></p>

      <p>Even from a third-person perspective, I could only barely tell that they’d been counterattacked. The two of them probably didn’t even realize what had happened.</p>

      <p>Outraged, Scorpius was silent for a moment before saying, “Such a disgrace! And in front of Lady Lufas...! I won’t forgive you... You’re dead...!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t think we’ll allow you to return alive after that.”</p>

      <p>Enraged, both Scorpius and Aigokeros were about to show their true forms. Before they could transform, I signaled with my hand to stop them. Their loss hadn’t been decided yet, but they probably wouldn’t get off scot-free if they actually tried to fight Benetnasch. Even if they won, either one or both of them would most likely die. I couldn’t let them continue.</p>

      <p>“Get back, you two. Stop responding to her taunts.”</p>

      <p>After shutting Scorpius and Aigokeros up, I once again turned to face Benetnasch. Even now, her gaze was glued onto me. She wasn’t even paying attention to Scorpius and Aigokeros. They literally didn’t even register to her.</p>

      <p>“A wise decision. If you allowed them to fight, your cute pets would have just died. You’re the only one who can fight me.”</p>

      <p>“You sure can talk. So Leon is nothing to you?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, him? Let’s see... I’ll admit that he’d be a hard opponent. It’d be difficult to defeat him. But since the outcome is already decided, it couldn’t be called a fight. It’d be difficult, but that’s it. That thing wouldn’t be able to defeat me.”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch wasn’t bluffing; she was simply speaking as if that were obvious to everyone. She’d admitted it would be difficult and that she’d have a hard time of it. But there was not a shred of doubt in her mind that she would come out on top. Both her speech and mannerisms said that she was fully confident in her victory. As for whether that was arrogance or rock-solid confidence backed by true ability...</p>

      <p>“This is just my opinion, but a fight is only called a “fight” because the outcome is unclear. I’m only fighting if the enemy is strong enough to make defeat a real possibility, and there’s no one better for that than you. You should be proud, Maphaahl. You’re the only one whom I can challenge,” Benetnasch said before throwing a piece of paper at me.</p>

      <p>I caught it, and it turned out to be...<em> An invitation?</em> There was a detailed map on it, too, as well as what seemed like Benetnasch’s signature. On the front it said something to the effect of allowing anyone with this invitation inside the castle with no questions asked.</p>

      <p>“What’s this?”</p>

      <p>“Exactly what you think it is. I want to invite you to my castle. Ah, don’t worry. There are no traps, and I won’t bring any underlings either. Petty tricks like that wouldn’t work on you in the first place. I only have one wish... I want to settle things with you this time. I want to face you one-on-one in a place where no one can interrupt.”</p>

      <p><em>So she wants to face me, huh? That means she came here just to tell me this. That’s unexpectedly forthright of her. She’s really polite in the weirdest ways.</em></p>

      <p>“Don’t you dare run, Maphaahl. I’ve been waiting for two hundred years with this fight as my only desire. If you were to refuse me now, my temper might flare, and I don’t know what I might do as I sulk.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, no need to fret. Even without any threats, We wouldn’t refuse an invitation from an old friend. We happily accept.”</p>

      <p>“Good.” Benetnasch put on an absolutely lovely smile before she whispered to me sweetly, “I’m the only one who is allowed to kill you, just like you’re the only one allowed to kill me. I will not compromise on that point. This time, let’s keep going until one of us perishes.”</p>

      <p>Her smile was just like a teen’s who was just about to go on a date she’d been earnestly waiting for. But the words out of her mouth were clearly about a deathmatch, and the air around her was full of the intent to kill.</p>

      <p>The silver-haired girl in possession of such an unbalanced air gave me a final glance before she leapt away into the moonlight.</p>

      <p>I watched her leave, silent.</p>

      <p><em>Oh crap... What do I do? That girl’s super cloying.</em></p>

      <h1>2</h1>

      <p>In the past, she believed that she was the strongest. Vampires had always been a race possessed of incredible power and magic, but she was far and away the best of them. The density of the mana she was born with was just different. Her status from birth was also proportionately different, as were her base stats and upper limits. She—Benetnasch—was born completely separated from her peers in those respects.</p>

      <p>Those around her praised her endlessly as the princess and a prodigy, but that praise only filled her with disgust. She never once thought the vampires surrounding her as the same species. They only looked like lower beings with insufficient levels to her. There was no way she could think of them as the same as her. Was that the result of a sense of overinflated self-worth? Was it just a child’s desire to think of themselves as special? It would have been nice if that were the case—truly, it would have been—but Benetnasch was different from the rest in every sense of the word.</p>

      <p>The more she grew, the more the gap widened, and the more she thought of her hangers-on as nothing more than trash. To her, it was like they were completely different beings that just happened to look like her. She had held that precursor to a belief ever since she was just a toddler. Was she a genius? A prodigy? A wunderkind? Benetnasch tried out all the words for it she could think of, and none of them really clicked for her.</p>

      <p>For example, if a human and a wolf were to compete in math, would the human be a genius for being able to out-calculate the wolf? No. It would only be natural for that to happen. Of course the human would beat the wolf. All this was about the same thing to Benetnasch. Just like this example, it was only a matter of course for Benetnasch to be superior to other vampires, and this gap was only there because they were simply of a lower class than she was. At least, that was what Benetnasch thought of the difference between her and others.</p>

      <p>She rampaged around the continent in order to find someone whom she could fight with as equals. The more she fought and the more she killed, the stronger she grew. Eventually, there was no one left who could even stand up to her.</p>

      <p>Can you imagine how boring her life was? How flavorless must victory have been, since all she ever did was win fights that were basically predetermined? How utterly unsatisfying it must have been? Sure, she experienced the visceral feedback of a fight. Sure, she’d thought some opponents were strong, but never once had she thought that she might lose, and she’d never once met an opponent she thought of as an equal.</p>

      <p>She eventually went from having twenty percent of a continent able to match her to being utterly unmatched on said continent, and she was finally forced to set her sights on the world at large. Across the sea were the Devil King, the Lion King, and the Dragon King, three beings who walked the same path of supremacy as Benetnasch. She had also heard of the Fairy Princess, who was the equal of the Devil King even though she herself didn’t rule and was powerful enough that the other three couldn’t carelessly mess with her. Yet Benetnasch didn’t seriously expect anything out of them. She figured she’d end up winning anyway. Nevertheless, they were opponents she had to face. There was a need to determine who was strongest and who would get to decide the fate of the world.</p>

      <p>Before Lufas Maphaahl came to power, four equal powers faced off against each other, and the world was barely able to maintain balance. The devilfolk headed by the Devil King, the monsters led by the Lion King, the dragons led by the Dragon King, and the vampires led by the Vampire Princess all viewed each other as enemies in an inevitable battle yet to come. The Demon King Aigokeros ruled in Hel, but he showed no signs of wanting to come to the surface, and the Fairy Princess gave no indication of wanting to expand her area of influence either. The threat those two posed paled in comparison to the others.</p>

      <p>For many years it was thought that only those four were fighting for supremacy. That was why it was so utterly surprising when Benetnasch heard the news that the Dragon King had been eliminated by a heaven-winged girl. One of the strongest four who had been maintaining the balance of the world at large had been killed by a completely unknown, unremarkable heaven-winged girl.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch had heard rumors of the Dragon King. He was the picture of arrogance, insisting that everyone other than him was a lower life-form. He was a tyrant who would kill others for recreation. Apparently he even threatened the races of humanity, demanding sacrifices. It was inevitable that he was despised by humanity, and his death could have been considered the result of karma or divine retribution.</p>

      <p>The problem was that a single person had managed this feat. It wasn’t someone leading an army, and they hadn’t set a trap. Neither had the Dragon King been deceived in any way. He’d been faced head-on and had been destroyed by a single person’s power. That fact was more than enough to impress Benetnasch. At that point, she still wasn’t that interested in whoever it was. To her, the Dragon King had been killed because, in the end, he was weak. Basically, it only confirmed for her that rumors weren’t to be relied on and that he actually hadn’t been that big a deal. That was the conclusion that Benetnasch had reached, and her interest in the heaven-winged girl quickly faded.</p>

      <p>It would only take a couple years for her to realize her mistake, which she would eventually pay for physically. The heaven-winged girl—Lufas Maphaahl—invaded her lands. It was the first time in her life she had to fight while bracing for a loss, as well as the first time in her life she felt so exhilarated. That was the moment Benetnasch met her only equal—no, her better—in several hundred years.</p>

      <p>Their races were vampire and heaven-winged—the two races of humanity that most closely represented darkness and light, as well as probably the two most genetically different races. But Benetnasch understood that Lufas was most likely the same as her. She felt far closer to Lufas than any of the riffraff out there, including the vampires. They were both unique people who didn’t fit inside the box with the existing peers of their race, improbable beings born by chance. For the first time, Benetnasch wasn’t sure of her victory. Never before had she even imagined she would have to commit to a fight she would probably lose.</p>

      <p>This wasn’t a fight she knew she could win, so she just had to fight and do things as expected. It was a fight where the outcome was unclear, one that she would have to put her all into. How sensational it was! The result was a draw in name but a loss in reality, and Benetnasch became Lufas’s comrade with the condition that it was only until Lufas succeeded in uniting the world.</p>

      <p>It was shameful to Benetnasch that she hadn’t been finished off, and even worse was the fact that Lufas had been considerate and decided to call it a draw. However, Benetnasch had to admit that she’d been saved by it. By meeting Lufas, she’d experienced what it was like to know someone better than herself. She was able to recognize that battles could be incredibly fun, and she understood that she could still climb higher.</p>

      <p>She just had to look forward to the next fight, and she had to win. Even if Benetnasch lost, she swore she wouldn’t allow Lufas to take pity on her. It was her fault that time for being so weak that Lufas had the leeway to take pity on her. Benetnasch’s pride wouldn’t allow her to ignore that and place all the blame on Lufas, so she decided to obey her for the moment. She decided to help Lufas on her path to dominance.</p>

      <p>The moment Lufas conquered the world would mark the time for their rematch. For that purpose, Benetnasch would spare no effort. The two of them would settle things the moment Lufas stood at the top of the world. That was Benetnasch’s heartfelt wish, probably the first one she ever had.</p>

      <p>It was often misunderstood, but Benetnasch didn’t particularly hate Lufas. Sure, she was somewhat unsatisfied having had her reputation as the strongest damaged and for having been brought down from her position, but that had only occurred because she was too weak. She neither regretted what happened nor hated Lufas for it. In fact, she was thankful to Lufas and respected her. If Benetnasch were asked to name the person she respected the most in the world, she’d name Lufas without a moment’s hesitation. She didn’t hate Lufas. In fact, she liked Lufas. Her feelings for Lufas were earnest, strong, and blazing hot, much like an innocent girl towards her first love. In fact, her feelings were very similar to love. It was only that all her feelings translated into the urge to kill. She just expressed her love through lethal attacks filled with murderous intent.</p>

      <p>That was why Benetnasch swore that she would be the one to kill Lufas Maphaahl. She wouldn’t let anyone else kill her, and she wouldn’t allow herself to be killed by anyone else. That was why she was so unsatisfied with the previous ending. She would never forgive those who had ruined her battle with Lufas.</p>

      <p>Everything started when Benetnasch asked for her rematch with Lufas. It was a pact arranged between the two of them. On the eve of Lufas’s hegemony over the world, she and Benetnasch would fight. Lufas made good on her word, and the two of them clashed with enough strength to destroy the world. The Great Conqueror gained her extraordinary strength through the golden apples formed with her power and from stat-boosting items made through alchemy. Meanwhile, Benetnasch realized her potential after gaining a fated rival in the form of Lufas, and she herself had reached level 1000 as well after taking in an immeasurable amount of mana.</p>

      <p>The two of them were well outside the norms of a vampire and a heaven-winged, and they used skills on each other that defied common sense without reserve. That time they fought was exactly what Benetnasch had been waiting for, and she believed that it would continue until one of them was dead.</p>

      <p>Eventually, their fight reached its climax, and Benetnasch was cornered. She was covered in wounds. Her natural regeneration as a vampire was unable to keep up, and she would most likely fall if she were to take another full-strength attack. On the other hand, Lufas was still calm and composed. Benetnasch had no choice but to admit that Lufas had the overwhelming advantage. Of course, Benetnasch hadn’t given up. After all, if she only had one attack left, then it would be fine as long as she won with that single attack.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, Maphaahl... It all ends with this last attack.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, you’re right. Come, Benet.”</p>

      <p>As always, Lufas looked calm and composed as she motioned for her opponent to come at her. To Benetnasch, she was both hateful and absolutely precious.</p>

      <p><em>If I’m going to lose, at least let me get in one last hit. I’ll put everything I have into it and carve my existence into her so I’ll never be forgotten.</em></p>

      <p><em>No... I’ll win! I’ll use my last attack to pierce through her heart!</em> Benetnasch ran forward, filled with the intent to win. Lufas made to intercept.</p>

      <p>The betrayal was too sudden. The moment they were about to clash, some sort of interfering magic was cast on Lufas, which was layered with another interference skill to make her stop in her tracks. Noticing this, Benetnasch also stopped and tried to divert her attack, but the momentum wasn’t easy to stop. While her claws missed Lufas’s vitals, she still gouged out Lufas’s flank, causing it to blossom red.</p>

      <p>“You bastards... What’s the meaning of this?!”</p>

      <p>Of course, Benetnasch was enraged. From her perspective, someone just interrupted the climax of the fight she’d been waiting so long for. It’d be impossible to expect any other reaction. She fixed the culprits of the interruption—the Seven Heroes—with a hate-filled glare. She quickly noticed that they were acting strangely. They were overflowing with divine power, something that would normally be impossible. Right now, they had enough power to be able to match Benetnasch herself.</p>

      <p><em>What the hell? Sure, the Seven Heroes are strong, but they shouldn’t be </em>this<em> strong.</em></p>

      <p>Benetnasch’s expression was one of fury, but the Seven Heroes didn’t respond at all. In fact, they were completely silent as they restrained Benetnasch with magic.</p>

      <p>Normally, she wouldn’t have been caught with such a spell. Even if she were, she’d be able to break out immediately, but Benetnasch was wounded. She was no longer able to move a muscle. She was forced to the ground, miserable and unable to do anything but watch what was about to happen.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Benet. Looks like something’s come up. We apologize, but we’ll have to call this fight a draw and wait to settle things until next time.”</p>

      <p>“W-Wait! Maphaahl!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry. We will come back. Keep polishing your fangs until then,” she said, before leaving Benetnasch and never coming back.</p>

      <p>After that, it was exactly as the history books said. Thanks to the wounds caused by Benetnasch, Lufas was cornered and lost to the Seven Heroes. Benetnasch was once again forced to accept a draw in name only, and because her rival and enemy was gone, she’d lost her reason to live. Thus, she completely lost interest in the world at large, becoming totally indifferent to all things as she shut herself in her own coffin.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch learned from her followers’ reports that Alioth and the rest of them were going to try to fight the Devil King, as well as the fact that they had asked for her assistance, but she ignored all of it. Benetnasch knew that their betrayal was not something done of their own free will, but she still couldn’t bring herself to forgive them. Instead, she completely stopped bothering with world events. No matter how many heroes died or how much danger humanity was in, she wasn’t roused at all.</p>

      <p>The turning point for Benetnasch happened fifty years after Lufas’s defeat. The devilfolk brought a huge number of grunts with them and attacked her country, so she decided to get some light exercise in and completely crush them. The only one among them even worth fighting was the Devil King, and he dropped a huge bomb on her.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, just what I’d expect from a vampire. I understand why you were the only one said to be able to fight Lufas Maphaahl one-on-one.”</p>

      <p>“On that note, you aren’t all the rumors make you out to be. Sure, you’re strong enough to make it worthwhile, but that’s it.”</p>

      <p>They were not evenly matched. Though the Devil King acted composed, he was covered in wounds, and his clothes were destroyed as well. On the other hand, Benetnasch was pretty much untouched. She’d been in total control of the battle, but she’d vaguely understood that the Devil King had yet to show his true strength. She was confused as to why he never showed any sign of getting serious even after being pushed to this point.</p>

      <p>“Such a shame. If you had joined in back then, this world may have been different.”</p>

      <p>“Whatever. I don’t care what happens to that lot.”</p>

      <p>“How harsh. Is that because they interrupted your showdown with her?”</p>

      <p>“Choose your next words carefully, or I might just rip apart that talkative mouth of yours where you stand.”</p>

      <p>“Right on the mark, huh?”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch broke the sound barrier as she swept at him with her claws. Blood blossomed, and the Devil King retreated, having lost his entire right arm. His expression remained fearless, and it looked like his lost arm didn’t bother him in the least.</p>

      <p>“Now, now. Let’s just calm down. Alcor... Ah, right. Alcor is our name for Lufas. She told you that she’d return, didn’t she? You just rushed to conclusions.”</p>

      <p>“You talk as if you know something.”</p>

      <p>“Because I do.” The Devil King held his arm up to his arm’s stump as he spoke. When he did, the arm stuck and went back to normal, as if it had never been cut off.</p>

      <p>While flexing his fingers to confirm his range of movement, he continued speaking words that were like the devil’s whisper to Benetnasch. “Lufas Maphaahl will surely return in... Let’s see, according to ‘her,’ around 150 years, I believe. That shouldn’t be that long for a vampire like you. Just wait patiently. Your wish will surely be granted.”</p>

      <p>Even now, Benetnasch had no idea how the Devil King had known that. Neither did she have any idea about the mysterious ‘her’ he’d alluded to. But Lufas would in fact return.</p>

      <p><em>Then... Then that’s fine. This reality is everything. I don’t care about anything or anyone else. If this is real, then that’s fine. I don’t need anything else.</em></p>

      <p>Benetnasch had continued to wait patiently in her own room, to which her followers were forbidden entry, to sense her fated enemy and rival.</p>

      <h1>3</h1>

      <p>The capital of the vampire country, Mjolnir, had been made under the premise that it would forever be night there. The country’s airspace was constantly covered in dark clouds thanks to Benetnasch’s magic, blocking out all sunlight from the area. The concepts of morning, noon, and even evening didn’t exist in this place. All times of day were the middle of the night, but only for the area around the capital.</p>

      <p>Probably thanks to that, the capital was very well-fixed with light sources. Man-made light illuminated the entire city. It might have been too dim for other races, but it was perfect for vampires. The architecture itself was pretty much exactly that of Europe in the Middle Ages or something like it. Though in the end, it was still somehow different from a normal townscape. Every building was fancy enough to be mistaken for a castle. Not one of them looked like a normal or shabby house. Vampires were nobles of the night, so all the residents of this capital were nobility and thus very well-off, or so Dina had told me.</p>

      <p>Of course, it wasn’t as if there was no one around for menial labor. They were everywhere in the city, holding down jobs. For example, the ones opening up shops weren’t vampires but a type of undead called ghouls. Apparently, they were a rather pitiable monster that formed when dead humans were mutated with mana and revived. They couldn’t reproduce, but they would spawn infinitely as long as there were dead bodies and mana. While they wouldn’t prosper, they wouldn’t go extinct either.</p>

      <p>Well, they were basically zombies. The only ghouls in this city were fairly pretty and clean, so the fact that they didn’t reflexively cause any physical disgust was a faint silver lining, I guess. If you ignored the fact that they were deathly pale, they basically looked like normal humans, and they could hold a conversation too.</p>

      <p>They had nowhere else to go, but they were allowed to settle down in Mjolnir. Apparently they were barely scraping by, since they were basically slaves. While I did think they were pitiful, they probably had it pretty good just because they had a place to live. There was no way they’d be accepted by other countries, so if they were rejected here, the only fate awaiting them would be extermination as one of the undead. The ones that were more heavily damaged weren’t even allowed into Mjolnir. Life sure was tough.</p>

      <p>At any rate, the point was to never erect graves in places where mana was thick. That was why most graves in this world were built near churches and protected by mana repellent barriers put up by acolytes. If they weren’t, it’d cause a huge outbreak of ghouls. But even with these countermeasures, ghouls still spawned. One of the reasons was probably because those who were afraid to die liked to build their graves in places with high amounts of mana to try to revive as ghouls.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t like I didn’t understand their feelings, but... Was this something really worth becoming a ghoul for?</p>

      <p>Still, even though they were ghouls, they weren’t that scary. Since their personality in life was reflected in death, there were good and bad ghouls, just like how there were good and bad people. Good people stayed good as ghouls, and the same went for evil people. Of course, in that case, the latter would be turned to ash, because then they’d just be a harmful monster.</p>

      <p>“One clătită.”</p>

      <p>“Sure thing!”</p>

      <p>When I gave my order to the pale, old ghoul pulling along his cart, he used a clean glove to pull out something that looked like a crepe. After I paid, I bit into the snack, and the taste of strawberry jam filled my mouth. Just because he was a ghoul didn’t mean he’d hand me something rotten.</p>

      <p>At any rate, the vampires were the wealthy class in the capital, and the ghouls were the working class.</p>

      <p>Also, the pathways were a little unique. I figured it out because I’d flown in, but this capital had a pretty funny shape. The capital itself was a perfect circle, surrounded by a wall. As for the insides of it, the city’s large thoroughfares drew a heptagram. It made me want to take my time and sightsee a little, but unfortunately that wasn’t the purpose of my visit.</p>

      <p>The reason I was here was, of course, due to Benetnasch’s invitation. To be honest, I’d wanted to do something about Leon’s demihuman union Tyrving first, but I couldn’t predict what Benetnasch might have done if I’d left her alone. In the worst case, I might’ve gotten pincered by Benetnasch and Leon, so I’d decided to leave Leon to Dina and the other Twelve Stars and came here on my own.</p>

      <p>Now that I thought about it, this was the first time since I’d been summoned to this world that I was completely alone.</p>

      <p>“Well, maybe We could sightsee a little. Let’s just take a quick lap around.”</p>

      <p><em>It’s not every day I’m in the vampire’s country. Let’s check it out, </em>I thought, but a voice called out from behind me.</p>

      <p>“Hey.”</p>

      <p>I turned around, and there was this country’s princess with her arms crossed, looking unhappy.</p>

      <p><em>I noted this already, but you’ve got some light footwork there. Damn.</em></p>

      <p>I had to wonder if it was okay for one of the Seven Heroes, not to mention the one called the Vampire Princess, to be wandering around town like this.</p>

      <p>“Mm... It’s you, Benet.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t ‘it’s you, Benet’ me. I sensed you coming, but no matter how long I waited, you didn’t show up at the castle. To think that you had the guts to ignore me and go sightseeing.”</p>

      <p>“Now, now. Don’t be in such a rush. We still plan to face off with you later.”</p>

      <p>This was just a minor point, but every time I tried to refer to Benetnasch it ended up coming out as Benet, her nickname. This was most likely because it was what Lufas herself had used. Also, Benetnasch didn’t seem weirded out by it at all, strangely enough. I thought I had her solidified in my mind as someone dangerous, but for some reason, that was overtaken by feelings of fondness.</p>

      <p>It was different from romantic love, of course, but... It was hard to explain. For example, if you were talking to an equal and a friend, you wouldn’t be able to avoid feeling close to them, right? Surprisingly, Benetnasch may have been the person that Lufas acknowledged the most.</p>

      <p>“By the way, do you have any recommended tourist spots here? Also, We’re looking for souvenirs, and We haven’t been able to find any.”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch watched me quietly for a moment, then said, “You... Has your personality become more lighthearted somehow?”</p>

      <p>“We hear that a lot.”</p>

      <p>She was the last of the Seven Heroes, and I finally got to meet her like this. From her words, I could tell she probably wasn’t the same as me, but that was something I’d expected from the start. Still, it wouldn’t really be fun to start killing each other as soon as we’d reunited. I wanted to talk for a while and learn how she was as a person. <em>Is this strange?</em></p>

      <p>“Anyway, wasting time in a place like—mg?!”</p>

      <p>I bought an extra clătită and shoved it into Benetnasch’s mouth to stop her complaining.</p>

      <p>“Don’t be so stiff. We’ve finally reunited. Wouldn’t it be boring to just start killing each other right away? Come on, show us what there is to see in your capital.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>