<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_9">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Aldebaran,” he said, declaring his skill as he pounded his left fist into the Lion King’s snout.</p>

      <p>For a moment, it was as if time itself had stopped. The entire area was frightfully still and dead silent, but that was just the quiet before the storm. The next instant, everybody could tell that something was happening.</p>

      <p><em>*crack*</em></p>

      <p>The sound of something cracking apart rang out as a fissure appeared in space. The sound didn’t just happen once; it happened multiple times in rapid success, growing ominously louder. The fissure widened into something that resembled a spider’s web. Then it burst, sounding as if something hard had just been hit with an even harder hammer, crushing it.</p>

      <p>That single hit sent Leon’s huge body flying, expelling him from the forest. The trees in his path were ripped out of the ground entirely, roots and all, before snapping, which showed just how powerful that one attack was.</p>

      <p>“W-Wait! If you hit him that hard, he’ll die! Leon only has 1 HP right now!”</p>

      <p>Taurus paused, then said, “It’s no problem. Aldebaran does not break physical objects, but power itself. He won’t be killed by my blow. Did you forget that over these two hundred years?”</p>

      <p>“Ah. Oh, right.”</p>

      <p><em>No, don’t “oh, right” that!</em> Out of reflex, Sei internally retorted to Aries’s satisfaction at Taurus’s explanation. <em>So this is what people mean by “the fear of not having a straight man.” “He won’t be killed by my blow,” my ass! Look how far back he flew. Anybody would be killed!</em></p>

      <p>But no one else thought this was weird. They were completely on board with that explanation.</p>

      <p><em>Am I the weird one?! Am I the one getting caught up on something dumb?!</em> Sei wondered, hounded by the urge to cry. Only the stupid dog tried to comfort him as it rubbed up against his legs. <em>Oh, wait. No. It’s just playing. It’s clinging to my pants.</em></p>

      <p>“A-And what about Leon?”</p>

      <p>Taurus was silent, then spoke. “I have just removed the Goddess’s power that bound him. I do not know whether he’s a big enough fool to accept her temptation again, but he should be all right for now.” Taurus paused. “By the way, is Lufas present?”</p>

      <p>“Ah. Uh... No, she’s doing something else.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>Taurus lowered his fist and turned his back as if to signify that he no longer had any business there. He didn’t hesitate as he walked away, clearly showing that he really did intend to just leave.</p>

      <p>That was when Scorpius, in a fit of hysteria, shouted, “Hey, stop right there! Are you really going to come out of nowhere, not explain anything, and then just leave?! Do you really think we’re just going to let that happen?!”</p>

      <p>Taurus considered her words silently before answering. “You were fighting near the seal, making a huge ruckus. Not to mention, one of you was waving around the Goddess’s power. So I came to stop you. Now that it is over, I am leaving... Is there a problem with this?”</p>

      <p>“There’s a huge problem! You haven’t seen us, your comrades, in two hundred years! Are you seriously not even going to say hello?!”</p>

      <p>“I see. You have a point... Yes, you may be right.”</p>

      <p>Taurus unexpectedly admitted his wrongdoing, easily agreeing with Scorpius. Scorpius seemed somewhat satisfied at that, nodding and saying, “Right?”</p>

      <p>“It has been a while. Nice to see you.”</p>

      <p>Taurus’s greeting to everyone was extremely brief, and just like that, he turned around once again and started walking away.</p>

      <p>That had Scorpius falling over herself. “HEEEEYYYY!” she shouted, angered, as she picked herself up.</p>

      <p>Taurus was merely silent. “Is there more?”</p>

      <p>“That’s all?! Seriously?!”</p>

      <p>There was a pause before he spoke. “You pointed out that I had not greeted you, even after all this time, so I responded to your request. Was I wrong?”</p>

      <p>“You were, you unsociable fruit! You know what I’ve always wanted to ask you? Why the hell are you allowed to refer to Lady Lufas so casually?! What’s up with that?! Are you really even loyal to her?!”</p>

      <p>Taurus was completely silent in the face of Scorpius’s questions, but she could somehow tell the look in his eyes had become slightly sharper behind that mask.</p>

      <p>“She is a comrade and a friend to me as well as a benefactor and the lord I accepted and swore to give my everything to. Are you satisfied with that response?” he said in his usual monotone.</p>

      <p>He did manage to convey his seriousness about the answer, however, and even Scorpius was mentally overpowered for a moment. In truth, no one actually doubted Taurus’s loyalty. Scorpius may have said as much, but she knew the truth. She knew that man’s loyalty was ironclad, the real thing, and she couldn’t help but be jealous.</p>

      <p>Taurus’s relationship with Lufas was second in length only to Aries among the Twelve Stars. He was the second monster Lufas had ever captured. The difference between him and Aigokeros or Parthenos was that Lufas had yet to become the absolute pillar of strength that she was now when Taurus had been captured. Aigokeros and the others had met Lufas and bent their knee in the face of her power. Taurus had been her servant from the beginning. When he had met Lufas, she hadn’t quite been the monster she was now, so the relationship between him and Lufas was less that of a master and servant and more like comrades in arms who walked the same path. That was why his belief in Lufas was so strong, and why he alone among the Twelve Heavenly Stars was treated like a friend instead of a subordinate.</p>

      <p>That fact also made Scorpius jealous enough to want to kill. It had always been that way. Lufas had sent the Twelve Stars forward to defeat her enemies countless times, but the one she always had standing behind her was Taurus.</p>

      <p>“O-Oh, that reminds me. You couldn’t destroy the Goddess’s power two hundred years ago, could you? How did you learn to do that?”</p>

      <p>Aries noticed Scorpius’s irritation growing at an increasing rate, so he hurriedly stepped in to sidetrack the conversation. Taurus looked down at the sheep, who was trying to smooth over the situation admirably, and decided to play along with what he was doing. Taurus didn’t especially care about Scorpius’s mood, but he respected Aries enough to change the subject.</p>

      <p>“You ask me how...but it is not something I can explain. None of you can explain how your skills work either, can you? I just wished to be able to do it... Two hundred years ago, I was unable to destroy her power, and it led to that result. I then desired to destroy something even as absolute as the Goddess’s power so that would not happen again, and I started putting effort into polishing myself. That is all.”</p>

      <p>“Um... Do skills really evolve like that?”</p>

      <p>“No idea. I do not know about anything difficult like that. The one hiding over there should be more knowledgeable about it than me, no?”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>When Taurus finished speaking, he clenched his fist, once again making a creaking sound. Then, he unleashed his destructive skill Aldebaran for a second time. His fist traveled fruitlessly through empty air, but it still sounded as if it had destroyed something.</p>

      <p>What had been destroyed was space itself. Empty space crumbled, dropping Dina out of thin air, making her fall to the ground.</p>

      <p>“Wagyaaahhh?!”</p>

      <p>“So you really were there. I thought it odd that I felt two sources of the Goddess’s power... It seems quite the strange one has joined you all.”</p>

      <p>He stood in front of Dina, whose eyes had gone wide thanks to being suddenly pulled out of thin air, and looked down at her, displaying his steel will before the self-proclaimed advisor.</p>

      <p>Dina finally caught on to the situation, and she stiffened, looking up at Taurus. She tried to hurriedly manipulate his state of mind, but it had no effect. It was as if she were face-to-face with a golem; he didn’t waver, not even a little. Even though the stupid dog had come over and started messing around at his feet, he didn’t move.</p>

      <p>“It is no use. Your tricks will not work on me... There is only one person in this world who can move my heart. So speak truthfully—who are you?”</p>

      <p>Dina stared, silent. <em>Huh? Am I...really in trouble? Like, incredible, unprecedented trouble?</em> Dina thought as she broke out in cold sweat. Her face twitched, but a single expression was frozen in place as she looked up at Taurus dazedly.</p>

      <h1>20</h1>

      <p>After the fight with Benetnasch, I finally arrived at Tyrving, still feeling down. For some reason, though, no one was there. Actually, there were demihumans present but not the Twelve Stars, whom I was looking for.</p>

      <p>There were signs of destruction everywhere, as well as signs of fighting, but the combatants themselves were nowhere to be found. I was sure they had all been here at one time, but at some point, they’d probably moved the battle somewhere else. With the forces arrayed against Leon, I’d thought there was no way he could win—or at least I’d like to think so—but I couldn’t be sure. I wanted to regroup with the Twelve Heavenly Stars as fast as possible.</p>

      <p>I was wandering around the destruction, hoping to find some sort of clue as to where they’d gone, when I found some words written on a crumbled wall.</p>

      <p>“We are all fighting in the demihuman village.”</p>

      <p>It was a short, concise message. A map had been drawn beneath it, easily conveying where I was and where I needed to go. It had probably been left by Dina. <em>I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised.</em></p>

      <p>They weren’t that far away. I’d probably be able to get there in a flash.</p>

      <p>I spread my wings and finalized my direction before crouching down for a moment. Then I jumped, using that momentum to take flight. When I jumped, I left a huge crater... <em>Sorry, nearby residents. </em>In this body I ended up breaking things when I got even a little serious. <em>Forgive me.</em></p>

      <p>The scenery flew past me at high speeds, and I was unable to hear. It wasn’t that there was anything wrong with my ears but sound could no longer keep up with me. After flying for a little while, I saw what seemed like a forest below me and descended sharply before landing.</p>

      <p>As for how much time that’d taken... <em>Well, it couldn’t have been more than five seconds.</em></p>

      <p>The difference between the time I experienced and normal time was pretty big, so sometimes even I had difficulty telling how many minutes had passed in a given time frame. Now that I thought about it, I was pretty sure it’d only taken a couple minutes to get from Laevateinn to Maphaahl Tower. But had it really been a couple minutes? It might have been only a couple seconds in real time.</p>

      <p>I looked around where I landed, and for some reason, I saw Dina on the ground and a masked man standing over her.</p>

      <p><em>He’s...</em></p>

      <p><em>Ah, right... He’s Tauros. ...Wait, maybe it was Taurus? Which was it?</em></p>

      <p>Unlike before, I could now remember people from my past just by looking at their face for a little while (though I couldn’t exactly see his face because of the mask). I wasn’t sure whether I should have been happy about that or not, though. I’d been told by Parthenos that the Ox was maintaining the seal in Helheim, so why was he here? And cornering Dina on top of that?</p>

      <p>At any rate, the situation seemed dangerous. <em>I should probably stop Tauros.</em></p>

      <p>Everyone in the area noticed my arrival and was looking my way. This included Tauros, who’d fixed me with a silent stare.</p>

      <p>“Lufas, I see.”</p>

      <p>He used no title or show of respect when using my name. <em>I see. It seems as if he doesn’t worship me nearly as much as the others. Still, this nostalgia’s weirdly strong.</em></p>

      <p>If I were to separate the Twelve Stars into groups, I’d put Scorpius and Aigokeros into the fanatics group; Aries, Virgo, Parthenos and Libra into the normal group; Dina and Karkinos in the weirdo group; and I suppose Leon and the one in front of me would be in the rebellious group. There was no doubt that, as a whole, they were a bunch of weirdos, though. Lufas sure did gather a bunch of different types.</p>

      <p>“Tauros, We see. It’s been a while.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah...” he said. “It has. It truly has. And my name is Taurus.”</p>

      <p><em>Ah, Taurus was the correct one. Man this guy’s name is hard. But I think I remember Parthenos calling him Tauros too. It sounds like I’m not the only one who misremembers his name. Still, this is hard... The convo just stops.</em></p>

      <p>Taurus’s reply ended the conversation. It was dead silent after that.</p>

      <p><em>Uh, yeah. This is a new pattern. I’m surprised it hasn’t come up before.</em></p>

      <p>Whether it was good or bad, Aries and Aigokeros had both had a reaction to meeting me. Libra had been no exception to that either, and at the very least, we’d had no problems conversing. Yet Taurus hadn’t reacted at all. He’d just noted that it’d been a while and stopped speaking. <em>At any rate, he doesn’t seem to see me as an enemy at least. I suppose I should hurry up and save Dina.</em></p>

      <p>“Yes, first thing’s first. Don’t bully her too much. She may be new, but she’s quite useful.”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p><em>Huh? What happened to her being my advisor from two hundred years ago? Well, whatever, I guess. Let’s just have that be over. Everyone knows it’s a lie anyway.</em></p>

      <p>I couldn’t read Taurus’s expression through his mask, and a creepy silence took over.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm... He’s hard to deal with but in a different way from Scorpius. </em>How should I put it? It was like he was constantly trying to put out an aura of pressure.<em> Pressure is one of my skills, though, not his.</em></p>

      <p>Taurus was quiet, then said, “If you say so, I do not mind letting this go. If you yourself are saying it, that is.”</p>

      <p>I eyed him silently. “What does that mean?”</p>

      <p>“That is anyone’s guess. In truth, it is not something I can judge myself. I do feel it’s strange, but you are the one who predicted a situation like this in the first place, which means your current state might be your own will as well... And if that is the case, then I have no objections.”</p>

      <p>I was stunned. <em>He... Did he see through me immediately? Does he know that I’m someone else who was shoved inside of Lufas? That’s why he said that he has no intention of asking if what I said is the will of the real Lufas, right?</em></p>

      <p>But I’d faintly noticed that Lufas herself had once predicted that I’d be in here too. Not to mention that fight with Benetnasch. <em>That means he’s trying to get the measure of me. He’s trying to figure out if this is Lufas’s will coming through my own or something else.</em></p>

      <p>Taurus paused. “Well, no matter... It seems you have your own situation to deal with. If that is the case, deal with your own matters first. I will always be in Helheim...waiting for your arrival.”</p>

      <p>Apparently he was going to obey me and leave Dina alone in this instance.</p>

      <p>As soon as Taurus stepped away Dina crawled over to me and quickly took refuge behind me. <em>Huh. It’s rare for her to be so obviously bad at dealing with someone. Oh, I should check Taurus’s stats first.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Twelve Heavenly Stars: Taurus</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 800</p>

      <p>【Race】: Minotaur</p>

      <p>【Attribute】: Earth</p>

      <p>【HP】: 230000</p>

      <p>【SP】: 2000</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 50000</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 3695</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 500</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 100</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 100</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 500</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 10</p>

      <p>【Equipment】:</p>

      <p>・Head: Mask of the King of Minos (no effect)</p>

      <p>・Right arm: Heretic Slayer’s Ax (doubles STR, Defense counts as 0 when receiving damage from enemies)</p>

      <p>・Left arm: —</p>

      <p>・Body: Helheim Coat (HP regeneration in areas with mana)</p>

      <p>・Legs: Bovine Boots (Enemy accuracy against wearer 100%, accuracy when attacking is doubled)</p>

      <p>・Other: —<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Is he an idiot?</em> I almost voiced reflexively, barely managing to swallow the words out of desperation.</p>

      <p>When I saw his stats, I realized that he was specialized for attack and HP. This meant he was the type to tank using his HP pool and just punch things out. As far as the system of this world was concerned, you could withstand any attack as long as you had a high enough HP pool, which meant Taurus could tank at least two attacks from literally anybody.</p>

      <p>Well, it’d be really hard to produce max damage in the first place unless the opponent was at least somewhat overpowered, so although his defenses were minimal, he could tank unexpectedly well. That in itself was fine. The problem was that his stats had somehow gotten even dumber compared to what I remembered. In the game, he’d had no equipment, and his attack power had been 25000. But now, his stats had gone in a weird direction due to some strange equipment in the mix.</p>

      <p><em>This is why you don’t give monsters equips. It ruins game balance.</em></p>

      <p><em>Well, anyway. Almost no one’ll be able to take Taurus’s HP down all the way with stats that insanely specialized. Instead, he’ll probably be the one knocking them out. But, I guess this is the trade-off for specialized types? I can clearly tell what he’s good and bad against.</em></p>

      <p>For example, Taurus wouldn’t be able to touch Benetnasch, even with her level limited to 1000. She’d run circles around him and beat him up at her leisure. It was unfortunate, but Benetnasch would tear slowpokes like him to pieces with thousands of hits, and she’d be absolutely untouched.</p>

      <p><em>Actually, I think he’d rank pretty low amongst the Twelve Stars if they were to have a one-on-one tournament.</em> He’d get downed before even managing to make his first move. I doubt he’d be able to take down Aries, let alone Libra, especially since his high HP pool was a terrible matchup against Aries’s skills.</p>

      <p>That was only true as long as Taurus was alone, though. By cooperating with even just one more person, he would quickly become too much to handle. For example, if he were to attack while Aries or Aigokeros had the opponent pinned down, Taurus’s stats would produce a huge swing in his favor, not to mention if Karkinos were to use his skill to allow Taurus to ignore the damage limit. Even as a wild monster, Taurus had been an attack specialist, but I leaned into it even more after capturing and training him because I’d thought that was fun. Obviously he boasted enormous damage potential; in terms of single-hit damage, he even outstripped Leon.</p>

      <p>Unfortunately, his stats meant using him necessitated cooperation. In the game, I’d filled that role by stopping the enemy so he could hit them. His true worth wasn’t in attack power but a unique skill that was so powerful it screamed foul play... <em>But that can be explained another time.</em></p>

      <p>Taurus walked away. After seeing him off, I turned my attention to Aries and the others. The first thing I noticed was that Aries was looking...not safe for work. His clothes were all ripped, and he was basically half naked. There was some cloth left, and he was a guy, so there might not have been much reason to care. But some people, starting with the boy Sei, didn’t seem to know where to look, so they just looked away.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, right. I never told them that Aries is a man. Anyway, I can’t just leave him like this. Even if they know he’s a man, there might be someone who’ll still try something.</em></p>

      <p>I snapped my fingers and repaired Aries’s clothes using alchemy. <em>Let’s make him something with tougher materials that’s harder to rip this time... Ah, right. This guy’s wool is the best material for cloth.</em></p>

      <p>“So, Dina. When are you planning to stop clinging to our back?”</p>

      <p>“B-But...! He was really scary, you know?! What the hell?! Why did he break open space with just a punch?!” Dina cried out with tear-filled eyes, having a rare breakdown.</p>

      <p>Apparently, the situation just now had been quite dangerous. I’d thought her aloof and impossible to read, but it seemed that even she had her natural enemies.</p>

      <p>“Now then... First, We’d like to hear about this situation. Would someone explain what happened?”</p>

      <p>“Understood. Then I will start with when we reached Tyrving,” Libra said, quickly responding to my request.</p>

      <p>According to her, they’d immediately commenced battle when they’d reached Tyrving, managing to defeat Leon once. But as was becoming familiar, he had received the Goddess’s blessing and powered up. He’d turned the fight around after that, and next, they’d been the ones in a pinch.</p>

      <p>“The Goddess again? She sure sticks to a template.”</p>

      <p>“Stories are like that. Things such as suddenly getting stronger due to anger, or receiving a huge power-up by unlocking latent talents and abilities, or the bonds of your comrades, or saying that you’ll protect everyone and then suddenly being able to fight evenly before overtaking the villain... All of that is just assistance given to the protagonist by the author, or god, to make them win. That is the easiest and simplest way to intervene for gods. Protagonists are just their puppets.”</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s...inevitable, isn’t it? If that didn’t happen, then the villain would win.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, that is true. And the Goddess is doing all this because she doesn’t want the villain named Lufas to win.”</p>

      <p>Now that Taurus had gone, Dina had regained her confidence and returned my sarcasm with even more sarcasm. But she was still clinging to my back, so it seemed as if she had yet to fully recover from the shock of meeting Taurus.</p>

      <p>“Lady Lufas a villain?! Preposterous! Lady Lufas is justice itself! She is this world’s one and only law!”</p>

      <p>“Hear, hear!”</p>

      <p>“Would you all just be quiet for a while? You are making things more complicated.”</p>

      <p>I had Aigokeros and Scorpius, who was fully indulging her delusions, quiet down. The two of them seemed to have experienced some sort of shock, as they slumped to the ground where they’d stood with the appropriate expressions.</p>

      <p><em>They’re making such a big deal out of it...</em></p>

      <p>“Sorry, We got derailed. Please continue.”</p>

      <p>“I suppose I should say ‘serves you right, Scorpion’ here?”</p>

      <p>“That’s unnecessary,” I said, lightly scolding Libra.</p>

      <p>Seamlessly and with no change in expression, Libra went to kick Scorpius as she was down before continuing, “Serves you right, Scorpion.”</p>

      <p><em>Geez. Why does this group have no coherence at all? I said you didn’t have to...</em></p>

      <h1>21</h1>

      <p>“That comprises everything that has happened.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm.”</p>

      <p>The biggest thing I learned after hearing Libra’s summary was that I was completely late. Everything—the fight, the problem with Sagittarius, all of it—had been settled before I had arrived like a clueless fool.</p>

      <p>Well... I understood why I was late... It was because I’d insisted on sightseeing in Benetnasch’s capital; I’d watched the monsters battle, and I’d gambled and stuff. The fight with Benetnasch probably hadn’t lasted that long, honestly. It actually had lasted a while from my point of view, but I was sure it’d only been a moment in objective time.</p>

      <p>I burst into a cold sweat while making sure to maintain outward calm. “We seem to have forced you all into a difficult situation. You’ve done well wearing Leon down.”</p>

      <p>“H A H A H A. Awww, it’s no problem at all, since you’re the one who ordered it, Miss Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? You sure can talk for a tank who couldn’t even do his job properly.”</p>

      <p>“Look, the shield that instantly got KO’d is spouting nonsense.”</p>

      <p>“Aries is the one who beat Leon in the first place. None of us did enough to be smug about it.”</p>

      <p>“W H Y?! M E did a lot this time too, right?!”</p>

      <p>Karkinos responded to my praise, but that only caused Libra, Scorpius, and Aigokeros to straight-facedly rib him for it. <em>Looks like Karkinos is firmly in the role of being teased, isn’t he? Yep. Poor guy.</em></p>

      <p>“We see. So Aries was the one who defeated Leon. Well done.”</p>

      <p>I patted Aries on the head lightly, and he turned red, flustered. <em>He...doesn’t hate it. He kinda looks happy. I’m sure he just feels embarrassed. Yep. Splendidly cute. Except he’s a guy.</em></p>

      <p>“By the way, where’s Leon? You said you rendered him incapable of fighting, but you shouldn’t underestimate how tough he is. We should hurry and tie him up or something while he’s still unconscious.”</p>

      <p>“You needn’t worry about that, Miss Lufas.”</p>

      <p>I had been told that Aries had reduced Leon’s HP to 1 before Taurus blew him away. So right now, Leon was most likely unconscious somewhere outside the forest, and there was a chance he would just go back on a rampage once he woke up. My thinking was that we should prevent him from doing so before he had the chance.</p>

      <p>“My poison is still in him. That traitor should be at 0 HP by now, so there’s no need to bind him at all,” Scorpius continued, trying to put me at ease.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p><em>LEOOOOOOOONNNN?!?!</em></p>

      <p>Panicked, I took flight and found a huge lion lying on the ground outside the forest. The whites of Leon’s eyes were showing, and he was twitching and foaming at the mouth. He was clearly in danger. <em>This isn’t just stopping him. This is overkill!</em></p>

      <p>“Dina!”</p>

      <p>“R-Right! Star of Asclepios!”</p>

      <p>I gave an order to Dina, who was still clinging to my back and had thus come with me.</p>

      <p>Star of Asclepios was a Water element heaven-arts of the highest rank. It was a revival art which had many effects, from healing friendlies in an area to removing status effects, and even reviving the dead. However, <em>Exgate Online</em> had a time limit for revival. If Star of Asclepios wasn’t quickly used after death, then the player would be transported to town and given a death penalty. Of course, death meant death in this world. Death wasn’t so kind as to simply give a small penalty and then throw you into a town. Actually, if a monster lost all its HP in the game, it was forcefully removed from battle, but it wouldn’t die. In this world, they’d probably just die like normal, though.</p>

      <p>A formation like a star floated before us and encapsulated Leon before manifesting a rod with five snakes entwined at its center. The rod then dispersed, becoming particles of light which were sucked into Leon’s body. For a while, there was no change in Leon, but eventually, he started breathing calmly.</p>

      <p>I stared at the sight before me. <em>Th-That was dangerous... Normally, this would have been way over the time limit for revival, but I guess this is one of the few good points of this not being a game.</em> Either that or this just showed how abnormal Leon’s vitality was.</p>

      <p>“You’re going to let that traitor live, master? I can lop off his head in a flash. You just have to say the word,” Libra said after she’d caught up, transforming one of her arms into a blade.</p>

      <p>“Stop that.”</p>

      <p>“I see,” Libra muttered, seeming to have come to some sort of conclusion on her own. “So you’re going to leave him alive on purpose so you can deliver his punishment for betrayal yourself, yes...? Understood. Then I shall prepare the tools for torture.”</p>

      <p>“Why are your thoughts always so violent?”</p>

      <p>“If you’re going to torture him, Lady Lufas, please let me do it! I’ll make this traitor regret ever being born!”</p>

      <p>“I’ll join too.”</p>

      <p>“Would all of you stay quiet for a while? You’re just making things worse.”</p>

      <p>The idiot duo of the scorpion and goat followed up after Libra, but I shut them all up. They stared at me in shock, but I just pointed at Leon. “Photon Chain,” I said after a moment of silence.</p>

      <p>Dozens of magic circles appeared behind me and launched chains of light all at once, binding Leon. Dina looked surprised, but that was to be expected. What I had just used was magic, after all, not heaven-arts...something which a heaven-winged normally never had access to. I’d used magic during my fight with Benetnasch, and I still remembered the feeling.</p>

      <p>My level was gradually returning to 1000, but it still wasn’t all the way there yet. Currently, I was at level 1300. It’d probably go back to normal in time, but right now, I still had my class levels as a mage. So I thought I’d try a little magic out, and I had no problems using it.</p>

      <p>“Miss Lufas... Was that...magic just now?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Benet hit me over the head rather hard... We’ve woken up quite a bit thanks to her.”</p>

      <p>Actually, I’d remembered <em>something else</em> on top of magic, but trying that out could wait until later. It was a power that was a little too strong, and if I were to do it, the Twelve Stars would be powered up too. Well, it probably wouldn’t be as ridiculously powerful as it was during that fight with Benetnasch, anyway.</p>

      <p><em>The skill name is... Let’s see. Why not “Alkaid”?</em></p>

      <p>“This should be enough for Leon. For now, We should talk to Sagittarius.”</p>

      <p>I left Leon outside of the forest while the rest of us returned to Sagittarius. I’d already heard why Sagittarius had been helping Leon, so I wasn’t going to punish him. Instead, we’d be talking about the future and not just the future of Sagittarius and the centaurs, but the future of all demihumans.</p>

      <p>“Sagittarius.”</p>

      <p>He was silent, head bowed apologetically, before answering, “Yes!”</p>

      <p>“First, We will ignore everything that has happened. Raise your head.”</p>

      <p>I never had any intention of punishing Sagittarius. It was all my fault for adding someone clearly dangerous, like Leon, to the Twelve Stars and then disappearing for two hundred years without even putting any countermeasures in place for his inevitable rampage in the first place.</p>

      <p>This was something I understood, since it was about myself, but I hadn’t actually been thinking or planning anything all that deep when I’d captured Leon. I’d simply done so because it had seemed interesting... I had thought it’d be amusing to tame the strongest of all monsters and that squandering so much power was wasteful. In the end, I had pulled him into my ranks on a lark.</p>

      <p><em>What the hell was past me thinking...?</em></p>

      <p>“More importantly, let us think of the future not just for the centaurs but for all demihumans. You all should listen as well,” I said, sweeping my gaze over the demihumans who were still bound and strewn across the ground.</p>

      <p>There was a spider-person, a merman, a dryad, and a lamia. Apparently these four were the leaders of the demihuman alliance. <em>Their levels are around 150, huh? That’s pretty strong for this day and age. I guess the people who can pass the level 300 wall are surprisingly few, considering there’s just the Seven Luminaries and Virgo, huh?</em></p>

      <p>The demihumans didn’t show any signs of resisting. They were actually quite meek and quiet. The looks they gave the Twelve Stars and me were filled with fear. They probably weren’t resisting because they could sense the difference in our strength. I could understand why. They’d seen Leon, Aries, and the others fight before their very eyes. It’d be impossible to expect them to maintain their will to fight after that.</p>

      <p>“First, let’s start with what happens next. As everything stands, all of you will fall under concentrated fire from the principal powers and be destroyed along with your villages.”</p>

      <p>Sei and Virgo seemed surprised at what I said. On the other hand, Gantz and the elf bore serious expressions like this had been expected. The demihumans themselves didn’t seem particularly surprised either, since they had probably been prepared for this from the start, but their expressions were still ones of despair. Their powerful leader, Leon, had been defeated, but that hadn’t changed the fact that they’d seriously harmed Draupnir’s guardian dragon. In fact, it was easier than ever for humanity to assault the demihumans now that they weren’t backed by Leon.</p>

      <p>In terms of picking fights with entire countries, Aries and Scorpius had done worse, but we moved often and were basically very hard to get a hold of. Not to mention the fact that the most important countries were basically led by Megrez, Merak, and Mizar. They knew the power of the Twelve Stars and me, and none of them were idiots stupid enough to waste valuable firepower trying to chase us down.</p>

      <p>However, they had no way of knowing the plight of the demihumans, so other countries currently just saw them as enemies. It was entirely possible these countries were sending their armies this way even now. If that was the case, there would be a war between humanity and the demihumans, though the demihumans had no chance of winning... Svel had the Wise King Megrez and the Guardian Deity Levia. The mobile capital, Blutgang, had its mass-produced Libras and golem corps. Lastly, Gjallarhorn had Merak. Draupnir’s guardian dragon should have been fully healed by now as well, and the entire country was probably thirsting for revenge.</p>

      <p>If any one of these nations took action, the demihumans would be checkmated. If they were to face off, even all the demihumans together would barely be able to trade their lives for the guardian dragons’, and that was disregarding the fact that the demihumans had managed to beat up the guardian dragon thanks to Scorpius weakening it beforehand. If Leon had been around, the demihumans would have been able to fight the guardian dragon more than satisfactorily, but Leon had been dealing with Benetnasch, so it probably would have changed nothing.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch had been able to hold Leon off by herself, so the other demihumans would’ve stood no chance. That was how easily things would have been settled. Or rather, Benetnasch would have been able to completely decimate the demihumans and their village all on her own with a wide-area AoE spell. In the end, she was in a whole other dimension in terms of strength.</p>

      <p>However, I was the one responsible for sowing these seeds in the end. It wasn’t just Leon. The reason why the demihumans had been able to attack the guardian dragon in the first place was because Scorpius had weakened it. Scorpius was also one of my subordinates, and her indiscretions were my responsibility as well. I couldn’t just abandon the demihumans. At the very least, I needed to show them the path they should take, though they were free to refuse or otherwise do whatever they wanted afterwards. This was my duty.</p>

      <p>“So how would you all like to take refuge in Maphaahl Tower until the dust settles? We will not force you to join us. In the end, that tower is going unused at the moment... There’s no problem with you living there as long as you don’t steal anything. It’s uselessly tall, too, so there is enough room for all of you.”</p>

      <p>The only building capable of sheltering all of them would be either Blutgang or Maphaahl Tower. I now understood why Maphaahl Tower was that tall. It was probably also due to my own preferences, but I’d bet the biggest reason was so it was able to fit all my followers. I’d captured so many monsters, made so many golems, and welcomed people of all races and creeds. As a result, I had needed something that could fit a large number of people, so Maphaahl Tower had just kept getting taller and taller.</p>

      <p>In the end, it had become tall enough to reach the heavens. This meant it could easily fit these demihumans, if I so felt like it. I’d told them not to steal, but it was almost impossible to do so anyway. All the important weapons and items were stored at the top, and as noted before, only those who could fly as high as I could were able to get there.</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re telling us to abandon this village...?” the lamia muttered, her expression bitter.</p>

      <p>But it seemed she also understood they had no other choice. This village was probably a cherished home to the demihumans. It was only natural they’d resist abandoning it, but if they stayed, they’d share the village’s fate. I wasn’t heartless, though. I’d thought of a way to solve that.</p>

      <p>“No need to worry. There is something We can do.”</p>

      <p>“Something...?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. We are counting on you, Dina.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, as expected.”</p>

      <p>The method I’d come up with was to have Dina use an Exgate to move the entire village somewhere else. I’d leave the exact location to her, but luckily, this world was filled with places humans could not reach. After all, most of Mizgarz was under the control of the devilfolk.</p>

      <p>However, that was when the elf and the cat beastfolk chose to object. I simply turned my gaze to them without much reaction. To be honest, I’d expected them to react this way. <em>Now then... How should I convince them? I’m not really very good at this kind of thing, though...</em></p>

      <h1>22</h1>

      <p>“W-Wait, please, Lord Lufas! Are you seriously going to give them refuge?!”</p>

      <p>“N-No! This cannot happen! Please allow Draupnir to handle them!”</p>

      <p>The elf and the cat beastfolk both raised their voices at the same time, so I turned my attention to them.</p>

      <p><em>What were their names...? I kind of feel like I’ve heard them before, but I forget. Uh... Oh yeah. It should be Kross and Petto. Yep. I was right.</em></p>

      <p>Observing Eye was extra-useful because it would also display names if the target had one. Of course, if they had more than two names and I didn’t know all of them, it would apparently only show the name I knew them by, so it wasn’t completely omnipotent. Take Dina for example. She had an alternate name, Venus, but even if I were to use Observing Eye on her, it would only tell me she was Dina. This was most likely because I knew her as Dina. Not that this detail was important at the moment.</p>

      <p>“Leave them to Draupnir... Meaning you plan to execute them when they have lost the will to resist? How belligerent. Will you not be satisfied unless they are all slaughtered?”</p>

      <p>“I’m not saying this out of personal emotion. They attacked us first, so they need to be punished for their crimes. If they were allowed to get away with assaulting us so one-sidedly, we would be thought of as a weak country. Even if you allowed them to escape here, things would not be settled... Armies will definitely be sortied, and they will go in search of demihumans.”</p>

      <p>I looked down at the cat beastfolk, and he in turn looked up at me with round eyes. I felt he had a point, but I felt more strongly that I wanted to scritch his neck and cheeks. <em>I mean, I know we’re having a serious conversation...but he looks like a bipedal cat. Any cat lover would understand. Your hand just itches for it. I want to floof the hell out of him.</em></p>

      <p>“We see. This means you do not wish to execute them yourself due to your personal feelings?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed.”</p>

      <p>“Then what about everyone else? Are there any of you who desperately want these demihumans dead?” I questioned everyone else as well, including the boy, Sei, but no one said anything.</p>

      <p>Scorpius did stand up to indicate that was what she wanted, but I wasn’t asking her. <em>Sit down. Why are you so murderous all the time?</em></p>

      <p>“So all you require is for it to be known that these demihumans were massacred?”</p>

      <p>“What? Yes, well...”</p>

      <p>“Then that is no problem. We have considered that.” I paused. “Dina.”</p>

      <p>Petto had a point. The demihumans had basically declared war, and just allowing them to go free with no punishment would hurt both the dignity of the state as well as cause worry and unrest among its people. In Earth terms, it would be as if an Aegis warship had launched a missile at something, which was basically a declaration of war, but the targeted country did nothing about it and just let it go. <em>If it were Japan, they really might just let things go after expressing how deplorable the action was... But that’s beside the point.</em></p>

      <p>The problem was that it wasn’t just Draupnir. Other countries were probably gearing up for war as well. Mjolnir was especially dangerous. With Leon now gone, it was quite possible that they’d come pouring in all at once, so having the demihumans die was the fastest way to solve things. That was why I’d given Dina an order and had her teleport the village first.</p>

      <p>“Understood. Exgate!” Dina raised her hands, starting the process of sending the entire forest somewhere else.</p>

      <p>The reason why I hadn’t specified a destination was simple; I was less knowledgeable about the layout of this world than Dina. I only knew about the places we’d stopped at so far while she knew about many more. Leaving things up to her was for the best.</p>

      <p>The entire forest was swallowed by a tear in space, and all that was left were various demihumans who didn’t understand what had just happened. From their point of view, they had been spending the day like normal when the forest had suddenly erupted in a battle of giant kaiju, and now the forest had disappeared entirely. <em>I almost feel sorry for them.</em></p>

      <p>“Next is... You there. You four demihumans and Sagittarius. Sorry, but you’ll have to explain what’s going on to the other demihumans.”</p>

      <p>I snapped my fingers and undid the demihumans’ bindings. Jean raised his voice in reproach, but undoing their restraints wouldn’t cause any problems. <em>Sorry, but there’s nothing that the demihumans can do with us here.</em> Even if they went for the weaker ones, like Virgo or Sei, I’d just jump in. <em>If you want to escape me, you’ll need to at least be able to move freely in a world that ticks by at fractions of a second.</em></p>

      <p>As long as they were stuck in this time frame, people who could accelerate to smaller time frames like Benetnasch, the Devil King, and I would be untouchable, no matter what they did. That being said, worrying about such a thing would just be paranoid.</p>

      <p>It seemed as if the demihumans had realized this and knew that they had no other choice, so they simply quietly did as they had been told and started talking to one another. I could hear them occasionally say things like, “Definitely don’t oppose them,” or, “You saw those monsters fight, didn’t you?” or, “If you don’t want to die, just behave,” as they looked at us with undisguised fear. As expected, the shock from seeing the monster battle between the Twelve Heavenly Stars was too much, I suppose.</p>

      <p>Eventually, the demihumans seemed to understand, and they all started moving in droves, leaving only an empty wasteland behind. Once I worked my magic, I could make a convincing argument that the demihumans had all been killed.</p>

      <p>“Now then. Stand back, everyone.”</p>

      <p>I slowly raised one hand to the sky. Mana gathered in my palm, eventually turning into a giant fireball. It might have seemed like a Fire element spell at first glance, but my attribute was Sun. As such, I’d created fire, but it wasn’t attributed to Fire. It was the power of the sun.</p>

      <p>The fireball, which shined the color of the sun’s rays, grew at an accelerating rate, generating scorching winds. If I were to leave things like this, the fireball’s scorching winds alone would cook all the demihumans a thousand times over before I even fired the thing. When I cast the spell, I also put up a barrier to contain the fireball so there wouldn’t be any such casualties.</p>

      <p>“Solar Flare.”</p>

      <p>I’d used a high-ranking Sun element magic spell, Solar Flare. It could also be called an explosion of the sun’s surface. Of course, it wasn’t the real thing. A real solar flare is tens of thousands of kilometers in diameter, and its destructive power is said to be equivalent to a hundred million hydrogen bombs. In the end, this was just an imitation made with mana; it would get nowhere near that powerful. That was why the spell’s diameter was only a couple hundred meters, and its power only ranged from several dozen to several hundred hydrogen bombs.</p>

      <p>I paused. <em>My standards have gotten really warped, haven’t they? Man, my own thoughts just scared me. </em>To think I thought of several hundred hydrogen bombs in terms of “only.” <em>I’ve finally crossed a line.</em> My common sense was disintegrating before my very eyes.</p>

      <p>Before I launched the ball, I made sure to have a heaven-arts barrier up around everyone. On top of that, I disseminated divine power around the area that was about to become a scorched wasteland, circulating it at high speeds. That was the process of the Sun-attribute heaven-art “Heliosphere.” It was an absolute anti-magic field that worked by making divine power circulate at high speeds in several layers within a certain area.</p>

      <p>In the game, I was able to use skills however I liked without thinking too much about it. As one might have expected, if I were to just straight-up launch a Solar Flare in this world, the damage to the surroundings would be catastrophic, no matter how much I tried to hold back.</p>

      <p>With my preparations done, I lightly flicked my wrist. By doing so, I sent the fireball that had been above me in motion, and it landed in the area that used to contain the demihuman’s village. There was a huge explosion upon impact.</p>

      <p>The first result was a flash. The overflowing light was strong enough to literally burn out one’s eyes, and it dyed the entire surrounding area white. Looking at this would definitely blind you normally, but thanks to the anti-magic field I put up earlier, the light that actually reached us was only about as strong as if one looked directly at the sun for a while. All it did was cause people to instinctively close their eyes. I didn’t close my eyes, though, since this body was truly overpowered. Even the endurance of my eyeballs was absurd. It was ridiculous.</p>

      <p>Next, the whole place went up in flames, resulting in a mushroom cloud. <em>Yeah, this is ridiculous even for me. I managed to produce the equivalent of a nuclear weapon all by myself. That’s stupid.</em></p>

      <p>But even this spell was only a small toy firework compared to Benetnasch’s Maiden Who Shoots a Silver Arrow, if you could believe it. Her arrow could seriously destroy an entire planet, after all... I didn’t even want to think about how many times the strength of a nuclear weapon it had.</p>

      <p><em>I kind of understand now... It was only natural for the people back then to fear me and want to get rid of me. Yeah. Shit like this is scary. The day the Devil King and I trade blows with magic will probably turn all of Mizgarz into a scorched field, won’t it?</em></p>

      <p>I took a quick peek behind me to find that everyone’s reactions were totally varied. Most of the Twelve Stars looked at me with expressions of respect, like they wanted to congratulate or praise me. Only Virgo looked like her soul had flown right out of her body. The entire hero’s party was the same as her; they all showed the whites of their eyes. <em>Ah... When I look closer, I can see the tiger’s already making a mad dash to get away.</em></p>

      <p>After a moment of silence came a voice. “Hey, Sarge... Were we really trying to fight that?”</p>

      <p>Sargess didn’t answer immediately. “Mm... Yeah... I suppose that’s what following Sir Leon would have meant.”</p>

      <p>“We’d be killed by the aftereffects alone.”</p>

      <p>“We were way too reckless, weren’t we? It makes me not want to see any fights at all anymore.”</p>

      <p>The four members of the demihuman leadership were muttering amongst themselves. They looked like they’d given up, and all they could do was laugh.</p>

      <p>Eventually, the explosion was over, and all that was left was a great crater of scorched earth. To be fair, it had already been barren beforehand, so all I’d really done was melt some rocks. At any rate, this completed everything necessary for our lie. Looking at the state of the place, anyone would think that I’d burned the demihumans along with their village, especially since all the other countries had probably seen that explosion themselves. All that was left was to have the demihumans move.</p>

      <p>“Now then, your name was...” I paused. “Petto, correct? We understand your feelings, but would you allow the demihumans to leave for us? We would like you to tell your country that the explosion just now wiped out the demihumans.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, gladly!”</p>

      <p>“Hmm? Oh, you’re awfully helpful.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, gladly!” Petto repeated.</p>

      <p>I paused. “Ah... Yes. Then, please? That goes for the elf there as well.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, gladly!” Petto repeated once more as Kross simultaneously chimed, “Yes, ma’am!”</p>

      <p>I had thought I’d still meet some resistance to the idea from Petto and Kross, but contrary to what I had expected, they were very cooperative. <em>But, uh, are these guys all right? Their faces are deathly pale, and their legs are shaking. I don’t get it. It’s not like I’d attack them if they weren’t acting so afraid. In fact, I like cats a lot and want to get along well with them.</em></p>

      <p>I looked over at Petto, who squeaked out a scream as if he were about to cry. I said nothing. It was just plain shocking to see.</p>

      <p>“Next is the problem of leading the demihumans...”</p>

      <p>“Miss Lufas, please leave that to me.”</p>

      <p>The next role was quite important. I needed someone to lead the demihumans to Maphaahl Tower. If any humans were to see them at this point, all the effort of dressing up this lie would go up in smoke. Whoever took the job had to be sensitive to nearby presences while also able to see long distances. Libra would’ve been perfect for this, but Sagittarius had just volunteered.</p>

      <p>“You?”</p>

      <p>“I see. Master, Sagittarius is certainly perfect for the job,” said Libra.</p>

      <p>“Really? Well, if you say so, then We suppose it must be true.”</p>

      <p><em>Sagittarius, huh?</em> It was true that he had good eyes. In my opinion, he’d probably be best after Libra. I was quite a bit more worried than I would’ve been if the task had been left to her, and that worry probably showed in my voice.</p>

      <p>Sagittarius suddenly pulled out his bow. “My arrow can be used for this. Please watch. All of you, join hands! The leader must grab on to me!”</p>

      <p>I looked on curiously. <em>What the hell is he doing?</em></p>

      <p>The demihumans obeyed Sagittarius and joined hands. The last one, being the leader of the line, grabbed onto Sagittarius. Whatever they were doing seemed really weird. I couldn’t grasp the meaning of it. <em>Maybe they’re just going to head to the tower in a straight line like this while holding hands like friends? Wouldn’t that make them stand out too much?</em></p>

      <p>“Then let us be off. Al Nassr!”</p>

      <p>Sagittarius launched his arrow and grabbed it immediately afterward for some reason. <em>What in the world is he thinking...?</em></p>

      <p>But the next moment, I understood what was going on. Sagittarius, who had grabbed onto the arrow, disappeared. Furthermore, the demihumans who had been holding onto him had disappeared as well.</p>

      <p>“Were you surprised, master?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah. What did he just do?”</p>

      <p>“His skill, Al Nassr, is a skill of absolute accuracy that teleports the arrow to the enemy right after being launched. Of course, you already know that, master, but he developed a technique to teleport himself along with it by grabbing the arrow. Thanks to that skill, we were saved as well.”</p>

      <p>I pondered this silently for a moment. “Wouldn’t that make it an absolute avoidance skill more than an absolute accuracy skill?”</p>

      <p>“It just means Al Nassr can be used as both.”</p>

      <p>I was impressed by the new way Sagittarius had found to take advantage of his skill, as explained by Libra. By grabbing onto the arrow, which could transcend time and space, it would be possible to instantly move through space or absolutely avoid attacks. It was totally busted. If he felt like it, Sagittarius could go basically anywhere in an instant. <em>What an overpowered skill.</em></p>

      <h1>23</h1>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Far above in the heavens, a single gaze pierced downwards. She looked down at the miniature garden she’d made, watching a battle that was going on, and sighed with melancholy. <em>No matter what I do, it doesn’t turn out well.</em></p>

      <p>A mistake from long ago she hadn’t managed to fix had crossed generations to revive and was now threatening the balance of the world. She was... Lufas Maphaahl was a bug in the code.</p>

      <p><em>My next mistake was allowing what I once eliminated to come back, I suppose. I thought that if I sealed that annoying ideology and ego, she’d then move as a beneficial, convenient existence to help maintain the balance of the world. I knew that if I left her alone, she’d regain her senses at some point, but at the same time, I didn’t have any pieces I could use to finish her off. I thought I might as well make the first move and revive her myself in a way that was beneficial to me, but...that was a mistake. In the end, a bug is a bug. It can’t be fixed just by doing something on the surface.</em></p>

      <p><em>I was thinking she could get rid of and replace the Devil King as this world’s “Evil” since the man recently stopped listening to me, but by the time I’d noticed, she’d become my “Evil.” How ironic. Just what did I do wrong? Was it bad that I revived Lufas in the first place? Did I pick the wrong temporary personality? Or...</em></p>

      <p>The being paused. <em>At any rate, I have to admit I made a mistake. My plan is now off the rails, and Lufas is looking around for a trail to me. The more I try to fix this messed up script, the worse it gets, and Lufas makes it worse just by existing.</em></p>

      <p><em>This is no good. People can’t become happy like this. In order to be happy, they have to experience corresponding sadness. The larger the difference, the more happiness people will feel. But Lufas is a bug that is trying to destroy the unhappiness itself. People won’t feel happy in a world with nothing but happiness. They can’t. That’s why... Yes. My lovely children need misfortune and despair but on a level where they won’t be destroyed.</em></p>

      <p>Having made a decision, she resolved to move the strongest piece she had at the moment.</p>

      <p><em>It’s a bit drastic, but there’s nothing else for it... Lufas must be eliminated with an infinite army. There’s no other way.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>The demihumans were all sent to the tower starting with the centaurs, after which Sagittarius safely rejoined us. The spiderman was the only one left, but it seemed as if he had something to discuss with the boy, Sei. This solved pretty much all the problems here, but there was one last thing I had to do.</p>

      <p>I left Aries and the others in the forest as I headed for Leon, who was still sprawled on the ground. The giant lion looked at me with eyes brimming with murderous intent, but it seemed as if he couldn’t break free of the chains in his exhausted state, so he simply struggled uselessly.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. We suppose We should say...it’s been a while, Leon.”</p>

      <p>“Lufas...!”</p>

      <p>Leon’s gaze was filled with nothing but hate. In a sense, it was fresh and also completely to be expected. This was actually kind of funny since most of the people I’d met had acted favorably towards me in some way.</p>

      <p>While actually feeling charmed by the way Leon desperately glared at me, I activated Observing Eye to check his stats.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Lion King Leon</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 1000</p>

      <p>【Race】: Lion of Nemea</p>

      <p>【Attribute】: Sun</p>

      <p>【HP】: 1/1500000</p>

      <p>【SP】: 8250/10000</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: ?????</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: ????</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: ?????</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: ??</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: ????</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: ????</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: ????<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Well, I expected this.</em> He had yet to return to the fold, so I still couldn’t see anything other than his level, HP, and SP. His name was also “Lion King Leon” instead of being prefaced with “Twelve Heavenly Stars,” so he was still rebelling against me.</p>

      <p><em>Still, though. Damn he’s got a lot of HP.</em> If anything was worthy of being called “on a different scale,” then it was his HP stat, and he’d had the Goddess’s blessing added on top of that. Even though I hadn’t fought him, I could tell he had been incredibly strong.</p>

      <p><em>Aries and the others did really well to win, huh? Even I’d have some trouble if I were to fight him one-on-one.</em></p>

      <p>One of Leon’s other features was that he didn’t have any outstanding skills like the other Twelve Stars. On the other hand, however, it just meant he didn’t need any fancy tricks. His strength was truly just the force of pure stats. Without needing any tricks, he simply faced his opponents head-on and tore them down, making them submit.</p>

      <p>If the gap in power was too large, it didn’t matter how outstanding a person’s skills were or how much magic they had. By using their skills to the fullest, a normal attack from a high-leveled player could easily surpass any attack from a level 100 player. <em>That’s just what RPGs are like.</em> Well, there were people who would do restricted playthroughs, such as trying to beat the final boss while at a beginner level, so it wasn’t a fast rule.</p>

      <p><em>I can’t see his stats, so I can’t really say much, but... Hmm... I’d say his strength exceeds Benetnasch in her normal state overall.</em></p>

      <p>“We finally meet... I haven’t forgotten you even once in the past two hundred years. My soul whispers in my ears night after night, reminding me of the humiliation of that day...and telling me to eat you alive!”</p>

      <p>I watched Leon in silence.</p>

      <p>“Now, undo these chains! Fight me!”</p>

      <p>While listening to Leon, I thought about the best course of action. <em>The best thing would be to... Let’s see... Maybe I should do as he says and fight him myself? I could beat him here and show him the difference in our power, forcing him to obey me and return to the fold. That would put him back down to level 800, so he can’t do anything stupid. Yeah, that seems best.</em></p>

      <p>It was a simple answer that didn’t need any hemming and hawing over. But the Lufas inside me put forth a different answer, and I agreed with it. That answer was...</p>

      <p>“No.”</p>

      <p>“Wha—?!”</p>

      <p>“This fight is already over. Aries and the others have won. That is all. We have no intention of coming out of the woodwork to throw mud on their victory.”</p>

      <p>Exactly, this fight had been between Leon and the Twelve Stars, including Aries. It was already over. I wasn’t interested in brazenly coming out of nowhere and restarting a fight that’d already been finished. More than anything, it would have been rude to Aries and the others who had tried their hardest and had managed to win against stats like Leon’s. In the end, I would be overturning the results of Aries and the others’ hard-won battle to beat up Leon once again and claim that I’d managed to win by myself. <em>Isn’t that just incredibly lame?</em> Not to mention that Aries and the others were my followers, so their victory was also mine. I wanted to bask in that pride. I didn’t want to ruin it.</p>

      <p>“DON’T FUCK WITH MEEEEE!!! You’re going to just leave everything to your underlings and watch from on high?! I... I!” he stuttered before pausing. “Are you saying that I’m not even worth fighting yourself?!”</p>

      <p>“You... We hear that you clung to the Goddess’s power.”</p>

      <p>Leon howled, but was shut up by one line from me. He’d been cornered by people he considered lower than him, and as a result, he had resorted to the Goddess’s power and still lost. He must have found that fact extremely humiliating, and it was something he probably wanted to forget. But I wouldn’t let him. If I did, he’d probably let himself get used by the Goddess again, after all.</p>

      <p>“We aren’t going to tell you not to desire power. Using everything available is what We would do as well. In that sense, the Goddess’s power is no exception. We probably would have highly praised you if you weren’t controlled by it, but instead managed to steal the power and make it yours.”</p>

      <p>After all, I myself had basically suddenly inherited the powers of my overpowered game character, so in that sense, we would have been the same. Because of that, I didn’t feel like judging others for how they got their power. That’d just come right back and hit me in the face like a giant boomerang, after all.</p>

      <p>“But by being manipulated as easily as you were... You are no longer the one fighting. Even if we did fight, it wouldn’t be a fight between us, but a fight between us and the Goddess. You would just be a tool for the Goddess, used like an item.”</p>

      <p>That was exactly why Benetnasch, who had managed to reject the Goddess’s temptation, seemed so bright to me. Even the Goddess was someone Benetnasch had seen as a nuisance, and she had managed to impose her own will over the Goddess’s. It was because Benetnasch had been like this that Lufas had recognized her as a rival.</p>

      <p>“We will answer your question from before.”</p>

      <p>The moment I said that... I could no longer tell who was speaking. I knew it was me, and I knew I wanted to say that. But at the same time, it felt as if someone else were speaking through my mouth... But the lines still came from my own will. For the first time, it felt like Lufas and I had completely united.</p>

      <p>“You are not worthy of fighting us.”</p>

      <p>I was only met with shocked silence.</p>

      <p>I had said what I’d had to say, so I turned on my heel and left Leon alone. I might have gone too far, but if I hadn’t said that, he might have gone back to clinging to that power too easily. Leon was a simple fool, but that foolishness could sometimes be a weapon. Saying that just now had probably cemented the fact that using the Goddess’s power meant Leon couldn’t fight me. So he would no longer use her power. His greatest goal was me, after all. He would never choose a method that brought him farther away from that.</p>

      <p>In a sense, he was a cute and very easy to understand fellow. <em>People say that a lot, don’t they? That dogs and cats are cuter the stupider they act?</em> It was true that Leon was a troublesome guy, but it wasn’t that big a deal to me.</p>

      <p><em>How should I put it?</em> I pondered it for a moment. Yeah, if I had to force an analogy, it’d be this: Pretend there was a cat. Imagine the cat wanted your attention, so it jumped onto your laptop and sat on the keyboard. Thanks to that, it hit the power button. Given no other choice, you play with the cat until it gets bored, and it scratches your hand and walks off like it’s lost all interest. That would be very troublesome and selfish, and you might curse out the cat in your head. But you as the owner would think of all of that as cute and forgive the cat.</p>

      <p>Leon was exactly like that to me. At the very least, he wasn’t scum on the level of the Dragon King I’d once fought. It was true that he was true to his desires and very arrogant, but frankly it wasn’t much different from a wild lion hunting and eating a zebra. The scale was just different.</p>

      <p>I paused, confused. <em>Huh? Who’s the Dragon King?</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>The light of mana illuminated the trees of the forest. Plants that couldn’t move on their own instead used their divine power in the form of heaven-arts to create a heaven-arts life-form, a spirit, to innocently fly around. Some among these spirits gained a sense of self, and those that had become completely independent of their true plant bodies became fairies and were sometimes worshiped as holy beings. Likewise, those who had been affected by fairies became known as the fey, or elves. That was why they had an affinity for heaven-arts even though they’d been mutated by mana.</p>

      <p>A single man wearing white armor was walking in that forest. He was known as the Devil King’s son, Terra, and boasted the second most authority and power amongst all the devilfolk after the Devil King himself. With bold steps, he walked towards the deepest part of the forest while the spirits and fairies watched his progress with interest, sometimes flying around him playfully. Terra smiled at them, making sure not to lay a hand on any of them.</p>

      <p>Spirits and fairies took on a wide range of forms, but they generally turned out to be adorable boys or girls about twenty percent the size of a normal human. That was not a hard and fast rule though, and most powerful fairies ended up being indistinguishable from humans. There were even some men with uselessly firm and sturdy builds with pirate-like looks.</p>

      <p>Eventually, Terra reached his destination, where he found a girl standing there as if she’d been waiting for him. She had fluffy honey-colored hair that reached down to her shoulders and wore a headband. Her eyes were green, and the dress she wore was tricolor, a nice red, blue, and white. Next to her stood an armored heroic spirit whom she’d given a temporary body to serve her with.</p>

      <p>“What a rare guest we have here. I’m afraid I won’t welcome you, though.”</p>

      <p>Residing in the deepest parts of the fairy paradise of Alfheim was the Fairy Princess, Pollux, who stood at the top of all fairies. As the one who stood at the peak of all life forms made of divine power, she was, as implied, equal to the Devil King. If the Devil King and his devilfolk were the symbols of darkness encroaching upon Mizgarz, then Pollux and her fairies were the symbols of light. They would never mix, but they would also never clash. Instead, many long years had been spent simply glaring at each other. The light and dark always remained balanced as if they were communicating behind the scenes, preventing one side from completely sweeping up the world.</p>

      <p>“It is a pleasure to meet you, oh great Chief of the Light. My name is Terra. Please, let me first apologize for my sudden rude visit.”</p>

      <p>“He—” Pollux paused. “Hmm? Aren’t you him? The Devil King’s son? I’d heard that Orm had a son, so I’d imagined a miniature version of him, but you seem to be quite well-mannered.”</p>

      <p>Pollux observed Terra. From the look of it, he wasn’t hostile. His sword was still sheathed, and Pollux could see respect hidden within his gaze. Still, he was a devilfolk. Unfortunately, he wasn’t trustworthy.</p>

      <p>“So, why have you come here? If it isn’t incredibly important, I’d like you to leave.”</p>

      <p>“I want you to teach me more about avatars, and, if possible, how to make them.”</p>

      <p>When she heard that term come from Terra’s mouth, she fell silent. Pollux’s look grew cold, and she narrowed her eyes.</p>

      <p>Avatars could be said to be the spirits and fairies themselves. They themselves were nothing more than temporary bodies of their original plants. While there was a difference between magic and heaven-arts, spirits and fairies were similar to devilfolk, who were made of mana.</p>

      <p>Taken to the extreme, spirits and fairies were just heaven-arts being used by plants. Plants, which couldn’t speak or move by themselves, split down two paths in order to be able to achieve this. One was mutation. By mutating into a monster, they’d be able to move. This was how demihumans like dryads had come to exist. The other was by creating an avatar. This was how spirits and fairies were born.</p>

      <p>The only ones in the world who knew how to make those avatars were the Goddess, the Devil King, and the Fairy Princess. Even plants needed permission from Pollux to make an avatar, since they wouldn’t be able to do so without her help. This left the question of when Pollux herself was born, but no one around could answer that question. After all, Pollux had been around even before humanity existed.</p>

      <p>“And what do you plan to do with such knowledge?”</p>

      <p>“I have someone I want to release from the fate of all devilfolk, and I have a friend who died in order to make that happen. I want us to have a life not as a puppet of the Goddess, but one we own ourselves.”</p>

      <p>Pollux pondered for a moment, then said, “I see.” For an instant, her gaze upon Terra became kinder, but at the same time, it turned into a look of sympathy and pity. The next moment, her gaze became icy. “Sorry, but that knowledge will never be shared with anyone else. No matter the reason, I cannot tell you.”</p>

      <p>“I know. But I will not give up no matter what. I swore to my dead friend that I would see this done.”</p>

      <p>“Then what will you do?”</p>

      <p>“What do I have to do to get you to tell me?”</p>

      <p>“Let’s see...”</p>

      <p>The Fairy Princess waved her arm. That moment, over a hundred heroic spirits manifested, standing in Terra’s way. They were all over level 700. There were even those at level 1000 scattered around the crowd.</p>

      <p>“Dance, my beloved children. Argonautai!”</p>

      <p>Generations of guardians of the sanctuary showed themselves. Heroes from the past who had wiped away the dark clouds that had gathered over Mizgarz when it had still been shrouded by darkness descended. Soldiers of the first heaven-winged army, from before one of them had eaten the forbidden fruit, were recreated in droves.</p>

      <p>Ale, the valkyrie who had gifted the poor with fruit, appeared. So did Brunehilde, the noble warrior who had guided people to the Goddess’s side. Notable individuals from history revived one after the other in a show of force that almost mocked the difference between their total power and Terra’s.</p>

      <p>“If you win, I won’t mind giving you a hint. Though that really just means I have no intention of telling you anything,” said the Fairy Princess as she adopted a cold sneer.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>