<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“You impudent thing.”</p>

      <p>Lufas laughed fearlessly while several of Ladon’s heads unleashed their breath attack.</p>

      <p>Each of Ladon’s heads had a different attribute, and they could move independently as well. It was basically like being exposed to attacks from ten different dragons at the same time, and the density of the attacks could probably be said to be higher than the Vampire Princess or the Lion King.</p>

      <p>The breath attacks that had been unleashed gouged the earth, traveling past the horizon, but Lufas wasn’t there. She’d already taken to the air and was now making a sweep with her whip sword. The sword extended like a snake and the blade wrapped around Ladon’s third head.</p>

      <p>“How’s this!”</p>

      <p>Just like that, Lufas pulled on her sword, returning the blade to its original size. Of course, the third head that had been trapped inside it had been taken off, separated from the body at the base of the neck. But just being severed wouldn’t stop the head.</p>

      <p>“DAMN YOOOUUUUU!” The third head, which had been separated from its body, roared in hatred before unleashing another breath.</p>

      <p>A dragon’s vitality could not be underestimated. The third head wouldn’t die just from being separated from its body. In fact, Ladon’s regeneration had already started, and he was trying to grow a new head from the stump.</p>

      <p>Lufas avoided the breath and flew flush to the ground, grabbing the severed head and neck and throwing it at its original body. However, Ladon didn’t even hesitate to crush what used to be a part of his body underfoot. What used to be his third head didn’t even have time to let out its death throes before its life was extinguished.</p>

      <p>“Hey now, have you ever tried hesitating a little? You know that used to be a part of you, right?”</p>

      <p>“Absurd! We only believe in ourselves. As soon as it was separated, it was no longer part of us!”</p>

      <p>“That’s how it is. Third Head let its guard down too much in front of a mere human... The rest of us won’t be doing that,” Ladon said.</p>

      <p>This time, all ten heads, including the one that had just regenerated, all used their breaths at the same time. The breaths clashed in front of Ladon, mixing together and changing into a giant ball of light. Lufas felt impending death in that ball, making her spine grow cold, so she ascended quickly.</p>

      <p>Right afterward, a destructive ball of light touched down that seemed to erase everything in its path, even space itself, leaving behind nothing but a crater in the earth radiating out from the point of its impact. Other dragons had the misfortune of getting caught up in this merciless attack. None of them could maintain their original forms, and any part that came into contact with the breath disappeared as if it’d never existed in the first place.</p>

      <p>Lufas watched the destruction silently before muttering, “What power...”</p>

      <p>Seeing that scene gave Lufas the chills, and she broke out in a cold sweat. But she didn’t have the time to be taken aback forever.</p>

      <p>Ladon had already lifted his faces up towards her and was attempting to launch his next attack. This time, every head unleashed its breath separately. They all missed Lufas but still managed to box her in. It wasn’t a simple miss, of course. The breath attack continued, slowly creeping closer to the center and constricting Lufas’s options of escape.</p>

      <p><em>A breath cage. I see! My surroundings are... No, there’s no gap big enough for me. What about above...? It looks like this attack keeps going into the stratosphere...</em> Lufas had been completely enclosed, and she realized she had no place to escape to in any direction. However, she wasn’t the type to let this cow her. As soon as Lufas realized she didn’t have an escape route, she rapidly descended towards Ladon.</p>

      <p>Ladon moved as if he’d been waiting for her to do exactly that. He clashed his breaths together in front of Lufas, creating the same destructive light as before.</p>

      <p>In response, Lufas stuck out her sword and flew straight into the light. One of the Swordmaster’s skills, “Armored Assault,” was a skill to harden the Swordmaster’s own body as they advanced with an attack. When the skill was activated, the user’s defense rose. Skilled users would take any attack without even flinching. Swordmasters were very poor in terms of ranged attacks, so it was one of their treasured skills that allowed them to forcefully close the distance with any enemy.</p>

      <p>Lufas pierced through empty space and broke through the dragon’s destructive light before coming to stab her sword into Ladon himself. Added to that, she spun on the spot and swiped her sword, taking off several heads at the same time.</p>

      <p>From there, she seamlessly started a multi-hit skill, “Quick Raid.” Lufas carved into Ladon’s body.</p>

      <p>Ladon’s remaining heads bit at Lufas. Not one to lose, she kicked the head that had managed to bite her and forced her way out of his jaws.</p>

      <p>She was silent for a moment. “As expected. He’s tough.”</p>

      <p>Though Lufas’s fearless smile never faded, she’d taken more damage than she’d ever had before. Even though she’d managed to forge her way through the destructive light, the price of taking a direct hit was high. Part of her equipment was ruined, with her cloak being completely destroyed. She hadn’t had her left arm completely torn off, but it wouldn’t stop bleeding, and it didn’t seem like she’d be able to move it anytime soon.</p>

      <p><em>When was the last time I had a battle this hard...? I don’t remember any time like this, even all the way back to when I was still weak and had just become an adventurer.</em></p>

      <p>“Damn you... DAMNYOUDAMNYOUDAMNYOUUUUU!”</p>

      <p>“You puny human! How dare a mere human with wings do this!”</p>

      <p>“This is the first time I’ve ever felt such insult... I’ll never forgive you!”</p>

      <p>Ladon was also covered in wounds. He’d lost half his heads, and the Dragon King’s body had been carved into like a slab of ham. Lufas could tell he was enraged with the amount of pain and humiliation he was feeling. Seeing Ladon like that, Lufas’s smile only widened.</p>

      <p><em>The title King of Dragons isn’t just for show. This monster in front of me is truly a strong challenger, but that’s exactly why I can reassess my own strength.</em> Lufas was truly happy about that.</p>

      <p>“I have half my arms, and you have half your heads... I guess we’re evenly damaged. Now let’s continue, Dragon King. You couldn’t possibly want to stop fighting, could you?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll kill you! Kill! KIIILL!”</p>

      <p>Once again, Lufas and Ladon clashed, and the whole world shook.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Is... Is it over...?” Phecda muttered from his position in front of the gates to the Crown Empire’s capital.</p>

      <p>Next to Phecda were Dubhe, Alphecca, and Emperor Borealis. They, who had been unable to participate in the fight against the Dragon King and had thus been left behind, were all waiting for the return of Lufas and her party in front of the capital’s gates.</p>

      <p>They all held their breath as they watched the horizon. The loud clangs and roars of battle that had been happening so often before had stopped. Phecda gulped. If Lufas and her party had lost, Ladon would surely be attacking them very soon with his dragons in tow. If that happened, they felt they had the duty of at least dying here first as the ones who had sent Lufas and her party off.</p>

      <p>Eventually, they spotted something coming from the horizon. What they saw was a dragon. It was no ordinary dragon; this one was absurdly large. Everyone waiting in front of the gates had their hearts drowned in despair... But then they noticed something was off.</p>

      <p><em>Is it just me or is that giant dragon...not walking straight? It’s like it’s not actually walking but being dragged...</em></p>

      <p>“A-Ahhh... H-Hey! Heyy! Look, Dubhe! Am I dreaming...? Ha ha ha! I can bearly believe it!”</p>

      <p>“Calm down, Phecda. That’s my tic you’re stealing. If you do that, I’m going to lose my individuality and just become a regular bear.”</p>

      <p>“Maybe I should add ‘alphecca’ as a tic from now on too. Man they did alpheccably well! It’s a superb alphecca day... No, never mind. It’s just hard to say.”</p>

      <p>What Phecda and the others were seeing was Lufas dragging along a dead Ladon. Next to her were Alioth, Mizar, and Megrez, all safe and sound. The sunset lit them up from behind wonderfully as if it were celebrating them.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>