<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>It was true that the other members of the Seven Heroes had nicer personalities. Strangely enough, I felt closer to Benetnasch than any of them. After all, she didn’t have any weird hang-ups about me. She didn’t overly worship me like the Twelve Heavenly Stars nor did she harbor feelings of guilt like the other Seven Heroes. She wasn’t afraid of me either, and she wasn’t inscrutable like Dina.</p>

      <p>She was just so natural. She stood on the same level I did, which was strangely comfortable.</p>

      <p><em>Well, I guess I’m plenty weird to be feeling that even though her killing intent is crashing into me like nothing else.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Led by Benetnasch, we came to a place that seemed like an arena. She probably wanted to start fighting already, but as soon as I had threatened to leave she’d easily folded and started to lead me around tourist spots. She was truly easy to handle. If possible, I’d have liked to continue dragging things on with a relaxed air just like this until she eventually forgot about fighting completely, since from what I’d heard, defeating Benetnasch now would be terrible for humanity. It was precisely because Benetnasch was around that the devilfolk couldn’t continue their invasion. Looking at it another way, that also meant that as soon as she was gone, they could do as they pleased. Personally, I’d have liked to delay the fight.</p>

      <p>“This is a monster colosseum. We pit captured monsters against each other and bet over the outcome. It’s the most popular form of entertainment here.”</p>

      <p>“What a bloody piece of entertainment.”</p>

      <p>“Monsters from Tyrving have been attacking a lot recently, so there’s no shortage of contestants, even if we execute some.”</p>

      <p>She said something so creepy with such ease, but to be honest, it wasn’t that weird based on the rate of this world’s advancement. Even back on Earth, executions had been a form of entertainment in the Middle Ages. There’ve been records of public executions drawing huge crowds in places like France and Britain, after all. On top of that, this was the country of vampires, who were known to be belligerent. Not to mention, the ones being executed were monsters from an enemy nation. Of course normal morals or pity wouldn’t work in that situation. The only places here where people could say something like, “What do you think you’re doing?! That’s awful!” would be a peaceful human country with enough leeway to learn proper morals.</p>

      <p>The problem was... I didn’t actually feel that much resistance or disgust towards this even though I was from just such a drunk-on-peace country, namely Japan. It was true that I thought the monsters were pitiful, and I did have thoughts like, <em>Ah, how cruel... </em>But before all that, my biggest impression was just, “Oh, I guess this is just that type of place.”</p>

      <p><em>I might have come to quite the dangerous place.</em></p>

      <p>“While we’re here, wanna bet?” Benetnasch suggested as I looked over the arena.</p>

      <p>“Let’s.”</p>

      <p>I described it as an arena, but the place was surrounded by high walls, making it impossible to escape, so it was more like a prison. Vampires watched over it from a safe, high spot, talking about whatever they wanted as they cheered on their bets. Inside that space were a clearly strong giant hippo and a smaller, weasel-like thing. While the hippo was over five meters in size, the weasel was only around one meter. To be honest, it didn’t even seem like a fight to me. Of course the odds favored the hippo, and it was basically guaranteed to win, even in just the stat comparisons. <em>This is just bullying at this point.</em></p>

      <p>“Then We shall put fifty el down on the hippo.”</p>

      <p>“What a cheap betting style.” She looked at me exasperatedly.</p>

      <p><em>She really is the ruler of a country. Our money standards are just too different. </em>Fifty el was about equivalent to ten thousand Japanese yen, so I actually felt like I’d bet quite a bit. This was probably a pittance from her perspective.</p>

      <p>As soon as the battle began, the hippo started dominating the fight, as anyone would have expected. Of course it did; their builds were just that mismatched. Given that sports like boxing separated fighters into weight classes, size and build played a huge part in a fighter’s power and toughness. Stats managed to nullify a lot of that in this world, but the hippo won in that respect, too, so the match had basically already been decided.</p>

      <p>The hippo slammed the weasel with a vigorous tackle, and the weasel’s small body flew through the air. Its arms and legs were bent in unnatural directions, and it was clear that it was near death after just that one attack. But as the weasel fell, it righted itself and bit into the nape of the hippo’s neck.</p>

      <p><em>I guess this is like how a weasel emits a stink from its anus when it’s frightened. It’s not like this one farted or anything, though. </em>But something was off. The weasel just wouldn’t let go of the hippo, and the hippo cried out like it was in pain. Eventually, the hippo couldn’t stand the pain and fainted, and the weasel started to devour it.</p>

      <p><em>Hey... What? The small one won?</em></p>

      <p>“He he. Looks like you predicted wrong. Havarins are small, but they lack fear. They’re dangerous monsters that will keep biting until their target dies. They’re pretty famous in this arena for giant killing.”</p>

      <p>“Havarin?”</p>

      <p>“It’s a new type of monster that sprouted up after you got sealed. It’s like a small wolverine that mutated and became a monster.”</p>

      <p>I looked around and noticed a lot of resentful vampires who were yelling things like, “That thing won <em>again</em>!”</p>

      <p><em>I see. So they made a mistake like I did.</em></p>

      <p>Accepting that I got beaten, I paid the fifty el.</p>

      <p><em>Libra’ll probably scold me later if I tell her I gambled.</em></p>

      <h1>4</h1>

      <p>After the arena, Benetnasch showed me to a lot of different places, but I was currently having some regrets. <em>Maybe I shouldn’t have left things completely up to her. </em>Personally, I was going to see if I could keep up this light, peaceful atmosphere and completely avoid the fight, but as one might expect, reality wasn’t that sweet.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch showed me to a mansion near the castle, but there was nothing inside. It looked like a magnificent mansion on the outside, but inside, there was only a sturdy looking ceiling, walls, and floor. There wasn’t even a minimal amount of furniture. There was no way this space was meant for living in.</p>

      <p>“I built this mansion specifically to prepare for this. I used Mizar steel that I imported from Blutgang, so most things won’t even scratch it. It’s still probably brittle to you and me, but we should be able to let loose here easier than anywhere else.”</p>

      <p>“There is no way this is a tourist spot, at least in our opinion...”</p>

      <p>“I could have continued showing you around, sure, but... Sorry, I’m just not used to being made to wait this long. I just can’t wait when such a juicy carrot is being dangled in front of me. I seem to have less patience than even a horse.”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch smiled as she spoke, but behind that expression, she was overflowing with an obvious desire to fight. If a low-level person were to walk in right now, they’d probably be so overwhelmed by her pressure they wouldn’t even be able to stand.</p>

      <p><em>She can emit pressure like this naturally without even being a heaven-winged. What the hell is up with her?</em></p>

      <p>Still, now that it’d come to this, I had no choice but to accept that a fight was inevitable. She was clearly nothing like any of the enemies I’d fought before, so I probably couldn’t look forward to an easy win. <em>I’ll just have to brace myself for this...</em></p>

      <p>“I’ve waited for too long. I’ve been waiting for this...just for this.”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch’s expression twisted belligerently. Her good looks turned aggressive as the corners of her mouth pulled upward, revealing her fangs. Her eyes glinted a deep scarlet, and her silver hair billowed out behind her. Taking that as a cue, I sharpened my senses, causing the scenery to slow down around me. Even so, the feeling Benetnasch gave off didn’t change, meaning that the flow of time she was experiencing was keeping up with mine.</p>

      <p>“Come, let’s start this thing!”</p>

      <p>As soon as those words left Benetnasch’s mouth, she jumped forward. Just the force of her leap made the ground explode, the fragments freezing in the air. Technically, though, they weren’t actually frozen in the air. From a third-party perspective, it would have looked like Benetnasch had disappeared and the ground exploded, and the rubble would have fallen to the ground within a second. It looked different to me, though. Time as I was currently experiencing it was so far compressed from the normal flow of time that the rubble looked frozen in midair. It was almost as if time had stopped. Within that moment, only Benetnasch still moved with remarkable agility as she closed the distance to me.</p>

      <p><em>She just accelerates to this speed like it’s nothing?! The Devil King was the same, though. I guess the title of strongest of the Seven Heroes wasn’t an exaggeration. Of course, that’s a bad thing.</em></p>

      <p>Amazed, I caught Benetnasch by the wrist, stopping her claw swipe before kicking her away. She kicked right back, even though I thought I’d put her off-balance for at least a moment, and I had to release her wrist in the spur of the moment and jump back. The vertical kick passed between Benetnasch and me like a cannon shot and blew a huge hole in the roof.</p>

      <p><em>And she said most things wouldn’t even scratch it...</em></p>

      <p>Also, as an extremely minor aside, I couldn’t avoid being shown something that should have been off-limits thanks to her kicking upwards right in front of me. <em>White, huh...? That’s a little unexpected. Anyway, wouldn’t she be better off with a skirt that’s, like, a little longer?</em></p>

      <p>While I was preoccupied with my own dumbass thoughts, Benetnasch turned her vertical kick into an ax kick. While there was no way it would hit given our physical distance, I also couldn’t imagine her completely whiffing either. I settled on taking a half-step away, and as I suspected, a black slash passed through the place I just was.</p>

      <p><em>Magic...! And a high-powered spell with no chants, fired from her leg!</em> But I didn’t have the leeway to naturally process the surprise. Benetnasch was already moving on to her next attack. A black glow started to condense in her hand before she unleashed a torrent of darkness that was like a pure incarnation of destruction. <em>Is that a big-ass laser? Or, like, some sort of death and destruction beam?</em> I’d be a little hard-pressed to describe it in words, but for now, it’d be easy to understand as something often seen in manga.</p>

      <p>The attack traveled in a straight line, and though I dodged it, the beam continued on and pierced a hole in the wall of the mansion before flying off into the distance. <em>Ah, crap. This place straight-up can’t withstand having Benetnasch in it.</em></p>

      <p><em>Anyway, I can’t just stay on the defensive. Let’s go on the attack. </em>I kicked off the floor and closed the gap between us before throwing out a knife-hand strike at Benetnasch. She blocked it and countered with a finger stab. I dodged a half-step to the side and Benetnasch’s arm passed by, grazing my cheek. I countered her counter with a knee, but Benetnasch threw out her knee to intercept mine while simultaneously aiming a punch at my cheek.</p>

      <p>I weaved my head around that to avoid the damage before flipping my entire body around. Using the centrifugal force from that, I threw out a backhand, but Benetnasch ducked under that while performing a low kick to sweep my legs. While it may have looked like I was about to fall, I put my hands on the ground and used sheer arm strength to jump. I kicked out while I was upside down as I rose upward, connecting with Benetnasch’s jaw. But she simply flipped in midair and came right back towards me, and I moved forward to intercept her.</p>

      <p>Our arms and legs flew back and forth at high speeds, with feints weaved into multiple strikes as our limbs clashed between us. Allowing the momentum from a clash to separate us, I quickly made my next move.</p>

      <p>“Psycho Compression!”</p>

      <p><em>When in doubt, debuff. That’s the bread and butter. </em>I hit Benetnasch with my telekinesis, hindering her movements as I pressed in.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch brute-forced her way out of my telekinetic restraints faster than I could approach and counterattacked with her claws. <em>You— What the hell? Restraints don’t work?!</em></p>

      <p>Still, I’d managed to slow her down for just a moment. Her claw attack whiffed, only managing to damage the walls and floor even further. As for me, I leapt into the air to dodge, landing behind Benetnasch. She was a little too slow in turning around. My roundhouse kick landed, and she was thrown clean away. That hit would have instantly killed one of the Seven Luminaries, and even a member of the Twelve Stars would have taken major damage. However, Benetnasch put on the emergency brakes in midair and came back to the ground like nothing had happened.</p>

      <p>But...it didn’t look like she was going to start attacking again. <em>Maybe she’s just going to observe the situation for now.</em></p>

      <p>My inner time went back to normal, and the rubble that had been kicked up by Benetnasch at the start of the battle finally fell to the ground.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Well first, I guess I should have expected this of you. I managed to guard in the heat of the moment, but my arm is still broken,” Benetnasch said happily as she looked at her arm, which was bent at a weird angle.</p>

      <p>In a battle for supremacy, having an arm crushed was definitely not something to just be laughed off. It would have been a large enough amount of damage to decide the fight right then and there. Yet Benetnasch simply forced her broken arm back into its normal position, and it started moving like nothing had ever happened.</p>

      <p><em>Is that just a vampire’s regeneration? No, it’s too fast. Hmm, I think it’d be best to assume she has some sort of effect on her clothing that helps her regeneration. </em>Still, it was a huge thing to know that her arm would still be broken by something like that. No matter how fast her recovery was, her max HP wasn’t exactly high. I was on top in both power and toughness.</p>

      <p>“Still, this attack is nothing, coming from you. I’m not too happy about you holding back on me.” Benetnasch sounded a little unsatisfied as she glared at me.</p>

      <p><em>Holding back, huh...? Well, it’s true that I didn’t add any skills to that, and I wasn’t buffed with heaven-arts either. </em>While I would say yes if I were asked whether or not I’d used my full strength, it was still true that I wasn’t going all out. Even though I hadn’t added any buffs or skills, I had still kicked her for real. It had been the same during my fight with the Devil King. I’d been fighting seriously, but my opponent had thought I was holding back. This meant that the Lufas from two hundred years ago was still stronger... If Benetnasch had equaled Lufas in strength two hundred years ago, that would mean this situation was really dangerous for me.</p>

      <p><em>I guess I won’t have the room to take it easy, huh...?</em></p>

      <p>I buffed myself with heaven-arts, but Benetnasch activated her stat-boosting skills in response.</p>

      <p>“Next, let’s see how long you can afford to hold back!”</p>

      <p>“It’s not like We were really trying to, though.”</p>

      <p>Once again, Benetnasch flew at me, but this time it was a little faster than before.</p>

      <p><em>So fast! </em>Even I could only track her movement for a moment, so I just managed to know that the attack was coming. I managed to react and guarded in time, and I felt a heavy shockwave come through my arms. I tried to counterattack, but Benetnasch was already gone.</p>

      <p>By the time I thought I saw a silver flash, I’d already been assaulted with a shockwave from behind. I somehow managed to use my wings to block. <em>Crap... I can’t see her!</em> I was clearly stuck on the defensive.</p>

      <p>The silver flash kept coming, and I was assaulted from all directions, but I somehow managed to defend myself from all of it. I wanted to counterattack, but I couldn’t even find her, so there was nothing I could do. I was barely managing to see her afterimages, so I was capable of defense, but I couldn’t win that way.</p>

      <p><em>Then there’s only one thing to do.</em></p>

      <p>I predicted the next attack and threw out a punch while discarding all thought of defense, trying to take her down with me. My fist connected with Benetnasch’s face. Her attack hit my cheek at the same time, but my power trumped hers. While I bent backward slightly, Benetnasch was blown backward as if she weighed nothing, and her beautiful face was wet with blood. She was laughing fiercely though, and she jumped right at me again while her wounds were still regenerating.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, come on... Wouldn’t you normally hesitate for a bit after that?</em></p>

      <p>Not caring at all that she’d been countered, she continued her attack on me.</p>

      <p>While I was being pushed back by her, I was reminded of the arena fight between the two monsters I’d witnessed earlier. <em>That wolverine-like monster... It was a havarin, right? That thing also fearlessly challenged a monster with better stats and body build than it, and it even won. Nothing’s scarier in a fight than someone with no fear.</em></p>

      <p>Not faltering meant they didn’t care about their own safety, and that was hard to deal with. It was a lot like the saying “cowards live longer.” I wasn’t denying that. In fact, it was probably the truth. Being daring and resolute sounded nice, but it also basically meant completely ignoring one’s self-preservation instincts. There was no way for anyone like that to live long. However, the ones with no fear were the scariest once the fight started.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch was exactly that type. She was, without a doubt, betting everything on this single fight. It hadn’t been an exaggeration when she had said that she’d been waiting for two hundred years. She thought it’d be fine if she died here. Even if I managed to inflict a wound that would be with her all her life, she wouldn’t care because she was already fine with dying. She was going to keep going until one of us was dead. That was the entire reason why she’d brought us here.</p>

      <p><em>She’s definitely the strongest one I’ve fought so far...</em></p>

      <p>“Transmute: Winter of Swords!”</p>

      <p>I used alchemy to form a sword and stabbed it into the ground. Countless swords spawned from the ground, turning into an inescapable area attack towards Benetnasch. I didn’t expect to defeat Benetnasch with just that attack, of course, but being able to control how she moved would be useful. Trying to wind her way through the swords would slow her down, and if she tried to break the swords in her path, then I’d be able to see her as well.</p>

      <p>But she did neither of those things. I couldn’t see Benetnasch in the crowd of swords at all, so there was only one answer. I jumped without any confirmation of my hunch, managing to tackle Benetnasch in midair just as she was about to assault me from above. Attacking me from the ground would have been more difficult because of all the swords, which meant that attacking from above was much easier.</p>

      <p>“Hah!”</p>

      <p>I grabbed Benetnasch’s arm and slammed a kick into her soft belly. At the same time, I slammed my elbow into her back, scissoring her between my knee and elbow. Blood came out of Benetnasch’s mouth, and I flew away, carrying some guilt with me.</p>

      <p>I broke through the ceiling and rose up into the sky. Once I was high enough that Mjolnir’s buildings looked like small specks, I dove down. Using my downward momentum, I threw her onto the ground far away from the city, and I followed up with a skill.</p>

      <p>“Transmute: Hrungnir’s Right Arm!”</p>

      <p>Sand and rocks swirled up from the ground, rising up above the clouds. When I swung down my arm, the cloud parted, giving way to a gigantic fist. The gigantic fist had been made with an Alchemist’s skill, and it weighed several dozen tons. It mercilessly crashed into Benetnasch, emitting a loud sound and caving in the ground.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>The attack ended, and I looked over at the giant fist I’d made.</p>

      <p><em>How was that? Did that attack end it? Or maybe I went too far? It’d be nice if she just got knocked out from this.</em></p>

      <p>My hopes were easily dashed as the giant fist grew cracks. It was obvious who was making those cracks. Eventually, the fist completely broke down, and the silver-haired Vampire Princess flew out of it, stopping in front of me.</p>

      <p><em>It looks like it did something...but she’s still smiling.</em></p>

      <p>“As I thought. That was quite the attack, but you’re still being kind. Am I not worth getting serious over? Or...” Benetnasch’s eyes glinted dangerously, and her laugh exposed her fangs.</p>

      <p><em>Crap. I have a bad feeling about this.</em></p>

      <p>“If I get serious first, will you finally get in the mood?”</p>

      <p><em>Yep. There it is. The “I wasn’t going all-out” declaration. I kinda felt like that was the case. Dammit.</em></p>

      <h1>5</h1>

      <p>The pressure I felt from Benetnasch increased. I reflexively broke out in a cold sweat, and I understood that I was being overpowered. <em>Damn, this is no joke. To think that I, who usually pressures other people, am getting affected by pressure myself.</em></p>

      <p>Benetnasch’s silver hair waved in the wind, and thunder sounded. As if in response, the dark clouds that had been covering the skies cleared away, and moonlight shone over all of Mjolnir. Normally, Mjolnir was covered in Benetnasch’s magic which shut out the rays of the sun, but now that she’d gotten serious, that magic had probably gotten canceled. This meant that the mana she’d been using on the spell until now had returned to her, and even worse...tonight was a full moon.</p>

      <p>In other words, Benetnasch was now being buffed by the full moon on top of having gotten some of her strength back. In the game, vampires being strongest under a full moon was just lore; a “full moon” didn’t exist in the game in the first place. Nighttime always revealed a crescent moon in the game, showing off how many corners the devs had cut, but here, everything that’d just been lore actually had an effect.</p>

      <p>The waves of magic power I could feel rolling off Benetnasch got stronger, and it didn’t end there.</p>

      <p>“I’m thankful to you, Maphaahl. If I hadn’t met you, I probably wouldn’t have been able to come this far. So, this is the greatest show of respect I can give you.”</p>

      <p><em>No, this is quite enough. I don’t need any more. Please, spare me. </em>But there was no way I could put such pitiful thoughts into words, and once again, I cursed this body’s speech patterns. <em>Come on, at least let me complain.</em></p>

      <p>“If you won’t get serious, then that’s fine. That just means I haven’t made you feel like it yet. So I’ll show you what I have first. This is what you showed me long ago, the world beyond level 1000!” Benetnasch said as her silver hair started to shine.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? No, wait. Seriously, wait a second. Level 1000 is the hard limit of this world, right?</em> At the very least, level 1000 was the limit to my knowledge, and any extra strength beyond that had to be achieved with stat-boosting items. But of course, Benetnasch wasn’t talking about that.</p>

      <p>“HAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!” Benetnasch shrieked.</p>

      <p>The pressure she gave off multiplied explosively, and her whole body started to glow silver. A storm started to brew with her at the center. The earth shook, and it was as if Mizgarz itself were quaking in fear. Finally, the ground itself cracked, and all the clouds were erased. However, even without the clouds, the lightning didn’t stop. The magic power flowing out of her in waves was messing with the surrounding mana in the area, probably changing it. Eventually the storm subsided, only leaving Benetnasch, still enveloped in silver light.</p>

      <p>I already felt like I couldn’t keep up with Benetnasch, and now she had even more power. Her silver hair glowed.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, crap. I can’t see her stats, but I can still tell this is bad. She’s gotten a power-up that’s somehow worse than the Goddess’s buff. The hell? She’s a monster.</em></p>

      <p>“Now, let’s do this!” Benetnasch said before she disappeared.</p>

      <p>Alarmingly, at the same time, I felt a shock as if I’d been punched by something, and my point of view quickly started to shift forwards. The way I felt it, the pain came before I realized I was punched. I was blown so far that, for a second, I couldn’t see Mjolnir anymore, but I managed to put on the brakes and made an emergency landing. Even so, I still couldn’t see Benetnasch at all.</p>

      <p>My internal clock was already being compressed. It was clear that my perception of time was still different. Even so, I still couldn’t see her. I couldn’t even catch any afterimages. <em>Does that mean that just like how I see everything stopped, she sees me as stopped too?!</em></p>

      <p>“Gah—haggh?!”</p>

      <p>The next hit was to my stomach. I was assaulted by another shock, and the pain was so intense I almost felt like I’d been pierced through. But I saw no sign of Benetnasch, and like a fool, I could do nothing but prepare for the next hit.</p>

      <p><em>Dammit... Every fight’s been easy since I started inhabiting this body. </em>Sure, I may have had to put in a little work sometimes, but none of them had actually been a hard fight. But now, I had lost sight of my enemy. It was like I was a punching bag. Unable to keep up with Benetnasch’s speed, I had realized that she’d shifted into a higher gear, a smaller frame of time.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t even aim for a counter to bring her down with me. At this point, I couldn’t even tell where she’d come from. Even so, I couldn’t just allow myself to be killed so one-sidedly. <em>This time, I’m going to predict how she’ll move!</em></p>

      <p>“Transmute: Winter of Swords!”</p>

      <p>Countless blades sprung up from the ground, limiting Benetnasch’s movement. <em>Now, with this...</em></p>

      <p>I was shocked to find out my plan was too short-sighted, and I was made to come to the painful realization that the gap between us was so wide that such small tricks wouldn’t work. Of all things, all the blades in front of me were shattered at once, and Benetnasch, accompanied by silver lightning, punched me flying before I could even put my guard up. I didn’t even have time to right myself before she caught up, continuing to hit me in the stomach, then back, jaw, and flank. The force from the hits assaulted me one after the other.</p>

      <p><em>This is bad. There’s no way. She’s too strong and too fast.</em></p>

      <p>At the moment, I couldn’t even tell if I was being punched, kicked, or even hit with magic. The only thing I understood was that I was being beaten like a punching bag.</p>

      <p><em>Now, this is just broken. I mean, what the heck even is the world beyond level 1000? I have no idea what that even means! Still, she’s seriously strong.</em></p>

      <p><em>Oh look. I got hit again.</em> This time, it was my shoulder. I was slammed to the ground, and I could feel a magic spell hit my back.</p>

      <p><em>I heard over and over again that she was strong, and to be honest, I’m stumped. I never thought she’d be </em>this<em> strong. She’d always been on a different level from everyone else, even when I first met her. I guess this is the result of meeting me and aiming even higher. This is great. I love it.</em></p>

      <p><em>Hmm...? No, no. The hell does “when I first met her,” mean? That’s not me. That’s Lufas. Oh no. I’m losing consciousness thanks to all the hits I took. My memories are getting all jumbled up, and even I can tell I’m confused.</em></p>

      <p>Strangely, I didn’t feel panicked or annoyed. In fact, I was filled with respect and joy.</p>

      <p><em>Well done getting this strong. It’s amazing that you polished yourself this diligently. Seriously, you’re amazing. Honestly, I can only bow to you. Getting this strong must have taken an incredible amount of effort.</em></p>

      <p>That was why We were already laughing before We realized it. This situation was too fun for us not to.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, seriously... I’m so happy, Benet. Well done climbing this high.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>The aura Lufas let off changed. Benetnasch felt it keenly, and she stopped attacking and put some distance between them. Up until now, she’d been attacking one-sidedly, but she’d never once thought she had the upper hand. After all, she knew that Lufas Maphaahl’s true strength was nothing like what she’d shown so far. The enemy and rival that Benetnasch had wanted, feared, loved, and chased after could never be so weak. That was why she was so sure that Lufas would definitely show herself... And she finally had.</p>

      <p>“You’re here...!”</p>

      <p>“Hmm...”</p>

      <p>Lufas’s composed smile never broke as she stood up and gave Benetnasch a look before moving on to her surroundings. She moved as if she were looking at something nostalgic, which gave Benetnasch some pause before she quickly gave up thinking about it.</p>

      <p><em>The important thing is the present and everything that is here. Lufas is finally getting serious... I’m fine with just that.</em></p>

      <p>“So it really was you. We knew you would be the one to wake us up.”</p>

      <p>“What...?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, don’t worry about it. We’re just a little drowsy. We have been half-asleep up until now. Well, We expected all this, though.”</p>

      <p>Lufas took a step forward. Following her lead, Benetnasch unconsciously took a step back, and she realized she was afraid of Lufas.</p>

      <p><em>That’s right... This is the real Lufas Maphaahl, the only one I respect and my feared enemy. She, Lufas Maphaahl, has to be like this, </em>Benetnasch strongly reminded herself. She took a step forward as if to make up for the one she’d taken back.</p>

      <p>“Thanks to you, We are awake. That was a bit too extreme for a wake-up call, but it was perfect for us. We believed that you would be the one to smack us awake. That means it was worth coming here.” Lufas giggled as she extended her black wings. “We can’t do this with Aries or Scorpius. They’re excellent in their own way, but We’d be able to deal with them even while half asleep.” Lufas paused. “We have to give you our thanks, Benet.”</p>

      <p>Lufas gathered mana in both her hands. Both divine power and magic power circulated around her equally as she gathered more and more power.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no doubt. Right now, Lufas is totally in the mood to go.</em></p>

      <p>The Black-Winged Conqueror, who once ruled the world two hundred years ago, overcame time to finally stand before Benetnasch. Her joy at that fact had Benetnasch’s mouth curving upwards, and she once again ran off at almost the speed of light.</p>

      <p>“AAAAAAAAARRGGHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>With a war cry, Benetnasch charged at Lufas at her maximum speed and with all the strength she had. This assault was nothing like how she’d been acting until now, trying to get a sense of what was up. Benetnasch was now focusing everything she had on this attack.</p>

      <p>A normal person wouldn’t even have been able to recognize they’d been attacked, let alone spot her before they died. Her strike occurred at basically the speed of light. The attack she’d used had once destroyed an entire continent, along with the monsters and devilfolk on it. Benetnasch didn’t hesitate to unleash that attack again, and after a moment’s delay, a shockwave dissipated behind Lufas.</p>

      <p>The ground was gouged out and turned into a wasteland. The forest that had been behind her was completely destroyed, not a single trace left behind. Both the sea and the sky split, and even then, the wave of force didn’t stop as it split the atmosphere too. Mizgarz wasn’t the only casualty of Benetnasch’s attack either. A single asteroid of around five kilometers in diameter that happened to have been close to Mizgarz suddenly and without any warning cracked, caving in on itself. After a few seconds, it completely disintegrated, turning into nothing but space dust.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch’s attack literally destroyed a heavenly body, of all things. Her strike was transcendent, fitting of the strongest of the Seven Heroes. But the Vampire Princess’ all-out strike, which could even destroy an asteroid, was stopped by just the tip of Lufas’s finger.</p>

      <p>The ground and even an asteroid behind Lufas looked as disastrous as if they’d been hit directly, but the fingertip that’d taken the full brunt of Benetnasch’s strike wasn’t wounded at all. In fact, the attack hadn’t even broken through a single layer of skin.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch froze for an instant, but she quickly moved on to her second attack.</p>

      <p><em>I knew this would happen. I expected it. Predicted it, even. Yeah, my opponent is none other than Lufas Maphaahl. She’s the only one to ever surpass me and the ultimate being, so it’s only natural that she can do this much. It’s a matter of course. She’s a wall so high I can’t see over it. That’s exactly why she’s so worthy of overcoming. She’s worthy of challenging!</em></p>

      <p>“WOOOOOOAAAAARRGGHH!!!”</p>

      <p><em>Stronger, faster, sharper!</em> The attacks Benetnasch unleashed with her magic-infused claws were like a storm. Yet every single one of them was stopped by Lufas, and Benetnasch wasn’t able to hurt her even once.</p>

      <p>Lufas smiled kindly and raised her hand to Benetnasch’s forehead. She flicked.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch received a shock strong enough for her to believe her head had been snapped right off for a moment as she was blown backwards. The scenery passed by her in an instant, and suddenly Benetnasch saw the ocean and then land again. That was when Benetnasch finally flipped in midair and landed...and she realized that just that attack had forced her clean across the ocean and onto another continent.</p>

      <p><em>What a huge gap in power... It’s like this even under a full moon?!</em> Benetnasch wiped the blood flowing from her forehead, and her mouth twisted upwards in a crazed laugh.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve waited for so long...so long I almost got tired of it. She’s worth surpassing. She’s worth challenging. This isn’t some fight where I’m guaranteed to win, so a victory is nothing special. I don’t know if I can win this one... No, it’s more like I have almost no chance of winning, so I’m challenging a tough enemy with all my strength.</em></p>

      <p><em>Now this is a true fight! A true challenge! Right now, I’m experiencing firsthand what it’s like to be a challenger, an underdog. Sure, I’m frustrated. But more than that, I’m happy. The opponent I’ve set my sights on really is incredible. And that fact brings me such bliss.</em></p>

      <p>Those feelings were exactly why Benetnasch didn’t falter at all. She kicked off the ground, just that causing it to crack, as she headed back to where her long awaited enemy was waiting.</p>

      <p>Seeing that, Lufas praised Benetnasch. “As expected. You didn’t lose your nerve.”</p>

      <p>“What a foolish notion. Of course not. If I’d lost my nerve from that, I wouldn’t have challenged you in the first place.”</p>

      <p>Lufas thought fondly of Benetnasch’s unending spirit as she looked over her own stats.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Lufas Maphaahl</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 3000</p>

      <p>【Race】: Heaven-Winged</p>

      <p>【Class Levels】:</p>

      <p>・Warrior: 200</p>

      <p>・Swordmaster: 200</p>

      <p>・Grappler: 200</p>

      <p>・Champion: 200</p>

      <p>・Monster Tamer: 200</p>

      <p>・Alchemist: 200</p>

      <p>・Ranger: 200</p>

      <p>・Strider: 200</p>

      <p>・Acolyte: 200</p>

      <p>・Priest: 200</p>

      <p>・Esper: 200</p>

      <p>・Psychicer: 200</p>

      <p>・Mage: 200</p>

      <p>・Sorcerer: 200</p>

      <p>・The Archenemy: 200</p>

      <p>【HP】: 1805000</p>

      <p>【SP】: 72290</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 46600</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 29250</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 40900</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 34900</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 42334</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 34650</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 27840</p>

      <p>【Equipment】:</p>

      <p>・Head: —</p>

      <p>・Right arm: —</p>

      <p>・Left arm: —</p>

      <p>・Body: Queen of Heaven’s Dress (Status condition nullification, HP regeneration)</p>

      <p>・Legs: Swift Horse Boots (Field movement speed up)</p>

      <p>・Other: Cloak of Seven Days (Halve all elemental damage)<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Eighty... No, seventy percent, huh?</em> After confirming her own stats, Lufas realized that she was still far from being fully recovered. <em>Still, this should be enough to fight Benetnasch.</em></p>

      <p>In this world, level 1000 was normally the limit for people. That was the absolute rule set by the Goddess. As long as her rules were obeyed, there was no way to rise above that limit. Lufas had managed to surpass that limitation, which meant that she had surpassed the restrictions the Goddess had made for the world. That ability was not limited to Lufas alone. Benetnasch had done so as well, coming close to Lufas’s level. And for Lufas, that was something to be happy about.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Vampire Princess Benetnasch</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 1500</p>

      <p>【Race】: Vampire</p>

      <p>【Class Levels】:</p>

      <p>・Grappler: 200</p>

      <p>・Champion: 200</p>

      <p>・Assassin: 200</p>

      <p>・Strider: 400</p>

      <p>・Mage: 200</p>

      <p>・Sorcerer: 200</p>

      <p>・Necromancer: 100</p>

      <p>【HP】: 705000</p>

      <p>【SP】: 31430</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 26112</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 10787</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 14305</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 14318</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 42001</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 11295</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 10282</p>

      <p>【Equipment】:</p>

      <p>・Head: Moon Tiara (HP regeneration)</p>

      <p>・Right arm: Claws of the Plunderer (Steals target’s HP on hit)</p>

      <p>・Left arm: Claws of the Plunderer (Steals target’s HP on hit)</p>

      <p>・Body: Garments of the Immortal (HP regeneration)</p>

      <p>・Legs: Silhouette of Black Shadow (Double evasion rate)</p>

      <p>・Other: Cloak of Moonlit Night (Double HP regeneration speed during nighttime, ※Equippable only for vampires)<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Seeing Benetnasch’s stats, Lufas felt true admiration, not scorn. While her stats couldn’t be compared to Lufas’s, she’d still managed to free herself from the limits set by the Goddess. And even though she was being supported by the full moon, her combat ability could only be described as superb.</p>

      <p>It was understandable that the devilfolk weren’t able to get past her. There was no way those who were still bound by the Goddess’s rules would be able to face Benetnasch, who’d surpassed those rules. Benetnasch was now also qualified. She’d obtained the right to challenge the Goddess.</p>

      <p><em>Still, she won’t be able to win against me, and I don’t feel like allowing her to win just yet either. But simply defeating her when she’s waited so admirably and earnestly these two hundred years would be too pitiful. There wouldn’t be any reward in it. It’d be way too rude to delay our date all this time and not even give her a present for it.</em></p>

      <p><em>There’s only one thing for us to do, and that’s to use all my might to mercilessly and relentlessly beat her until there’s nothing left. I won’t resort to any petty tricks like my Pressure. She’d probably be able to ignore skills like that, but her movements should still be dulled if I use it. Winning like that would be just too boorish... It wouldn’t make for a good reward for her.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’m going to accept all that Benetnasch can put out and overwhelm her anyway. That will serve as the best thanks, the best show of my respect, and the best present to her.</em></p>

      <p>“Be proud, Benet. You are worthy of our best. Thus, We will need a weapon worthy of you.”</p>

      <p>Lufas paid Benetnasch a sincere compliment as she raised her hand. Both divine power and magic mixed together inside it. The two different powers clashed, warping the world created by the Goddess and ripping a hole in it. The hole in the world became a gate, and it temporarily connected two different places, effectively making their distance nothing.</p>

      <p>“Come, my weapon, through this Exgate.”</p>

      <p>It was a summoning by the Conqueror. Responding to that, Maphaahl Tower, which rose high into the sky in a faraway land, started to rumble.</p>

      <h1>6</h1>

      <p>The many arms and armor Lufas had retrieved from her grave were stored in Maphaahl Tower, and they could only reach Lufas’s hand through Dina, who could use Exgate. At least, that was what Lufas herself had thought up until now, and it’d been true. However, she had just overturned that preconception.</p>

      <p>Using the Exgate she herself had made, Lufas managed to summon her weapon without going through Dina. The weapon she summoned was a set of twin swords consisting of an unrefined-looking sword that emanated power and an elegant and refined short sword. The two of them looked rather mismatched, but they were also reminiscent of the pairing of a man and a woman.</p>

      <p>“This is Lifthrasir, the mythical sword said to be able to survive even if the world itself ends. Small fry aren’t worth using this on, but this sword will happily lend me its power to face you.”</p>

      <p>“Nothing will come of this much praise, you know.”</p>

      <p>“It was an honest compliment. Just take it.”</p>

      <p>Lufas swung her sword even though they weren’t close enough for it to land a hit. Of course, Benetnasch wasn’t stupid enough to simply wonder what the hell she was doing. Common sense had no place in a fight of this level; in fact, it wouldn’t be too much to say that whoever managed to flout common sense the most would decide the battle.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch quickly flew out of the way. Not long afterwards, the ground split, and the slash that Lufas had launched cleared Mizgarz and traveled far into space, eventually bisecting an asteroid. However, the two combatants had no way of knowing of any secondary casualties that happened in the depths of space.</p>

      <p>Lufas and Benetnasch both kicked off the ground at the same time, their clash in the middle whipping up violent winds. Benetnasch’s claws and Lufas’s short sword met, but Benetnasch quickly lost that contest of power and was thrown backwards. She hurriedly got back up, though, and held her arm out in front of her, palm facing outward.</p>

      <p>“Luna Shooter!”</p>

      <p>“Sol Bullet!”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch unleashed a torrent of darkness from her palm, which was canceled out by a white ball of light shot from Lufas’s finger. The two spells became a pillar of black and white that stretched to the heavens, both eating at each other in a spiral as they raged upwards into the sky. The two spells were even in terms of power, but the magic that Benetnasch had used, Luna Shooter, was a high-ranking Moon element spell which used an enormous amount of mana to overwhelm and kill the target. It was one of her trump cards. On the other hand, Lufas had used Sol Bullet, which was a basic Sun element attack spell. Her spell was of a much lower tier. The fact that Lufas and Benetnasch were even in power showed the difference in their magic abilities.</p>

      <p>On top of that, the clash didn’t last long. Lufas slashed through both spells as she flew forward. Seeing that, Benetnasch couldn’t help but click her tongue.<em> What an annoying sword.</em></p>

      <p>The sword Lufas wielded—the twin swords Lifthrasir—was one of many in her collection. The demon sword, Lif, was the longer one, and it was capable of cutting apart heaven-arts and reaching the enemy through any barrier. The heaven sword, Thrasir, was the shorter one, and it was capable of cutting magic itself, giving the wielder strong anti-magic capabilities. Benetnasch couldn’t use heaven-arts in the first place, so Lif was pretty much completely unnecessary for fighting her, though the silver lining was that it was still a sharp sword regardless.</p>

      <p>Of course, both swords were originally a single sword, and when they were combined in their true form, they were able to cut through both magic and heaven-arts alike. However, Lufas had never seen nor heard of that ability as long as she’d been using the swords, so as of yet, this remained the stuff of legend. If Benetnasch were asked whether or not that fact made her feel better, the answer would’ve been no. After all, it was Lufas, the strongest being in Mizgarz, who was using the swords. In her hands, even a simple knife would overcome a legendary weapon used by anyone else, and now she herself had a legendary weapon. It would be easy to imagine the increase in her power and threat level.</p>

      <p>“Haaarrggghhhh!”</p>

      <p>With a loud war cry, Benetnasch turned into a silver flash. She paid her creaking joints no heed as she threw out attacks from all directions, surpassing her own limits.</p>

      <p>Lufas’s expression remained detestably cool as she parried each strike with her blades. She never even got scratched. In fact, Benetnasch was the one who easily lost an arm from Lufas’s light counter.</p>

      <p>After a moment of silent shock, Benetnasch quickly grabbed her severed arm and pushed it back onto her stump, forcing it to regenerate. Then, with no sign of faltering, she charged in from the front, throwing some of her own blood, which had gotten on her palm, to try to blind Lufas.</p>

      <p>Without missing a beat, Benetnasch circled behind Lufas and stabbed her arm out, aiming for Lufas’s heart. That attack didn’t land either. Lufas had brought her sword behind her to block without even bothering to turn around. On top of that, she spun in place and used the centrifugal force to kick Benetnasch’s chest.</p>

      <p>Several of Benetnasch’s ribs broke with a cracking sound, and blood leaked out from her mouth. Even then, she didn’t falter. After barely managing to stop in midair, she stuck her palm out in front of her and started to rain down magic. Every single shot was a dense bullet of mana capable of erasing a town by itself, and Benetnasch didn’t hold back as she unleashed several hundred—no, several thousand—bullets. The magic bullets rained down mercilessly, causing several pillars of light that stretched up to the heavens.</p>

      <p>Even then, Lufas was unhurt. She flew out of the cloud of dust and dirt, cutting apart the magic bullets before arriving in front of Benetnasch. Lufas didn’t hesitate before cutting Benetnasch in two at the waist, sword flashing!</p>

      <p>“Don’t you dare underestimate meeeee!”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch still managed to counterattack in that state, landing a direct hit on Lufas with a magic bullet. Furthermore, Benetnasch had pretty much surpassed the territory of mere tenacity and now had something more like a deep-seated grudge.</p>

      <p>Her lower half started moving on its own even after it had been disconnected from Benetnasch’s brain and began to kick Lufas. Lufas’s eyes widened into saucers in surprise as she was kicked away. Using that opportunity, Benetnasch reattached her upper half and lower half, but the damage was still telling, and she sank to one knee.</p>

      <p>“No... Not like this...!”</p>

      <p><em>I know no pain. I know no damage! I’ve decided that this fight will continue until one of us dies!</em></p>

      <p>This fight was something Benetnasch had wanted her entire life. She couldn’t allow herself to collapse like this, unable to do anything. She couldn’t allow herself to stop.</p>

      <p>“As if this’ll STOP MEEEEEE!” Benetnasch charged forward, rushing Lufas with a fierce attack without waiting for her regeneration to finish.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch’s attacks were by no means slow. They weren’t weak or dull either. In fact, they were fast enough, strong enough, and sharp enough to be incomparable to anyone else in Mizgarz. Each blow she threw would have instantly killed someone of the Seven Luminaries’ level. The series of blows would have even put someone of the Twelve Heavenly Stars’ level in checkmate. There was no doubt Benetnasch was the strongest of the Seven Heroes, and one of the strongest people in Mizgarz, right up there with the Devil King.</p>

      <p>But Lufas easily dealt with all of her attacks, and the kick she threw out as a counter snapped Benetnasch’s neck. The Vampire Princess regenerated as she tumbled along the ground, and though she got up immediately, her breathing was ragged. She was clearly being worn down.</p>

      <p><em>Dammit! I knew this, but she’s so far...! Am I seriously unable to even fight evenly with her, let alone win?!</em> Benetnasch was happy that her rival was so strong. That aside though, her loss was inevitable if she couldn’t figure out a viable course of action.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch had picked this fight fully prepared to lose, but being prepared to lose was very different from wanting to lose. Her greatest wish, after all, was to win and surpass Lufas. The gears were desperately turning in Benetnasch’s head as she tried to find a way to grasp victory. At this point, she wasn’t going to fuss about using underhanded or unfair tricks. In the end, winning was everything. Whether it was blinding, deceiving, or ambushing, everything was on the table as long as it was viable. At this point, Benetnasch wasn’t going to be picky about how she won; her opponent wasn’t someone whom she could afford to care about things like that while fighting.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t care if it’s ugly, dirty, or unsightly. If I can win, there’ll be no greater treasure.</em></p>

      <p><b>&lt;&lt;</b>Then I shall grant that wish.<b>&gt;&gt;</b></p>

      <p><em>Badump</em>.<em> </em>Benetnasch’s heart leapt.<em> </em>A voice resounded in the back of her mind that she shouldn’t have known but still seemed familiar somehow as something started to flow into her. That something was power. It was the exact thing she’d been wishing for, something to close the gap between her and Lufas.</p>

      <p><b>&lt;&lt;</b>This is what you wished for, isn’t it? To claim victory over her? Then I will become your power. You might be able to accomplish exactly what you wished for.<b>&gt;&gt;</b></p>

      <p>For a moment, Benetnasch could have sworn she saw a beautiful blue-haired woman in a dress. She saw the woman’s strangely comforting smile and thought she witnessed the woman hugging her. That was when she felt it. Divine power overflowed from Benetnasch’s entire body, and she was filled with power.</p>

      <p><em>I see. So it’s this. This was it. This is the secret that allowed the Heroes to defeat Lufas back then. I always thought it was weird. I’ve wondered how they managed to win with the gap in power this huge for so long, but now I understand. This power would certainly make victory possible. Not to mention that if I were the one with this power, I’d probably be able to face Lufas one-on-one.</em></p>

      <p><em>With this... With this power, I can fight.</em></p>

      <p>Benetnasch smiled as she opened her mouth. “You’re in the way. Get lost.”</p>

      <p>The surprise of the owner of the voice was communicated to Benetnasch, but she had no idea why the woman was so surprised, and neither did she want to know.</p>

      <p><em>This fight is mine and mine alone. This is something I’m going to continue by myself. It doesn’t matter whether victory or defeat, life or death awaits me. Everything that happens is mine alone. I’ll never share even a millimeter of it with anyone else.</em></p>

      <p><em>What the hell kind of misunderstanding does that dumbass bitch have? Did she seriously think I’d be happy having that done to me? Did she seriously think I’d get on my knees like an idiot and pray something stupid like “Ah, my Goddess, thank you”?</em></p>

      <p><em>Know your damn place. There’s a limit to how shameless and nosy you can be. No one asked you to come here. You aren’t needed. Did you ever actually hear anyone calling for your help? Just when did I ask someone like you to help me?! Honestly, it’s deeply irritating having you go around the place acting like some sort of merciful goddess, flinging your shit everywhere. Don’t touch me, you hypocrite. The only one who’s allowed to touch me right now is her.</em></p>

      <p>“Did you not hear me? I told you to get lost, you third-rate playwright!”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch screamed, and her body started to effuse a silver light. The power that had been filling her body disappeared, the divine power bouncing off of her.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t need it. I don’t need this fake power. I don’t want to be part of your plot.</em></p>

      <p><em>It’s true that I want to beat Lufas so much I could die, but I’d rather die than win with borrowed power. It wouldn’t be my victory if I did that in the first place. If I won using that power, it would just be the victory of someone who borrowed the Goddess’s power in the end. It wouldn’t even necessarily have to be me.</em></p>

      <p><em>Sure, I thought I wanted to win no matter what dirty trick I had to play. I wished to surpass her, no matter how miserable I would seem, but I don’t want to win with someone else’s power, especially if I have to lower myself to be their puppet in order to have it! That’s right. This is my fight. This stage is only for Lufas and me. As if I’d let anyone else up on this stage. I’ll even kick the Goddess off into the spectator seats. The only thing you’re allowed to do is watch. Just sit there and let me work, you inappropriate goddess.</em></p>

      <p>“Sorry for making you wait... Now, let’s continue our fight. I won’t let anyone else get in the way.”</p>

      <p>Lufas said nothing, merely watching Benetnasch, who gave her a quizzical look.</p>

      <p>“What’s with that dumb look, Maphaahl?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing... We just thought you were amazing. We’ve never respected anyone as much as you at this moment, Benet.”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch’s eyes widened, and she broke out into a laugh. “What? You’re saying that now? I’ve always been great. If I weren’t, I wouldn’t have been able to name myself as your fated enemy and rival.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, that’s true, isn’t it? You surely are worthy of being our fated enemy and rival. We keep being reminded of that.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>