<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_8">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Aries’s body immediately swelled with power. It wasn’t added power, like the effect of heaven-arts. It felt like his base stats had grown explosively. Aries looked around and noticed that everyone other than Libra, such as Castor and Aigokeros, were looking at their bodies and seemed surprised.</p>

      <p><em>Could this be...? </em>Aries thought as he looked over to everyone else for confirmation.</p>

      <p>“Um, it feels like my level suddenly went up...”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Me too.”</p>

      <p>The change had happened to all the Twelve Stars other than Libra and Leon, which could only mean one thing.</p>

      <p>“Ah, looks like Lady Lufas is finally serious. Good work, tiny vampire,” Scorpius said, delighted.</p>

      <p>That in itself answered the mystery of the current changes. The Twelve Heavenly Stars were all limited to level 800 with the exception of Libra, who had been created by Mizar. That limit was because of Lufas’s skill limits as a Monster Tamer as well as her combined level of 1000. As long as her class level remained at 100, this wouldn’t change. But if their levels had changed, that meant one thing—there’d been a change in Lufas’s level.</p>

      <p>The level limit was 1000. This was the ceiling set by the Goddess, and thus common sense in this world. However, Lufas had long overcome that wall, and if she were to go all out, her level would jump to over 4000. All the Twelve Heavenly Stars knew this. Thus, when Lufas got serious and only then, the level limits of the Twelve Stars were raised, and they were able to return to their original strengths.</p>

      <p>“We’ve won,” Libra said confidently, and the rest of them all expressed their agreement.</p>

      <p>Apparently Benetnasch had put up quite the fight. She’d gone too far and had forced their master to get serious. But now, the fight was over. At this moment, the battle had been decided. No one could stand against Lufas Maphaahl once she’d decided to go all out. If a person really wanted to win, they’d need at least one or two full-on dragons. At least, that was what Lufas herself had once told Parthenos. It wasn’t even a bluff, and the fact that she was serious showed just how overwhelmingly powerful Lufas was.</p>

      <p>“W-With this, M E will have a role too...” Karkinos said, still having not gotten up.</p>

      <p>The rest of the group all shot him down at once, though. Even Dina took the trouble to pop her head out of a gap in space just to pile on, saying, “Even if the tank goes up in level, they won’t exactly get more things to do.”</p>

      <p>Dejected, Karkinos’s head drooped. The rest of the group left him alone as they looked up at Leon and took up fighting stances.</p>

      <p>“You understand, right, Aries? Right now, our power is at its maximum, but this won’t last for long.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Now that Miss Lufas is going all-out, the fight won’t last long... It wouldn’t be weird if the fight was settled in the next second.”</p>

      <p>Lufas’s fighting style, while serious, surpassed a normal person’s understanding. The time she experienced was compressed to the limit, since the fight would be conducted at incredible speeds. She would ratchet up her gears, shifting her experience of time up by several stages and leaving everything else in the world behind. It would have been easy for her to exchange several dozen rounds of attacking and defending in an instant.</p>

      <p>In other words, it was entirely possible for a serious Lufas to completely annihilate her enemy in a single second before releasing her serious mode. That was just how strong and fast she was. It was enough that the word “fight” would no longer apply. The only one who could last at least several seconds under those conditions was Benetnasch. But unfortunately, even Benetnasch was no match in the end. It wasn’t as if Benetnasch was particularly weak. It was just that Lufas was so incredibly strong.</p>

      <p>“Go, Aries! Hit him with everything you’ve got!”</p>

      <p>Sagittarius unleashed an arrow, and Aries grabbed onto it. The next moment, Aries had teleported directly above Leon, his fist wrapped in flames.</p>

      <p>Aigokeros and Castor used magic to hinder Leon’s movements, and Libra commenced support fire to disorient Leon. Scorpius also wrapped her tail around Leon’s leg, and the crab who once thought he had nothing to do suddenly seemed to have hit some sort of inspiration as he activated a skill.</p>

      <p>“Accept this, Aries! Altarf!”</p>

      <p>Altarf was one of Karkinos’s fringe skills, which could only be activated once when he was knocked out of the fight. It was less a counter and more lashing out spitefully from the grave. It would only take effect once. The skill doubled the damage of the very next attack, allowing that attack to exceed the single hit damage limit of 99,999.</p>

      <p>Aries screamed as he became an avatar of fire. A shining rainbow meteor crashed down onto Leon’s head.</p>

      <p>If Lufas were around, she would have been able to use her Observing Eye to see the amazing moment when Leon’s remaining HP, which numbered over 800,000, was reduced to 1 in a single hit.</p>

      <h1>19</h1>

      <p>Many of the skills that existed in Mizgarz came with restrictions, such as the number of times that skill was usable. Skills that were too powerful were only usable once every twenty-four hours. Another example was racial limits; some skills could only be obtained by those of a specific race. This applied to magic as well. Combinations were another example; some skills only revealed themselves once someone acquired a specific combination of classes. The last example was levels; some skills required a certain overall combined level to be used, if not obtained.</p>

      <p>“Hamal,” one of Aries’s attack skills, was one of those. This skill boasted the highest attack power out of all of Aries’s skills, and once it was activated, it could turn the tide of battle all on its own. However, he normally couldn’t use it even if he wanted to, as its use was restricted. Its condition for activation was that the user had to be level 1000; it was a skill with a level restriction. On top of that, it could only be used once every twenty-four hours. In return for such strict restrictions, its power was tremendous. Its effect was to deal half the target’s total HP in damage, no matter how much HP the target currently had.</p>

      <p>Of course, Lufas would say that Brachium was far more powerful than Hamal. After all, Brachium had a damage ceiling. It didn’t matter if the opponent’s HP was 200,000 or 100,000,000. Brachium would simply deal up to 99,999 damage. It couldn’t deal more than that. If the opponent’s HP wasn’t above 200,000, Hamal wouldn’t even deal enough damage to hit the ceiling. Since that was the case, Brachium, which always dealt 99,999 damage, was far more powerful and easier to understand.</p>

      <p>But that was only assuming Aries was alone. By adding Karkinos to the mix, Aries’s skill had the potential to far outstrip Brachium. Combined with Karkinos’s Altarf, Aries’s skill would be literally unbeatable. The flame would even destroy gods. In other words, Aries was able to exhibit the most firepower out of anyone in the Twelve Heavenly Stars once he was level 1000 and under the strict condition that Karkinos sacrificed himself in order to use his incredibly niche skill.</p>

      <p>Aries could instantly defeat any enemy by doubling half the target’s total HP in damage and breaking through the damage ceiling, regardless of how much HP they had. Though in the end, percentile damage was still percentile damage; it literally couldn’t finish anybody off. Its weakness was that it always left the target with 1 HP. But right now, that was to their advantage. Given that they wanted to stop Leon without killing him, this move was literally perfect for the job.</p>

      <p>In the end, the fight was decided, and the lion fell to the sheep. No matter how humiliated Leon felt, it wouldn’t change the outcome. The victor had been decided.</p>

      <p>“Well done. You did it, Aries.”</p>

      <p>“E x c e l l e n t! I knew you could do it, Aries!”</p>

      <p>“Aries, you’re amazing...”</p>

      <p>Libra, Karkinos, and Virgo all praised Aries, who’d just landed in front of Leon. Aigokeros and Scorpius once again returned to their human forms, praising Aries’s good fight themselves while patting his shoulder as Karkinos also hurriedly returned to human form.</p>

      <p>On the other hand, Sei and the others were still dumbfounded after witnessing a fight that had been so far out of their league. The demihumans were also in shock after seeing their leader, whom they had believed to be invincible, defeated. As soon as Scorpius walked out in front of them, though, the demihumans’ faces turned from shock to despair.</p>

      <p>“Now, then... All that’s left is to clean up all these fools who followed Leon. It isn’t worth much next to Aries defeating Leon himself, but these weaklings are still Lufas’s enemies and need to be erased,” Scorpius declared, her tone cold. Her hair-tail wriggled as she set her sights on the spiderman who seemed to be their leader first.</p>

      <p>But that was when Sei suddenly got in the way, stopping her tail with his sword. The sword snapped in two as a result, and Sei himself was thrown backwards, rolling over the ground. Still, the unexpected interference made Scorpius miss, her tail instead piercing through a tree which happened to be beside the spiderman.</p>

      <p>This in no way meant that Sei was strong. Scorpius’s attack had just been so laid-back it was like she barely even cared about killing him. If Scorpius had actually been serious... Well, even if she weren’t serious but had decided to use even a tenth of her full power, Sei would have been pierced through along with his sword, and the spider-man behind him would have died as well.</p>

      <p>“S-Sei?!”</p>

      <p>Virgo rushed over to where the panicked Sei had been knocked over.</p>

      <p>Scorpius simply gave him an exasperated look. “Hey, now. What do you think you’re doing, boy?”</p>

      <p>As soon as Sei managed to get himself up, he looked straight at Scorpius. “That should be my line. What do you think you’re doing all of a sudden?”</p>

      <p>“Isn’t it obvious? I’m killing them.”</p>

      <p>“B-But they can’t even fight anymore. They’ve lost all will to resist. Any more violence and it’ll just—”</p>

      <p>“That doesn’t matter.”</p>

      <p>Sei paused. “Huh?”</p>

      <p>“Whatever’s going on with them doesn’t matter to me. They’re the underlings of a fool who made an enemy of Lady Lufas, which means they’re my enemies. That’s more than enough for me. I don’t need or care to learn anything more about them. Who cares about an enemy’s circumstances or beliefs or tragic pasts? None of that matters.”</p>

      <p>Sei had made a single mistake. Well, it was more of a misunderstanding. He’d thought that all of the Twelve Heavenly Stars were as kind as Virgo. Castor had seemed like a good, reliable young man, though he was a little off in some ways. Not to mention, Lufas Maphaahl was much more reasonable than had been expected. So Sei had held the optimistic opinion that the Twelve Heavenly Stars weren’t as scary as others made them out to be. He’d had a hopeful outlook that they were only so feared because of the Goddess’s interference, and they could be reasoned with normally.</p>

      <p>But he had been wrong. Dead wrong. The Twelve Stars were a group of beings who had originally been monsters. Aries and Karkinos could be reasoned with and would consider others’ circumstances, but Aigokeros and Scorpius wouldn’t. Those two were like a monster’s pure brutality and cruelty stuffed into human form. In the end, the way they thought was just different than normal humans, and they would have no truck with reason. A ferocious beast that had been tamed might come to love its master, but it would still act like a ferocious beast towards anyone else.</p>

      <p>“Okay now, get out of the way. You don’t want to get killed along with them, do you?”</p>

      <p>Scorpius’s tone was kind, but there was no emotion backing it. It didn’t matter to her if Sei got out of the way or not. In a few seconds, her tail would mercilessly reap the demihumans.</p>

      <p>Or it would have, if Leon hadn’t managed to get up...</p>

      <p>“O-O-OOOOOOAGGHHHH!”</p>

      <p>“No way! Again...?!”</p>

      <p>Everyone instantly fell into wary stances as they looked over at Leon. Scorpius prepared herself for Leon’s next attack as if she’d totally forgotten about the demihumans.</p>

      <p>“Wait a second. Something’s off.”</p>

      <p>The whites of Leon’s eyes were showing, and he was roaring while drooling. He was no longer capable of fighting. It didn’t matter if he was the Lion King; he’d taken too much damage.</p>

      <p>While everyone else was surprised, Libra remained calm as she coldly analyzed the situation. “This is...” Libra paused to process the data. “I see. This is the result of selling his soul to the Goddess.”</p>

      <p>Leon could no longer fight, so he was now nothing more than a marionette of the Goddess. It didn’t matter if he couldn’t go on. As long as the Goddess ordered him to fight, his body would keep moving until he died, regardless of his will. If they didn’t manage to do something about this, nothing would be solved, and Leon would continue his rampage until death.</p>

      <p>Scorpius’s poison fought against the forced recovery due to the Goddess’s powers. Leon foamed at the mouth, and his eyes were bloodshot as he wavered painfully between life and death. According to Libra’s Observation skill, Leon’s HP was constantly going back and forth between 0 and 1. He was literally in a position where he could neither live nor die.</p>

      <p>“I see. I wonder if I was like that too?” Scorpius paused, thinking. “So, can we even do anything about this?” she asked, reminded of her past mistakes.</p>

      <p>Dina popped halfway out of a crack in space to answer. As always, she was already making preparations to run as she looked up at Leon and shook her head. “No. Now that he’s totally sold his soul to the Goddess... This isn’t simple thought guidance anymore.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Then there’s nothing we can do. He got what he deserved, but this is just a miserable sight.”</p>

      <p>Scorpius heaved a sigh as she formed a pair of scissors with mana, opening and closing them noisily. Following her example, Aigokeros created black balls of mana in both hands, and Libra readied her cannons.</p>

      <p>Seeing their reactions, Aries quickly stepped in front of Leon, protecting him. “W-Wait! What’re you gonna do?!”</p>

      <p>“Now that it’s come to this, there’s no choice but to kill him. It hurts to lose the strongest of us Twelve Heavenly Stars, but considering how much damage he’ll cause, killing Leon here is the best option,” said Scorpius.</p>

      <p>“I hate that I agree with you, but I do,” said Aigokeros. “We have to kill him now.”</p>

      <p>“That’s just the way it is. Step aside, Aries, or you’ll be caught up in it too,” said Libra.</p>

      <p>Even on the brink of death, Leon was still moving. Dina couldn’t help him, though, so there was only one option—reap his life and stop him for good. There was still the question of whether or not they’d be forgiven for killing one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, who were Lufas’s subordinates, and taking away their single strongest source of power, but there was no other choice. They had to believe that their master would understand. Having made that decision, the three of them made to finish off Leon simultaneously without hesitation.</p>

      <p>“Is there really...no other way?”</p>

      <p>“There isn’t,” Aigokeros answered, heartless.</p>

      <p>If they were to leave him alone, Leon would rampage until he died. Not only would he completely decimate the centaurs’ village, but the number of other casualties Leon would cause and the amount of destruction he’d sow until he could do no more would be immeasurable. No matter how childish and immature his thought processes were, it couldn’t be forgotten that he was still the strongest of the Twelve Heavenly Stars. If he couldn’t be saved, then he should at least be finished off before he did even more damage.</p>

      <p>Sagittarius and Castor came to this conclusion a little after Libra and the others had, and they pointed their weapons at Leon as well.</p>

      <p>Aries bit his lip, frustrated at his own powerlessness, but he couldn’t object. He knew Libra was correct. No one there had the ability to do something about Leon’s state. Well, no one <em>should </em>have been there who could do so.</p>

      <p>There was a moment of silence. “Fall back.”</p>

      <p>A voice so deep it seemed to come from the depths of the earth rang in Aries’s ear. At first, he misunderstood and thought the command had been directed at him. Aries thought that the voice wanted him to get out of the way, just like Aigokeros and the others, but something was off. The voice didn’t belong to anyone present, but it was strangely familiar. That was why he hadn’t immediately reacted to the voice, instead wondering who it was. It was a voice he’d heard many times before, but it was still strange. After all, they hadn’t met up with the speaker yet. There was no way he should’ve been there.</p>

      <p>“Did you not hear me?” There was a pause. “I said to fall back.” The voice resounded once again, demanding a retreat for the second time, but it wasn’t directed at Aries specifically.</p>

      <p>Aigokeros and the others turned around at the same time, looking at the person who’d spoken. They hadn’t just told Aries to fall back. They’d commanded everyone to do so.</p>

      <p>The figure who stood there had feet clad in steel boots, and the gauntlets they wore were similarly of steel. They had a very fitting black trench coat, and a one-handed ax was readied. The figure’s face was hidden behind a mask, so it was impossible to see their expression, but Aries recognized them anyway.</p>

      <p>“You’re...”</p>

      <p>“You are... Taurus the Ox. Why’re you here...?”</p>

      <p>Taurus was the Ox of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars. It was also the name of the person who should have been in Helheim maintaining the seal on the Dragon of Earth.</p>

      <p>The man Libra had identified passed her and Aries as he approached Leon, completely unafraid. Looking up at the rampaging Lion King, the man muttered in a monotonous tone, “This is quite strange... He’s probably been tempted by the Goddess. I’d be speaking the truth if I said this is just like him, but I can’t stand to watch this. So I’ll be taking the liberty of destroying that idiotic power. Someone using the Goddess’s power in a place like this might affect the seal.”</p>

      <p>Taurus clenched his steel-clad fist, making a creaking sound as the metal scraped together. Even though Leon had lost his mind, he must have still deemed Taurus a threat upon seeing this. With a crazed shout, the giant lion leapt at the man, but Taurus wasn’t moved in the slightest. He simply watched the lion from behind his mask, eyes cold.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>