<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_7">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Wai— What the hell is that?! Gross, gross, super gross! What the hell?! Ewwwwww!”</p>

      <p>The female knight jumped at the dryad as it was busy being grossed out by their forms. With the sword that symbolized her pride as a knight in hand, she shuffled forward with her many spider legs.</p>

      <p>“NOOOOOOO!”</p>

      <p>The dryad, half in tears, ran away, but the female knight didn’t stop. The dryad had gone for the children first in order to force people to listen to her, and that went against the knight’s code. For that, she would not forgive the dryad.</p>

      <p>The female knight swung her sword, her expression angry and breathing rough as she chased down the dryad. The dryad, almost in a frenzy, tried to ward off the female knight with vines, but they were all slashed apart. Then, the knight leapt. Jumping nimbly from tree to tree, she continued to draw closer to the dryad.</p>

      <p>“GRROOOAAARRRR!” the tiger roared, as if to cheer on the efforts of the female knight as he slashed at the spiderman.</p>

      <p>The spiderman blocked with one of his legs, and they entered into a contest of strength. But in the end, both the spiderman and the dryad were simply more powerful. While they had been momentarily surprised because of their opponent’s entrance and appearance, that wouldn’t last long. There was only one option for Sei and the others. They had to defeat the spiderman right here and now, and free the centaurs.</p>

      <p>“We don’t have any other choice! Let’s go, everyone!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah!”</p>

      <p>“Awwwwriiiite! I’m gonna avenge Nick and the others right here!”</p>

      <p>“And the guardian dragon too!” Sei shouted, trying to galvanize everyone to action.</p>

      <p>Gantz, Jean, and Petto all ran forward at the same time. Behind them, Virgo threw a slash of light with her sword, and Kross sent out a magic bullet, though he was a little slow on the uptake. The two attacks flew towards the lamia and the merman who were standing by, and though they dodged the attacks, Virgo and Kross succeeded in separating them. At the same time, Virgo flew, charging at the lamia. The merman tried to support the lamia, but Castor stood before him and blocked the way.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, but I’m your opponent. Feel free to all come at me at the same time.”</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re really pissing me off here, pal. Don’t get so full of yourself just ’cuz you’re a little good lookin’!”</p>

      <p>“No, doesn’t that change depending on the race...? I’m sure you’re pretty up there as a merfolk...”</p>

      <p>“J-Just a little while ago my crush told me that she liked pretty human faces and turned me down!”</p>

      <p>The merman confessed something really sad as he slashed at Castor, who just defended against it silently. Sometimes, anything you said ended up hurting the other person. This was one of those times. In times like these, the greatest kindness was to be quiet and keep the person company.</p>

      <p>Castor silently swung wide with his anchor, mowing down the merman as well as the bug-men soldiers that were with him. Then, he continued to knock people out of the fight one after the other with ease.</p>

      <p>Virgo flew right past him, followed by several magic bullets.</p>

      <p>“So we meet again, girlie! Did you come just so we could continue from last time?”</p>

      <p>“Why are you people doing this?!”</p>

      <p>“You wouldn’t understand how we feel, being treated like monsters day in and day out!”</p>

      <p>The lamia continuously fired magic at Virgo while chasing her down, but unlike before, it was a one-on-one fight.</p>

      <p>Virgo flew through the air, dodging the lamia’s magic and returning slashes of light. The lamia also quickly dodged Virgo’s attacks though, and the fight devolved into a long-distance shoot-out. Virgo flew around in the air to evade, and the lamia slithered nimbly along the ground like a snake. The fight was completely even.</p>

      <p>“Didn’t I meet you in Draupnir...? Oh, right, so you came to kill us demihumans, didn’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Actually... Well, I guess I can’t exactly deny it...”</p>

      <p>Sei, Gantz, Jean, and Petto were taking on the spiderman at the same time, and all four of them just barely made the fight even. By utilizing their numbers and taking advantage of combos, Sei and the others boldly attacked from all sides, but everything was blocked by the spiderman’s legs. In fact, he even managed to counterattack, slamming Jean back into a tree.</p>

      <p>“Hey, you, spider asshole! It looks like you’re at least a little different from your friends over there, so I’ll tell you, just in case. Stop doing stupid things like siding with Leon! If you keep doing that, all the demihumans will be killed along with him!”</p>

      <p>“Just when I was wondering what you would say... We have no other path than this!”</p>

      <p>“I see. Looks like you made a bad choice in leaders then!”</p>

      <p>Gantz’s war ax clashed with the spiderman’s leg and sparks flew, but the difference in level was a real pain for Gantz. Even without any special bug traits, opposing an ax with one’s bare hands was ridiculous.</p>

      <p>“GRRROOAAARRR!”</p>

      <p>“Hiyaaaahhh!”</p>

      <p>“Why am I the one who has to deal with these monsteerrrsss?!”</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, the dryad had ended up with Friedrich and the female knight, and she was running around with a desperate look on her face. In terms of pure power, she was on top, but because of the duo’s awful appearances, she had completely lost the will to fight. On top of that, she noticed magic flying at her for some reason. When she looked behind her, she saw a grasshopper monster had joined as well, and the dryad grew even more teary-eyed.</p>

      <p>“NOOOOOOOOO!”</p>

      <p>The dryad was almost full-on bawling as she ran away, and chasing after her were a tiger-moth-centaur, a gorilla-arachne, and a grasshopper monster. As things stood, it was impossible to tell which side was the hero’s party. The comical, exasperated sweat of Sei and the others, who were watching from the side, was surely just a trick of the imagination.</p>

      <p>“A-Anyway, we’re going to stop you!”</p>

      <p>“You’re welcome to try, human child!”</p>

      <p>Sei regrouped and took a stance with his sword, ready to intercept the spiderman. Then, Sei’s sword and the spiderman’s leg clashed.</p>

      <h1>15</h1>

      <p>Every time Castor swung his favorite weapon, the anchor lance, he scattered demihumans away. As a combatant of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, Castor wasn’t especially strong. In pure combat ability, he fell short of Aries, and he didn’t have especially strong skills either. Even so, he was strong enough to be one of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars. Even the Twelve Stars’ non-combatants, like Parthenos, were outside the norm, so just by qualifying to be in the group, Castor had the strength of a thousand men.</p>

      <p>In sheer numbers, the demihumans came in at a couple hundred. Opposing them was Castor by his lonesome, but the demihumans were the ones at an insurmountable disadvantage in this fight. Castor’s strength equaled a thousand men, after all, which meant that this fight was between a few hundred and a few thousand. The outcome had been decided before the fight had even started; this would just become a simple war of attrition.</p>

      <p>The entire reason this was still able to be considered a fight was that Castor had the most moral fiber of anyone in the Twelve Stars, and he was holding back so as not to kill anyone. If it’d been someone like Libra, Aigokeros, or Scorpius fighting here, they wouldn’t have bothered thinking about their enemy at all; they’d have just turned the entire group into corpses in a couple seconds.</p>

      <p>“Storm Circle!”</p>

      <p>Violent winds radiated out from Castor in all directions. That alone knocked out all the demihumans in front of him, intimidating the ones that were left. If Castor had been going all out, then getting the back line would have been possible too. However, those in front might have died if he’d increased his power that much. The demihumans understood that, and they realized that they had no chance of victory.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What’re you all doing? Hurry and kick that handsome bastard’s ass!”</p>

      <p>“B-But...”</p>

      <p>“I-If you won’t go, then I’ll just kill you all! If you don’t want to die, fight him!”</p>

      <p>“W-WAAARRGGGHH!”</p>

      <p>Threatened by the merman who was their commander, the arachne who was in front raised a cry as she charged.</p>

      <p>An arachne’s upper half was that of a human woman, so if you only paid attention to that part, she was still young and could be considered adorable. But her bottom half was that of a repulsive spider, and the mismatched feeling that gave off only strengthened the repulsive effect.</p>

      <p>Castor casually stole the spear the arachne thrust in front of her as she charged, easily rendering her powerless. With her weapon stolen, the young arachne firmly shut her eyes, preparing herself for death. Castor simply patted the frightened girl on the head kindly, though. Mystified, the arachne opened her eyes again and exposed herself to Castor’s sparkling hot-guy smile.</p>

      <p>“Stop this. A weapon like this doesn’t fit a lovely girl like you.”</p>

      <p>“Ah... Y-Yeah...”</p>

      <p>Castor smiled in an attempt to reassure her, and his teeth glittered in the light. When he smiled, the young arachne’s cheeks flushed, and she froze. If this were a manga, her eyes would have been replaced by hearts at this point. Seeing that clearly incensed the merman, as he started to grind his teeth. If Lufas were here, she would surely have sympathized with him and made fun of the moment, saying, “What is this? A love at first sight rom-com trope?!”</p>

      <p>The merman might have just become one of Lufas’s comrades in cursing normies to explode. Having had Castor’s hot-guy power shoved in his face, the merman was full of resentment, and his hatred was only increasing. On the other hand, the young arachne had completely fallen for Castor, and she was looking up at him with both hands clasped in front of her like she was praying.</p>

      <p>“It seems like you just don’t understand how to treat a lady. Men must always treat ladies with kindness. Dragging them out onto the battlefield like this is out of the question.”</p>

      <p>A minor point, but Castor said this while his lord and master went out on the front lines all the time, could move faster than sound, was in general the strongest woman in the world, and tended to make bloodbaths out of her enemies. If anyone had pointed that out to him, they might have been able to stop him mid-sentence, but the merman wasn’t that smart, so Castor just kept on speaking.</p>

      <p>“I heard that you have a one-sided affection for someone, but as you are now, it’s only natural that she doesn’t return your feelings. Listen here. I’ll tell you one of the world’s truths. Men aren’t just their faces! What’s inside is what’s important!”</p>

      <p>“YOU DON’T GET TO SAY THAAAAAT!!”</p>

      <p>The merman snapped. His face reddened in anger, and he charged harpoon-first. An ant soldier and a mantis warrior followed after him, as well as all the other men who weren’t blessed with good looks.</p>

      <p>One of the tragedies that came with being a demihuman was a person’s sense of beauty. Sure, they had the traits of fish, snakes, and bugs as their names implied, but they held human traits as well. What did that mean? Well, that was the tragedy as well as the comedy. Part of their sense of beauty was inherited from humans. As a race, they juggled not only a standard of beauty particular to their race, but a human’s beauty standards as well.</p>

      <p>Take, for example, a dragonfly-type bug person. While those outside of the race would only see them as having monstrous looks, they were able to tell who was beautiful and who was not among themselves. Even if no one else could understand it, the ones who were handsome were popular. This applied for females as well. At the same time, they could discern faces from a human perspective as well. For example, they wouldn’t look at a beautiful woman and think they were ugly because they didn’t have a face like a dragonfly’s. They would think of her as beautiful, just like other humans.</p>

      <p>This was where sad misunderstandings happened, because even if a person was earth shatteringly beautiful among dragonfly people, among regular humans, they’d just be monsters. If a dragonfly man confessed to a regular human girl, they’d just run for the hills. In other words, even to them, Castor was an annoyingly handsome guy! Not only could he attract human beauties who would never look at them, but he was beautiful enough to make demihumans fall for him too.</p>

      <p>What absurdity! What unfairness!</p>

      <p>In a sense, this was only natural. After all, the one who stood at the peak of this world was Alovenus, the Goddess of love and beauty. She couldn’t very well be called that if she looked ugly to other races, which meant that all races saw Alovenus as beautiful. All races were born with that aesthetic sense imprinted on them. The basis for all beauty in this world was centered around Alovenus, and humans were close in appearance to Alovenus, so they also naturally stood at the center of the entire world’s beauty standards. That was why human faces always looked beautiful, no matter the race.</p>

      <p>“DIIIEEEEEEEEEE!”</p>

      <p>Right now, all the men’s hearts were as one. There was an amazing, unprecedented feeling of unity that seemed to somehow generate a strong, primordial heat. It was the winds of jealousy, and it was surely and steadily blowing towards them.</p>

      <p><em>Let’s stop half-assing this. We’re taking this all the way to the end. So many of us who weren’t blessed with good looks are here. We aren’t alone. Let’s believe and fight together. With love, bravery, and hope in our hearts, we will take this evil handsome bastard down. Stand up, warriors!</em></p>

      <p>“All hot guys must die!”</p>

      <p>The war cry symbolized all the unpopular men’s sadness and lamentation, and as they charged Castor, their sad, lonely lives flashed before their eyes.</p>

      <p><em>There was a village girl I always thought was cute. She’d come out to the forest to pick herbs. Once she was lost, and I tried to help her, but she just called me a monster and ran away.</em></p>

      <p><em>I tried to return something a woman dropped once, but all I did was scare her. There was nothing I could do about that, so I put it back where I’d found it. But a bear beastfolk found it and gave it to her, and for some reason, they started skipping and dancing together. In the end, she started spouting shit about how the road she met the bear on was full of flowers or something, and they married. Now she’s the fourth queen of Draupnir, dammit.</em></p>

      <p><em>Damn you, beastfolk, getting all uppity just because humans think you’re cute.</em></p>

      <p>Letting hatred, grief, and jealousy drive them, the men surpassed their own limits. They displayed a level of skill never seen before, becoming a single malign force aimed towards Castor.</p>

      <p>In response to that, Castor turned his back on the men and raised his hand.</p>

      <p>“Gemini Meteor Fist!”</p>

      <p>His fist pierced the heavens, and the men all became meteors. Nothing special happened; it was just an uppercut. Castor had just applied some wind magic to his fist to blow them all away, no skill named Gemini Meteor Fist actually existed.</p>

      <p>The men, defeated in a single blow, all fell to the ground face-first. Each and every one of them was knocked out. The moment before they’d passed out, they had a thought. <em>All hot guys...must die...</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>The fight between Virgo and the lamia had devolved into a long-range shooting match. This hadn’t happened on purpose. It had just turned out this way before either of them had noticed.</p>

      <p>Virgo flew through the air, but the lamia had no way of getting that high. She weaved her way between the trees, which meant Virgo couldn’t get close either, since the trees were in the way. As a result, they had resorted to long-ranged attacks, but none of them could do any significant damage. It eventually devolved into repeated patterns of using the same attacks again and again, and dodging them over and over.</p>

      <p>If Virgo had a little more experience, this might not have happened. She might have decided to let the level difference speak for itself, not minding being hit with some magic in order to cut through the lamia’s neck with her blade. But that hadn’t come to Virgo’s mind. She still couldn’t help but freeze for a moment when slashing at someone, and that hesitation bred openings. Repeating long-distance slashes over and over again wasn’t a strategy. It was because Virgo was unconsciously avoiding slashing her enemy directly, so she’d chosen to fight from a distance.</p>

      <p>“Haagghh!”</p>

      <p>“Water Spear!”</p>

      <p>La Pucelle unleashed another blade of light, and the lamia shot a spear of water, hitting the slash midair, but they didn’t cancel each other out. The blade of light cut through the spear of water, but the lamia avoided it with movements that were literally serpentine.</p>

      <p>The lamia in no way beat Virgo in terms of levels. In fact, her level was only 150. Virgo’s level was twice hers, but it was also a fact that Virgo had a support build, and her stats were not suited to entering direct combat. Still, at twice her opponent’s level, the difference in their power levels was basically absolute. Virgo should have won long ago, but for some reason, she still hadn’t. She was having trouble in a fight which she should have won, as she doubled her opponent’s level, because of the difference in their combat experience and motivation.</p>

      <p>Virgo had almost no experience, and she just didn’t have the hostility and desire to annihilate the demihuman that was opposing her. On the other hand, the lamia was on the edge of a precipice. She couldn’t afford to lose no matter what. The difference in their will to fight managed to bridge the impossible gap in levels.</p>

      <p><em>I...have to stop her somehow! I’ll use that ability!</em></p>

      <p>The look in Virgo’s eyes grew sharper, and the lamia was assaulted with a feeling of pressure. It was the heaven-winged’s racial skill, Pressure. Its effect forced those who were half the user’s level or less to submit. It was a skill made for royalty that allowed for bloodless suppression. It allowed anyone with the skill to avoid fights with anyone they didn’t have to and to simply control them instead. Given the levels of Virgo and the lamia, this skill should have been effective against her.</p>

      <p>The lamia glared silently. “Don’t you dare underestimate me!” the lamia shrieked, shaking off the Pressure and resuming the fight. Taking advantage of Virgo’s surprise, the lamia launched a water bullet that grazed her opponent and caused her to drop in altitude.</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p>“Not good enough, girlie. I see your level certainly is above mine, though. I bet that would normally have ended the fight in one go, wouldn’t it? But you’re empty inside. You don’t have the desire to make your opponent submit no matter what. You’ve got nothing... As if some superficial Pressure like that would work!”</p>

      <p>Virgo was possessed of a shy, kind personality. But was she really just kind? Or did she lack self-confidence and independence, unable to step out front herself? Virgo was simply allowing herself to be swept along by the current around her; her heart wouldn’t allow her to go against it. That was why her Pressure didn’t have much power. Normally, it should have decided the fight all at once, but the fight still wasn’t over. Her lack of willpower had been exposed, and Virgo was shaken.</p>

      <p>“I can see it, you know. How you really look behind that illusion magic, that is. I can see those white wings of yours. They’re almost too pretty... I bet you’re royalty, or at least related to them, but don’t think that the Pressure you put out can suppress us. The feelings that drive us to fight are just different!” the lamia howled as she landed a direct hit on Virgo with her magic.</p>

      <p>Given their level difference, there was no way a spell of that level would end up as a fatal blow. It only scored a light wound, but even light wounds could add up into something more. The balance of the fight gradually shifted towards the lamia; Virgo was cornered.</p>

      <p>Seeing this, Sei once again felt anxiety in his heart. <em>Crap. Virgo!</em></p>

      <p>He wanted to rush to Virgo and help her in her time of need, but he couldn’t. He wouldn’t be allowed to. The enemy he faced was strong enough that turning your back on him would be fatal. The sheer agility of the spiderman Sargess was a true threat to Sei and the others. He not only moved across the ground quickly, but he could also leap agilely from tree to tree. He ambushed anyone the moment they showed an opening, gradually adding up the damage the team was suffering.</p>

      <p>In order to combat this, Sei and his party took a circular formation, and while they were barely successful, that didn’t change the fact that they were on the back foot. It could be said that the current situation was despairingly bad for them.</p>

      <p>“Tch, this is bad... That spider bastard is stupid fast.”</p>

      <p>“I can barely follow him with my eyes. Damn.”</p>

      <p>Jean and Gantz were keeping a tight watch on Sargess’s movements while complaining. As soon as they managed to catch sight of Sargess, he had already moved. Grasping his whereabouts was proving to be a Herculean task.</p>

      <p><em>Did we make a mistake fighting him with this group? </em>Gantz kept that thought deep in his heart.</p>

      <p>Among their entire group, Virgo was the only one capable of high-speed combat. Only she had the ability to fly, which could keep up with Sargess’s three-dimensional movements. But Virgo was currently tied up in a hard battle with the lamia and didn’t seem to have the leeway to help them.</p>

      <p>While Gantz was distracted by his thoughts, a metallic sound rang out from behind him, and he heard a cry of anguish from Petto. It seemed like he’d just barely managed to defend against Sargess’s attack, thanks to the excellent kinetic vision granted to him as a beastfolk. But that wouldn’t last them long either.</p>

      <p><em>Just what should we do...? </em>Sei tried to come up with a way to grasp victory with their lacking strength.<em> </em>He thought of the skills he had, as well as the abilities of his allies. Sei took all of that into account, but he still couldn’t think of a way to take down Sargess.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Sargess’s threads had wrapped themselves around Sei’s sword, further worsening the situation.</p>

      <p><em>Crap! Isn’t there anything we can do? Anything...?!</em> Sei thought, desperate. Finally, he arrived at a single idea when he suddenly saw Virgo flying from the corner of his eye. <em>Right, there’s one way to break out of this.</em></p>

      <p>“Virgo! Can you hear me?! If you can, I want you to shout the exact words I’m going to say to you!”</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p>“You need to shout...” Sei hesitated for a second.</p>

      <p><em>Honestly, I’m not sure about this. There’s a possibility that by saying this, I’ll seriously get killed. But as it is, we’re just waiting to lose. I’ll just have to work hard to undo the misunderstanding later.</em></p>

      <p>He paused a moment, then continued, “‘This person’s a molester. Someone help me!’”</p>

      <p>“Huh...?”</p>

      <p>“D-Don’t think about it. Just shout! Then you’ll understand why!”</p>

      <p>Sei had requested a line that seemed meaningless. Well, it had a meaning. While Virgo had never heard the term “molester” before, she could tell it was a cry for help. But a cry to who? Where?</p>

      <p>Virgo’s eyes widened. Sargess, the lamia, and Gantz, who had heard what Sei had asked of her, all made faces that asked, “Is this guy all right?” However, Sei was sure these would be the magic words to bring about their comeback. By saying those words, Virgo would summon “that” to come in their time of need.</p>

      <p>“U-Uhhh... Then I guess I’ll say it? Th-This person’s a molester! Someone help me!”</p>

      <p>While still unclear as to what Sei was going for, Virgo did as he’d asked and shouted the line.</p>

      <p>There...was no change. That was what everyone thought, at least, but it wasn’t true. The one who heard Virgo’s shout was currently making their way there at incredible speeds in order to murder the scoundrel accosting her.</p>

      <p>He had an order from his creator. If any villain were to ever lay their hands on Virgo, he was to attack them until they were on the verge of death!</p>

      <p>“Y E S, B O S S!”</p>

      <p>So he—Suzuki—ran. He fully accelerated, charging into the demihuman village at top speed.</p>

      <p>As Suzuki ran, he changed forms. Accompanied by metallic clanking, Suzuki quickly reformed his own body. By rearranging several parts, his door became steel arms, and steel legs extended from his lower end. Suzuki had discarded his vehicle form to become a steel giant. Suzuki had twin eyes which looked a lot like an imitation of a robot’s eyes from some anime. They flashed red ominously as Suzuki ran as a giant with a beautiful form much like a marathon runner. He needed to fulfill his last and most important order given to him by Lufas, and in order to help him do that, Suzuki had been given this “Assault Form”! His right hand was equipped with a mana saber, an inferior copy modeled after Libra’s Left Scale. His right hand was equipped with a mana rifle that fired compressed mana instead of physical bullets.</p>

      <p>Later, Suzuki’s creator, the Black-Winged Conqueror, had the following to say about him: “Honestly, We went too far.”</p>

      <p>The bee demihumans at the entrance to the village were knocked aside, and trees that were in the way were all snapped in two as Suzuki ran through them. Finally, he found her! He found Virgo, the person he needed to protect.</p>

      <p>Sei saw Suzuki and couldn’t help but stiffen for a moment, but who could blame him? He wasn’t the only one either. Everyone was struck silent by Suzuki’s sudden appearance, but Sei’s surprise was the most pronounced among them in the end.</p>

      <p><em>Hey... Why is it a giant robot...?</em></p>

      <p>Sei’s look grew distant as he tried to escape reality, but he managed to hurriedly bring himself back by shaking his head and reminding himself of his goal. Then Sei shouted, “You there! The one you’re looking for is me. Come on!” towards Suzuki.</p>

      <p>That line seemed incredibly pathetic and uncool, even to Sei. If his father had heard him, he’d surely have cried.</p>

      <p>After riling up Suzuki, Sei firmly gripped his sword. Currently, Sei’s sword was entangled in Sargess’s threads, so they were effectively bound together. By following the string, Sei could get an accurate grasp on where Sargess was, and their current relative positions meant that Sargess was caught between Suzuki and Sei.</p>

      <p>As soon as Suzuki recognized the scoundrel he had to defeat, he locked on to his target and carried out a tackle with ferocious speed. That action snapped the tree that Sargess was on top of in two, slamming the spiderman into the ground. At the same time, Sei quickly dashed off, evading Suzuki’s tackle and pinning Sargess’s arms while he was knocked down.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What...?!”</p>

      <p>“Sorry, but I’ll be taking you down with me.”</p>

      <p>The iron giant barreled towards them accompanied by a tremendous sound.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll be fine. I’ll totally be fine, </em>Sei told himself repeatedly.<em> I mean, Lufas definitely ordered the car to “tackle them just enough so they don’t die,” so I definitely won’t be killed at least.</em></p>

      <p><em>Actually, wait. Is that really a tackle? Given the size, it’s more of a full-on kick like you’d see in soccer, right?</em></p>

      <p>“G O T O H E L L!”</p>

      <p>“W-Woooaarrrgghhh?!”</p>

      <p>Sargess, who was caught in the middle, screamed pitifully as Suzuki kicked him flying along with Sei.</p>

      <p><em>See, I knew it’d be a kick and not a tackle!</em> Sei might have been the meticulous type, since he was internally retorting a detail like that while he was flying.</p>

      <p>The attack from the golem made by the Black-Winged Conqueror had shattered Sargess’s exoskeleton, dealing enormous damage. By the time they crashed to the ground, he could no longer even stand up.</p>

      <p>On the other hand, Sei had managed to avoid a serious wound thanks to the shield that Virgo had erected for him at the last second. On top of that, Virgo hurriedly flew in front of Suzuki to stop his charge, somehow managing to save Sei’s life.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, was that thing seriously aiming its rifle at me? His finger was on the trigger, right? Man, that was a dangerous bridge I crossed. Too dangerous. </em>Then Sei realized that his plan had worked, and his last thought before losing consciousness was, <em>I contributed something, at least...</em></p>

      <h1>16</h1>

      <p>“You pushed yourself way too hard there. Geez,” Castor said, looking at the unconscious Sei.</p>

      <p>However, he was smiling broadly. He honestly felt that, while Sei was still immature, he was a boy with a lot of potential. Not only did Sei know full well he lacked strength, but it hadn’t caused him to give up. Instead, he looked for a way to get through the situation with what he had. That wasn’t something just anyone could do. He completely lacked both strength and experience, but his mettle was top-notch.</p>

      <p>Castor looked forward to seeing how Sei would grow, though now wasn’t the time for that. Sei had sacrificed himself to give them a chance, so it was up to the rest of them to turn said chance into victory.</p>

      <p>“Storm Pressure!”</p>

      <p>The two waves of mana Castor emitted turned into wind directly above the lamia and the dryad. Then, they pushed down on their targets with incredible force, forcing the two ever closer to being knocked out of the fight.</p>

      <p>The rest of the bug person forces had already been scattered by Castor, and the spiderman had been taken care of by Sei. This meant that the fight was over once the lamia and the dryad were taken care of.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What the hell is this?! I can’t...move...”</p>

      <p>“Grk... Dammit... This...”</p>

      <p>The dryad and lamia desperately tried to escape, but unfortunately, their levels were too low.</p>

      <p>Castor went on to wag his finger, making invisible bonds of wind to restrain the two of them with, completely neutralizing them. “Well, that’s that.”</p>

      <p>“Amazing! You aren’t one of the Twelve Stars for nothing, huh?” Jean praised Castor, who had just neutralized the last of their enemies like it had been nothing.</p>

      <p>Castor tried to smile in response, but the next moment, his expression froze. There was no need to explain why. After all, Sagittarius had suddenly appeared. No, it wasn’t just him. Libra, Scorpius, Aigokeros, and Karkinos were all there, and they all bore fairly heavy wounds.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What happened?!”</p>

      <p>“E-Everyone...?! Just what...?”</p>

      <p>Gantz was shocked at their sudden appearance, and Virgo likewise showed her surprise. Part of their surprise was because their appearance had been so sudden, but more than that, they were in disbelief over how hurt the Twelve Stars were.</p>

      <p>The Twelve Stars were basically walking disasters. They were a group of monsters, and every single one of them had the power of an entire country’s military, so it was unbelievable that so many of them had been cornered at once.</p>

      <p>Libra took in her surroundings, and after quickly processing the situation, she stood up. “This is...” she paused, processing. “The demihuman’s village, I see. It seems you’ve saved us, Sagittarius.”</p>

      <p>Up until a moment ago, they’d been fighting Leon in Tyrving. The reason Libra and the others were here now was because of Sagittarius. By using his skill Al Nassr, which instantly teleported an arrow wherever he aimed, Sagittarius had saved all of them right before they would have been finished off by Leon. And that meant that he wasn’t obeying Leon out of his own will.</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Sagittarius! We were all about to be annihilated!”</p>

      <p>Sagittarius looked away when Karkinos thanked him, quietly saying, “I haven’t done anything that warrants thanks.”</p>

      <p>He might have been feeling guilty in his own way for betraying Lufas and the rest of the Twelve Stars, but even if Sagittarius had only been acting in the spur of the moment, it showed that he was on their side. And he had to stay there now. It was clear that Leon would take this as nothing other than a hostile action, at least.</p>

      <p>“Chief Sagittarius!”</p>

      <p>“It’s you, Derby. And it looks like the ones on the ground there are Sargess and the others... What happened here?”</p>

      <p>After Derby called out to him, Sagittarius looked around the village, mystified. There were clear signs of battle, as well as captured demihumans. On top of that, he could even see the spiderman Sargess who could be said to be one of the top leaders in the demihuman alliance. It was obvious at a glance that something had happened here.</p>

      <p>“That’s our line,” said Castor. “You all should have been heading for Tyrving, so why’re you all here? And Sagittarius is with you... Won’t you tell us what’s going on?”</p>

      <p>Castor and the others also couldn’t figure out what had happened. The people who should have gone to Tyrving had suddenly shown up.</p>

      <p>“Hmm,” Libra muttered as she sunk into thought, signaling that she needed time to process the situation. “Yes... Then first, let us exchange information.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Aries leaned against a broken wall and slid down until he was curled up against it. He honestly wanted to chase after Leon right away, but Aries knew he wouldn’t be able to win, and his legs wouldn’t let him. This was an issue of his bravery and will, but it was also more than that. Aries’s fear was instinctual, a feeling that couldn’t be shaken, something he felt every time he faced an apex predator like Leon.</p>

      <p>Their statuses had been different since birth. Aries was a weak being who anyone could win against; he had been born to be prey. Aries challenging Leon defied the natural order of things. That was why this fight would normally be impossible. One was prey and the other was a predator. One was weak and one was strong. Even though they were both monsters, there was a big difference between them. A gap that had existed since birth was difficult to fill.</p>

      <p>Aries was different from the other Twelve Stars. The Twelve Stars was a group of monsters, and each one was crowned the strongest of their kind. They had all ruled their own large territories before becoming Lufas’s followers. There was the Demon King of Hel, Aigokeros; the Empress of Poison, Scorpius; the strongest golem, Libra; the toughest monster, Karkinos; Parthenos, the keeper of the Goddess’s Sanctuary; the Fairy Princess, Pollux; Pollux’s other half and the strongest fairy, Castor; the world’s top sniper, Sagittarius; Pisces, the Goddess’s son; Taurus, the royalty of the labyrinth; the Empress of the Seas, Aquarius; and the Lion King, Leon.</p>

      <p><em>Compared to them, what am I? Seriously. All the other Twelve Stars were strong from the start. They are people who took their seats because they were theirs. Lufas added them to the Stars because of what they already had, whether that was their strength or something else.</em></p>

      <p><em>But I... I’m different. I’m the only one who was added for another reason. What Leon said was right; I was given this. I couldn’t even think of anything to deny it. My strength, my skills, and even my status... All of it was given to me by Lufas. I didn’t gain even one of those with my own strength.</em></p>

      <p><em>In the end, a sheep is a sheep, and once weak, always weak. Even if I can deal with people on the level of the Seven Luminaries, my disguise is undone as soon as I’m up against someone strong. My natural weak self is exposed.</em></p>

      <p>Aries wasn’t the type of monster who had originally been able to fight, and his desire for combat was clearly less than everyone else’s.</p>

      <p><em>That’s why there’s nothing I can do. I can’t win against Leon, and I can’t do anything else either. I’m sure Aigokeros and the others are figuring it out even now. After all, they’re all strong, unlike me.</em></p>

      <p>“You aren’t going to fight?”</p>

      <p>Aries looked up when he heard a voice and saw Dina, who’d come back at some point. She’d been the first to run away in the middle of battle after seeing how threatening Leon was, but it seemed she’d just returned like nothing had happened.</p>

      <p>Dina crouched down in front of Aries and looked into his eyes. “Leon went to chase everyone else.”</p>

      <p>Aries was quiet before saying, “I know.”</p>

      <p><em>Did you come to lecture me for running? </em>Aries thought but refrained from saying out loud.<em> It’s true that I’m a coward, and I’m not suited for fighting. So no matter what you say, it can’t be helped.</em></p>

      <p>“Even if I went...” he paused for a moment, defeated. “There’d be no point. I can’t do anything. It’s not like I could defeat Leon.”</p>

      <p>“Oh my, that’s not true. I mean, aren’t you the person Leon’s most afraid of, Aries?”</p>

      <p>Dina said something ridiculous, but Aries didn’t bat an eye. Flattery was an old trick and one that got exposed over time. It wasn’t amusing. It was almost child’s play... It was like how a strong-looking man would flinch backwards and say, “Whoa, amazing, amazing! Even the Devil King would go down in one shot!” when a child with a paper sword took a swing at him.</p>

      <p>Even if Aries thought he was being made fun of, he didn’t take it seriously.</p>

      <p>“The fire Miss Lufas gave you is a universal flame that changes strength depending on how tough the opponent is. No matter how powerful they are, they’re all the same to you. The stronger the enemy is, the stronger your flames are, and that will continue on indefinitely. What you have is a god-killing fire that Lufas invented to defeat much higher powers, and she gave it to you alone.”</p>

      <p>Aries stared, silent. “It’s amazing how easily you can flatter people like that.”</p>

      <p>“Because it’s the truth.”</p>

      <p>Aries looked at Dina exasperatedly, but she just smiled like always. And, as always, Aries couldn’t quite figure out what she was thinking; her flighty, easygoing demeanor never changed. Once again, Aries thought, <em>She’s so mysterious.</em></p>

      <p>Even now, he had memories that said she’d been around two hundred years ago, but according to Libra, those memories had been made up and planted by Dina. If that was the case, then who was she? And why was she here?</p>

      <p>“But it’s impossible. You saw how powerful Leon was, didn’t you? He was always strong, but now something’s weird with him... There’s nothing I can do about that.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, the Goddess is such a one-trick pony, isn’t she? It’s certainly annoying, but...it’ll be okay. He hasn’t gotten as powerful as he seems, you know.”</p>

      <p>Dina grinned wide as she said something ridiculous.</p>

      <p>“After all, that type is... The Goddess hates that type of man the most. The kind who think it’s only natural to be given or blessed with things. The type with no sense of gratitude, with enough hubris to think that getting things is his right. Truly a fool. It’s because of people like him that the Goddess gave up on saving people and had to instead think of something new. There’s no way she’d seriously give him power. She would never give him her love.”</p>

      <p><em>That sounds like you know the Goddess’s preferences.</em></p>

      <p>“It’d be better for the Goddess if Leon won and Lufas were defeated, so that’s why she gave him power, but...” Dina paused, considering the situation before continuing. “I’m sure that she’s actually conflicted about it internally, and she wants to reject him. That’s why she only gave him a little power, like a scrap off the table. While it’d be better for her if he won, she also wants him to lose. She’s hoping that’ll happen.”</p>

      <p><em>And that makes it sound like you know what she’s thinking.</em></p>

      <p>“That man isn’t worthy of winning. There are others who are better suited for that, ones who won’t shame the title of hero. There are brave children who would suit the role of a protagonist... So taking things to the extreme, she doesn’t mind if Leon loses. Best case, he loses after taking out one or two of the Twelve Stars. The Goddess isn’t hoping for more than that. At worst, the strongest member of the Twelve Stars becomes so hated that he gets ganged up on and is killed without doing anything. That would be okay too. Nothing was expected of him in the first place, so the Goddess only gave him a little power.”</p>

      <p><em>That would mean you know what the Goddess’s goal is...</em></p>

      <p>“A man like that... He’s not needed.”</p>

      <p><em>You sound just like the Goddess when you say that.</em></p>

      <p>For the first time, Aries was wary of Dina. Up until now, he’d gotten warnings from Libra, but somehow, deep in his heart, he’d still thought optimistically. He couldn’t seriously think of Dina as an enemy. But now, things were different. His thoughts were confused, and he felt as if she could seriously be an enemy. His suspicion of Dina was growing.</p>

      <p>“Dina... Who are you?”</p>

      <p>“Who? I’m not really worthy of that question. If I had to answer, I’d say that I’m someone who’s not able to become <em>someone</em>, I guess.”</p>

      <p>For an instant, Dina wore a self-deprecating smile. Then, she stood up and held a hand out to Aries. A number of buffs were then applied to him, raising all his stats.</p>

      <p>“This is...?”</p>

      <p>“It’s not as strong as the Goddess’s buff, but this is the strongest heaven-arts I can manage. This should make things a little easier. Now, please go. Your battlefield isn’t here.”</p>

      <p>“What about you, Dina?”</p>

      <p>“I won’t fight. I’m just a weak girl, after all,” Dina boldly declared with a smile before summoning a rift in space. Apparently, she was fully intent on slacking off, but that seemed just like her.</p>

      <p>Aries was assaulted by a feeling he couldn’t quite describe.</p>

      <p>“Okay, then. Best of luck.” With those last words, Dina completely disappeared.</p>

      <p>Aries, having been left behind, made a face like he’d been tricked by a tanuki, but eventually, he looked in the direction Leon had gone and leapt after him.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t really get why, but I’m a lot less afraid of Leon now. Maybe Dina did something.</em></p>

      <p><em>Anyway, I can think later. Right now, I have to join my friends on the battlefield. Honestly, even now I’m not sure I can match him in a fight. But even so, if my power will work even a little... No, I don’t believe in my power. But I do believe in Lufas’s, and I have a power that Lufas gave to me. So... So it should work. There’s no way it won’t. This fire is something I got from my master, just like Leon said, and it won’t lose to the Goddess’s power. I believe that without a doubt.</em></p>

      <p>So Aries leapt. He hated the idea that his master’s power would prove to be lesser than anything just because he was afraid.</p>

      <h1>17</h1>

      <p>“I see. So that’s what happened.”</p>

      <p>Libra and the others had just finished exchanging information at Derby’s house, and they all now at least somewhat understood each other’s circumstances. The overall conclusion that’d been reached was that Sagittarius had not betrayed Lufas of his own free will. Leon had taken the centaur village hostage, forcing Sagittarius to obey.</p>

      <p>Even so, Sagittarius hadn’t been totally obedient. He’d warned Libra under the guise of a declaration of war and had gotten them to come to Tyrving. His goal had probably been to draw in enough total strength to defeat Leon; Sagittarius couldn’t do it himself. However, there had been one miscalculation. Sagittarius had meant to use Lufas’s overwhelming strength to bring Leon down, but Lufas had been sidetracked by Benetnasch’s intrusion, leaving only the members of the Twelve Stars to continue forward.</p>

      <p>Still, they should have been enough to defeat Leon anyway. The situation was different now, though. Because of the Goddess’s untimely intervention, Leon had gotten too strong for them to deal with. Even Karkinos, who should have been a good matchup, hadn’t been able to stand up to Leon’s new power. Right now, four huge pillars of power were gathered here in the forms of Libra, Scorpius, Aigokeros, and Karkinos. Added to them were Sagittarius and Castor, which made it a six-on-one fight... But they knew painfully well that, even then, it would be a tough battle.</p>

      <p>Setting a normal Leon aside, Leon as he was now was extraordinary. He’d already slipped Lufas’s control and had gotten back his original power, but now he had the Goddess’s power on top of that. There were only about three people in the world who could defeat someone so ridiculously strong, and they were Lufas, the Vampire Princess, and the Devil King.</p>

      <p>“At any rate, he’ll probably reach us soon. And he’ll massacre every centaur here regardless of whether or not we’re present,” Castor said in a serious tone while looking over all the centaurs gathered there.</p>

      <p>Sagittarius nodded in agreement. Now that he had saved the other Twelve Stars, no excuse would save them. Leon would definitely attack the village in retribution for Sagittarius’s actions. The centaur himself was aware of that as well, so he’d come here to protect them.</p>

      <p>“I’d bet on that. He’s a small, short-tempered man. He’ll definitely come and crush this village to make an example out of it. That was why I had no choice but to obey him, at least on the surface.” He paused, then said, “Though, I doubt that’s a good enough excuse.”</p>

      <p>“Of course it isn’t. Anyone who betrays Lady Lufas deserves nothing less than death!”</p>

      <p>Sagittarius had already spoken self-deprecatingly, but Scorpius used harsh words to beat him down further. Yet while her words were hostile, she never took action.</p>

      <p>“Well, you’ll probably be needed, so I’ll let you go. It makes me angry, but if we’re going to take Leon down, then we need as many hands as we can get right now.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you.”</p>

      <p>She was still angry at Sagittarius, but his punishment could be decided by Lufas. Beating Leon was more important right now, and Sagittarius was needed for that. Scorpius was at least calm enough to decide that it was better to settle for glaring while shaking hands. As long as she wasn’t in the midst of a hysterical rage, and as long as Lufas wasn’t directly involved, she was pretty capable of making normal decisions.</p>

      <p>“Our fight with Leon will center around Karkinos, who’ll be the one in front. Virgo and Castor will aid Karkinos, while Sagittarius and I provide supporting fire. Aigokeros will confuse Leon with illusions, and Scorpius will try to poison him however she can whenever she sees an opening.”</p>

      <p>They all listened, faces grave, as Libra explained their strategy for fighting Leon and everyone’s roles in it. The plan ended up being basically ganging up on him, but there was no room to hesitate. After all, the opponent was Leon. If they pulled their punches, then they’d be the ones killed.</p>

      <p>The forest started to shake as if it had been waiting for the exact moment their strategy had been decided. There was no one present who would’ve suggested it was anything as tame as an earthquake at this point.</p>

      <p>Libra and the others leapt out of the little cabin to look outside of the village, and what they saw was a giant lion coming their way, trampling the trees in his path.</p>

      <p>The hero’s party was struck silent before such a threat, and Gantz’s ax slipped out of his hands. <em>He’s huge. Ridiculously huge. Too huge!</em> Gantz had faced Aries in his giant form when defending Svel, but Leon was an even more abnormal size than Aries had been.</p>

      <p>Sei was still unconscious, and staying that way might have been better for him. The tiger rolled over on the floor as if to imitate Sei and played dead. Petto’s fur stood on end, and he couldn’t move an inch. Jean was the only one who didn’t immediately notice the difference in their strength, and he charged forward, but the size difference was so great no one noticed.</p>

      <p>“So he’s here... Let’s go, Sagittarius!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I know!”</p>

      <p>Libra had Astraia equipped as she fired a full salvo, and Sagittarius unleashed an arrow of his own into the sky. The destructive beams Libra unleashed hit the enormous lion dead-on. On top of that, a rain of countless arrows of light came down from the sky on top of Leon, stabbing into his large body. But the arrows only pierced Leon’s tough hide, just barely breaking through his skin, his expression not even changing.</p>

      <p>One of the arrows impacted near Jean, who’d reached Leon’s feet, and the shockwave its impact generated sent him flying.</p>

      <p>“Ha! Acting crafty, are you? It looks like none of you understand yet... Attacks like those won’t work!”</p>

      <p>Leon opened his large mouth and sucked in a deep breath. The attack he was about to unleash didn’t have any fancy power or effect. Basically, it was just a simple roar—a simple act of expelling the mana in his body along with his breath. In theory, this move was even possible for low-ranking monsters. In terms of skills, it was a low-ranking, very simple skill. When used by Leon, though, even such a simple skill became a weapon with enough destructive force to blow away a capital.</p>

      <p>To think that just a single breath from a living thing could cause enough destruction to erase a city; ridiculous didn’t even begin to describe it, but in this world, that was what being the strongest meant. It meant being able to destroy the world if the person wished. That was the first condition for joining the category.</p>

      <p>Lufas, Benetnasch, and the Devil King each had so much power that they could quickly and easily turn Mizgarz into space dust if they felt like it. Erasing a country was child’s play. Even erasing a continent was just a matter of course. That ability was what made them powerful, and that power was what made them the strongest.</p>

      <p>The breath Leon was about to unleash would most likely easily annihilate the centaurs’ village—no, the entire demihuman settlement along with the forest. It would kill many demihumans as well as Jean, since he was unfortunately in the breath’s path, and even deal massive damage to the Twelve Stars. And none of the combatants had a way to stop Leon. Leon had enough attack power that canceling the breath out was impossible, though there might have been a way to avoid it.</p>

      <p>In an attempt to at least shave away some of the breath’s power, Karkinos stood in front of the attack in his giganticized form, prepared for the massive damage he was about to take.</p>

      <p>But right afterwards a rainbow-colored meteor came flying in, kicking Leon’s jaw upwards and forcing his mouth closed.</p>

      <p>“Gah?!”</p>

      <p>A small figure wrapped in rainbow-colored flames slammed another kick into Leon’s closed mouth. When the kick landed, Leon’s entire giant body was lifted upwards as the figure emitted flames from its hands to accelerate. The entire sequence was like a joke. The figure maneuvered above Leon, and this time, it kicked him downward.</p>

      <p>Leon quickly attempted a counterattack...but unfortunately, his target was too small.</p>

      <p>Size meant strength. Being bigger naturally meant having more weight behind your attacks while also spreading the force of your enemy’s attacks along a greater surface. What was a huge boulder to a human looked like nothing but a granule of sand to Leon. This applied to the gigantic forms the other Twelve Heavenly Stars could take as well. Though their stats didn’t change, they gained not only an intimidating form, but also extra power that wasn’t expressed in pure stats.</p>

      <p>Being small also had its merits, and this was one of them. Attacks were harder to land on those who were smaller. The rainbow-colored flames dealt damage based on the target’s toughness, which was a skill for bringing down those stronger than the user. The difference in size meant nothing to that skill.</p>

      <p>The small figure—Aries—landed in front of Libra and the others and he turned around with an embarrassed look.</p>

      <p>“Um... Sorry I’m late, everyone.”</p>

      <p>“No, that was good timing, Aries. We’ve been waiting for you.”</p>

      <p>Leon’s strength was already off the rails. Now that even Libra’s full salvo did almost negligible damage, there were very limited ways for them to pierce through his defenses. His toughness even exceeded Karkinos’s, whose only redeeming feature was his defense. At this point, the crab no longer had a role.</p>

      <p>Aries alone was different. His flame was unique; it ignored all defenses. In order to combat Leon’s massively inflated vitality, what was needed wasn’t Brachium, which couldn’t be repeatedly fired, but Aries’s flames, which changed strength depending on the opponent. At this point, the firepower Aries was uniquely poised to bring to bear exceeded even Lufas. In other words, with Lufas not in the picture, Aries held the potential to defeat Leon in his hands.</p>

      <p>Still, he didn’t stand a chance in a one-on-one fight, so Libra and the other’s help was needed for him to win.</p>

      <p>“You weaklings...! How dare shits like you do this to meeeee!”</p>

      <p>Leon flared with anger as he glared at Aries, and Aries made sure to meet his gaze, even though he was afraid.</p>

      <p>The Lion King Leon was the strongest monster. Aries had admired him. He’d wanted to be like Leon someday. He’d envied Leon, thinking, <em>how nice would it be to be strong like that? </em>After all, Leon had always been strong, and it seemed to Aries that he lived in an entirely different world.</p>

      <p>But right now, what Aries felt for Leon wasn’t respect or envy or yearning. It was pity and disappointment. Now that he’d been reduced to the Goddess’s puppet, he was nothing but laughable. This form didn’t suit him at all...and Aries felt disappointed from the bottom of his heart.</p>

      <p>“Mesarthim Version One!”</p>

      <p>Aries cloaked his entire body in rainbow-colored flame, and his hair billowed. If Lufas were to see him, she’d probably react with “I said Mesarthim’s not that kind of... Oh, it is that kind of skill.”</p>

      <p>Aries chose not to use his giant sheep form to fight Leon. For this fight alone, Aries wanted to fight in the human form given to him by Lufas.</p>

      <p>Resonating with his will to fight, Scorpius and Aigokeros took their gigantic forms simultaneously. This time, the main attacker would be Aries, so they needed to stop him from being attacked as much as possible. That was exactly what their gigantic forms were for. The situation called for more targets. In an instant, they’d resolved themselves to become walls for Aries for the sake of victory.</p>

      <p>“OOOOOOARRGGHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>“HIIIISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!”</p>

      <p>Both Aigokeros and Scorpius jumped at Leon at the same time, trying to pin him down with their bodies. Karkinos jumped in a beat later, starting a scuffle between four gigantic monsters.</p>

      <p>Irritated, Leon bared his fangs, but that just allowed Karkinos to stuff his pincer inside Leon’s mouth. Karkinos added his counter skill, Acubens, to the claw, causing Leon to bleed. But Karkinos wasn’t completely fine either. His claw had been crushed in Leon’s jaw, and he even took a headbutt from Leon on top of that and was sent flying.</p>

      <p>That was when Aries jumped in with a kick, snapping off one of Leon’s fangs and sending his giant body flying backwards. Aries followed up by launching fire from his palms, continuing his combo from afar.</p>

      <p>Leon opened up his huge jaw, but a black tentacle appeared on the ground under him, binding him and delaying his attack. Even though he escaped his bindings quickly, it was already too late for Leon to unleash his roar.</p>

      <p>Aries generated jets of fire towards the ground in order to ascend straight upwards. Next, he turned his jet towards the sky to rapidly descend, ramming a fist into Leon’s head. That single strike embedded Leon’s head in the ground, causing the earth to shake.</p>

      <p>But as expected, the Lion King’s stamina was a cut above the rest. He’d already taken five hits from Aries, which should have dealt almost 500,000 HP in damage, but he still stood back up and opened his mouth. Right before he could unleash his roar, Suzuki aimed at Leon’s eye and fired his mana rifle. Leon closed his eye reflexively, allowing Aries to escape Leon’s aim.</p>

      <p>Even though he’d avoided a direct hit, Aries had still been grazed, which sent his slim body flying. However, Aigokeros jumped in before Leon could follow up, lifting him up from underneath and throwing him.</p>

      <p>“Grk... Urghh...”</p>

      <p>“Aries! Are you okay?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah. I can still fight... I’m fine.”</p>

      <p>It had only been one hit, and just a graze at that, but Aries was covered in wounds. His clothes were in tatters, and though it was all right since he was male, his appearance would have been so lewd he’d have been forced to retreat if he were female. His white skin was covered in wounds, and it looked even worse, because he was so cute.</p>

      <p>But the will he still harbored behind his eyes hadn’t weakened in the slightest, and he once again wrapped his body in rainbow-colored flame. If it weren’t for the defensive buffs cast on him by Dina, he might have been done after that one hit.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Aigokeros, Karkinos, and Scorpius were all putting up a hard fight. Sagittarius and Castor had relegated themselves to ranged support fire, and Suzuki persistently aimed at Leon’s eye with his mana rifle, since he wasn’t able to deal damage anyway.</p>

      <p>Virgo quickly rushed to Aries’s side and healed him with heaven-arts, while Libra hit Leon with full salvos from her cannons whenever she found an opening. As for poor Sei, he screamed along with Sargess, both of whom had woken up because things had gotten so noisy and frantic.</p>

      <p>“M-MONSTER FIGHT?!”</p>

      <h1>18</h1>

      <p>“Storm Harpoon!”</p>

      <p>Castor swung his beloved anchor, launching an invisible wave of wind pressure aimed at Leon’s head. Castor was only using magic, but the magic he used was powerful enough to carve a fissure into the ground several hundred meters long. Even then, it was nothing more than a light punch to Leon. It wouldn’t do much more than distract him, but that was enough. Distracting him was good.</p>

      <p>“Luna Tentacle!”</p>

      <p>Aigokeros followed up by summoning a set of tentacles of darkness that mobbed Leon. It would be wrong to question him as to why he’d created this lion x tentacles scene. Aigokeros was fighting seriously, but the binding only lasted a moment. Leon easily ripped apart his bindings before charging at Aigokeros, who’d been marked as a huge annoyance, but Leon never reached his target.</p>

      <p>Karkinos stepped between them, forcing a clash between a giant crab and lion. The aftershocks of their collision snapped trees in two and shook the earth. The Acubens counter sent Leon flying, but Karkinos once again immediately fell to the ground. He’d reached his limit and wasn’t able to continue defending against Leon’s attacks.</p>

      <p>Karkinos’s defense was the highest among all the Twelve Heavenly Stars; it even exceeded Leon’s when he was in a normal state at level 1000. Adding his defense buffing skill, Tegmine, on top of that made Karkinos’s defense stat reach over 20,000, which would invalidate most attacks made on him. But at the moment, Leon was abnormal. He had enough power to force his way through Karkinos’s defenses, allowing Leon to defeat Karkinos, who specialized in battles of attrition. On top of all that, Leon was still on a rampage, even after all this, so it was clear he’d gone berserk.</p>

      <p>“Grafias!”</p>

      <p>Scorpius threw her deadly poison breath at Leon. The poison she unleashed was different from normal poison in that it could stack.</p>

      <p>Just as Lufas had stated before, the hardest part about dealing with this scorpion was the fact that she could poison you more when you were already poisoned. Normal poison worked by dealing 1 damage per second, and that was it. But Scorpius was different. By applying more poison, she could add even more instances of poison, turning 1 damage per second to 2, 3, 4, or even 10. However, even that threat was nothing but a small decrease when taking Leon’s massive vitality into account. Poison that wouldn’t disappear would surely kill him eventually, but that eventually was going to take a long time. At the very least, it wouldn’t happen within the time frame of this battle.</p>

      <p>“Cheeky bitch!”</p>

      <p>Leon jumped, landing on top of Scorpius’s giant form. Now that the shield named Karkinos was out of the picture, there was no way to stop Leon’s attacks. Just one attack put Scorpius out of the fight, and a follow-up stomp crushed her exoskeleton.</p>

      <p>Aigokeros leapt at Leon from behind, but he didn’t even turn around. He just swiped his tail to disperse Aigokeros’s giant phantom clone.</p>

      <p>“You...!”</p>

      <p>“Stop, Aries! If you jump in recklessly—”</p>

      <p>Aries used Leon’s blind spot to jump in and unleash a kick, but it seemed as if Leon had predicted that, as he simply moved his head a little to dodge the attack. Then, he turned around and instantly captured Aries using his tail.</p>

      <p>“Gah! Agh!”</p>

      <p>“I finally caught you... You’ve been buzzing around for too long... Letting small fry like you do as you please for this long hurts my pride. Looks like it’s time this small fry started acting like one and shut up,” Leon said, irritated, as he strengthened the grip of his tail.</p>

      <p>When he did so, an ominous creaking could be heard coming out of Aries’s bones, and his face twisted in anguish.</p>

      <p>Even though Libra and Sagittarius fired at Leon, he was able to dodge by jumping with his giant body. Unlike what his size suggested, he was incredibly spritely.</p>

      <p>“I’ll finish you off later... Other people’re first. Just sit there and wait quietly,” Leon said without even looking at Libra and the others as he gripped with his tail even harder.</p>

      <p>He probably intended to squeeze Aries to death just like that. But no, it didn’t turn into something as simple and easy as that. Leon moved Aries in front of his face and exposed his fangs.</p>

      <p>“I’ll give you the end you deserve. I’ll eat you like the trash monster you are!”</p>

      <p>It was no longer even clear if Aries was present enough to listen. There was a blank look in his eyes as he’d lost consciousness.</p>

      <p>In the end, this was the difference in their strength. Percentile damage was all well and good, but it was still only natural for the side with an overwhelming stat advantage to win. Leon, sure of his victory, opened his mouth wide.</p>

      <p>“Hermes Thrice-Mighty.”</p>

      <p>A voice rang through the air and mana gathered. Right afterwards, three magic circles appeared at the same time, surrounding Leon’s huge body on three sides and exposing him to a flooding torrent of water. The pressure of the unleashed water was comparable to the deep sea, and the water eventually transformed into a fixed pyramid shape. Now that the enormous mass of water had condensed and compressed into a fixed shape, the internal pressure of the water easily exceeded tens of thousands of tons.</p>

      <p>Such a sudden attack caused Leon to let Aries go, but the attack from the sudden interloper still wasn’t over.</p>

      <p>“Exgate!”</p>

      <p>Time and space wavered. Leon’s surroundings transformed into a pitch-black space with nothing in it, and a single blue-haired girl appeared in front of the Lion King, who was trapped in a pyramid of water. There was nothing else there—neither the forest, the centaurs’ village, nor anything else. The only things still left were living beings like Aries, Castor, and Sei. Nothing non-living, including Libra, was around.</p>

      <p>The girl looked down upon Leon, smiling scornfully as several hundred magic circles deployed simultaneously in the void.</p>

      <p>“Morning Venus!” The girl declared.</p>

      <p>At the same time, a storm of meteors rained down in the void.</p>

      <p>In order to avoid causing a disaster to the planet and still use this spell, Dina’s countermeasure was exceedingly simple. She merely caught everything in a wide area—a radius of several kilometers—in an Exgate. As a result, everything that made up the world had been ejected into a subspace created by the Exgate, leaving behind only living things that hadn’t consented to using the Exgate. Dina hadn’t forced Leon somewhere with an Exgate. She’d just gotten rid of everything else with an Exgate, creating a unique point in space where nothing would get damaged.</p>

      <p>The shining, golden meteors directly impacted Leon one after the other from above the pyramid, causing a chain of explosions. Just like that, Dina attacked Leon while sealing his movements. At the same time, she put up a shield to protect herself and the others from the aftereffects of the impacts. She didn’t stop there either. She also pointed a finger at the unconscious Aries, fully healing him with heaven-arts.</p>

      <p>Dina was maintaining an Exgate, using two spells, and two heaven-arts all at the same time. Such abnormally superhuman technique had Kross’s draw dropping so far it nearly separated from the rest of his face as he muttered, “Impossible...”</p>

      <p>Then, the magic ended, and the world returned to the way it had been.</p>

      <p>Dina confirmed that her surprise attack had worked before noticing that she was being stared at very harshly by Libra. Breaking out in a cold sweat, Dina thought, <em>I might have revealed too much...</em> While reflecting on that, she opened a crack in space and ran.</p>

      <p>“The rest is up to you, Aries. It’ll be okay... You can win.”</p>

      <p>With those last words, the storm abated. After that, Aries opened his eyes dazedly, wondering what happened. Meanwhile, Leon stood up and looked for the interloper, but she was nowhere to be found.</p>

      <p>Dina knew her own limits. She knew how weak she was, so she never made the mistake of lingering on the battlefield for too long. She was the fastest in the world at running away, after all.</p>

      <p>“Dammit! Who the hell was that?! Come out here. I’ll devour you!”</p>

      <p>Leon had flown into a rage, while Aries only vaguely realized that he’d been saved.</p>

      <p><em>From the looks of things, it was probably Dina. I’m fully healed, and there aren’t many people who can pull off such a brilliant ambush while healing people. But if that’s the case, she could have fixed my clothes, too, while she was at it...</em></p>

      <p>As before, Aries’s clothes were still in tatters, and he was only looking progressively lewder. He sighed, though he had no way of knowing that Dina had left him like that on purpose so that she could get a good eyeful.</p>

      <p>Now the situation had gone back to square one, except for the fact that Leon had lost a lot of health in that ambush, though that wasn’t technically correct. Dina had just dealt a massive blow in pure numbers, but in the face of Leon’s incredibly bloated HP pool, one of Aries’s fire-wreathed punches would still have done more. Aries was still the only reliable attacker in this situation, and the gap in their abilities was still the same.</p>

      <p><em>As it is, things’ll just be a repeat of before.</em></p>

      <p>But in the midst of Aries’s worries, he felt someone putting their hand on his head. He quickly turned around, and for an instant, he felt as if he saw his master, Lufas. Her expression was that of days past, back when she had been feared as a great conqueror and was full of self-confidence.</p>

      <p>“What are you scared of, Aries? You are one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars We’ve personally approved of. You don’t fall short of him in any way. Have confidence. You are strong. Now go teach that idiot a lesson or two. Show him the strength of the one he called a small fry.” Lufas laughed, fearless, before disappearing in a haze.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>