<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3"><div class="main">
      <h1>A Citizen Speaks</h1>

      <p>Mjolnir was hit with aftereffects from the fight between Lufas Maphaahl and Benetnasch. Of course, this concerned ordinary citizens as well. There were earthquakes and aftershocks with the intensity of typhoons, as well as tornadoes and good old shockwaves. Even though they had never been directly attacked or dealt any direct damage, the people had seen something straight out of an apocalypse. It was only natural that people started to panic, thinking just that.</p>

      <p>The military police asked around, investigating what was going on, and as a result, they ran into a certain vampire. This vampire had just happened to have been on guard at the highest point in Mjolnir that day. This vampire, Laggart (age 560), had seen Lufas Maphaahl and Benetnasch fighting. This was what he had to say:<br/><br/></p>

      <p>You’re talking about that day? Yes, of course I remember. I mean, there’s no way I could forget it. Even an unimportant vampire like me’s heard of the monstrous strength of the Black-Winged Conqueror and the Vampire Princess... Oh man, they aren’t just monsters.</p>

      <p>What is it called...? A phenomenon...? An event...? Hmm... It’s hard to describe, but it’s like they’re no longer even in the same dimension of just “fighting,” you know?</p>

      <p>That day, I was on guard in the clock tower, Mjolnir’s tallest building. And you see, to tell you the truth, there’s a really nice mansion near the castle, and no one knows what it’s even used for. No one. I mean, no one was living in it or using it as, like, a vacation home, but for some reason, it was still made out of Mizar steel. It was so uselessly tough. Well, among us guards, we thought it was supposed to be like a shelter if monsters attacked or something. Turns out we were wrong, though. But that’s only to be expected, right? I mean, what normal person would expect people to fight in there?</p>

      <p>So anyway, I was just watching the mansion as usual, without any real purpose in mind, you know?<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Laggart paused.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>I mean it. There was basically no reason to be looking that way. It just happened to be in a really noticeable place... Anyway, I just happened to be staring off into space in that direction.</p>

      <p>Huh? “What about your job?” Oh, well... Yeah, uh... I wasn’t really skipping, you know? It was just a little diversion.</p>

      <p>Anyway, as I was watching it, the wall was sent flying all of a sudden. The next thing I knew, a stone fist came falling down to the ground a little ways away from Mjolnir.</p>

      <p>As I was saying, vampires have pretty good eyes, right? So when I squinted and looked, I could see a black-winged girl and the Vampire Princess talking about something. I couldn’t see them move at all, but judging from the situation, I could somehow tell that they were fighting inside the mansion. And that fight had moved outside.</p>

      <p>As for the fight itself... Sorry. To be honest, I couldn’t see it at all. As a vampire, I’m pretty confident in my kinetic vision myself, though. I was just barely able to surmise that something was moving at unbelievably high speeds.</p>

      <p>Do you get what I mean by that? It’s the difference between being able to “tell,” and being able to “kind of guess.” My eyes couldn’t even follow the afterimages, and that’s from watching from that far away. If I was closer, I wouldn’t have been able to understand what was going on at all.</p>

      <p>Moving on, explosions and lights and all kinds of stuff just kept happening one after the other... Well, they were probably using magic.</p>

      <p>Sorry I couldn’t be of more help.</p>

      <p>Anyway, seeing a fight between two high-leveled people just looks like that from a normal person’s perspective. That... The world at level 1000 isn’t a place that people should be allowed to enter. I’m serious.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>With that, the normal person, who was lauded for being level 65 and had gotten a glimpse into the other side of the world, laughed dryly.</p>

      <p>After that, the military police realized that what they were doing had no meaning, so they stopped their investigation efforts immediately. Investigations like this were for fights between people or monsters. There was no point in investigating a fight between two natural disasters.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>