<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_5">
    <div class="main">
      <p>All the other Twelve Stars gathered here looked nice and pretty, which made their strong features stand out even more in a bad way.</p>

      <p>“But it looks like Lufas isn’t here... This is looking like it’ll be a boring fight...” Leon said, spitting out his words.</p>

      <p>Aigokeros’s anger spilled out, covering him in dark mana. “Oh? That’s some cheek. Bold for a traitor.”</p>

      <p>Even seeing Aigokeros change from an elderly gentleman to a goat-headed demon in an instant couldn’t break Leon’s composure. Instead, he just made a small gesture, signaling Aigokeros to come at him.</p>

      <p>“You’ll regret this!”</p>

      <p>Aigokeros leapt forward, slamming a fist into Leon’s cheek. The aftershock of the attack was strong enough to destroy some trees behind Leon, but his expression didn’t change a bit. He hadn’t even been knocked backwards a little as he fixed Aigokeros with a cold stare.</p>

      <p>“Aw, what...? That’s some half-assed punch you got there... You see, you gotta punch like this!” Leon shouted as he thrust his fist into Aigokeros’s face.</p>

      <p>Just that was strong enough to blow the monster known as the Demon King away and burst straight through Tyrving’s fortress wall. Aigokeros disappeared, mowing down several buildings in his path.</p>

      <p>Aries was shocked. “Aigokeros?! You...!”</p>

      <p>Furious, Aries leapt forward and unleashed a kick at Leon’s thick neck after seeing his friend get hit. However, Leon simply dodged it with the slightest of movements before pulling back his fist and making sure Aries saw him preparing his counterattack.</p>

      <p>Before that could happen, Scorpius’s hair wrapped around Leon’s arm, stopping it. On top of that, the end of her hair stabbed into Leon’s neck, injecting him with poison.</p>

      <p>“Hee hee hee! You let your guard down, you fool. You know the effect of my skill Shaula, don’t you? The poison it produces can’t be gotten rid of without an elixir or the strongest of heaven-arts. It doesn’t matter how strong you are... You’re done for.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? And...?”</p>

      <p>“What? ‘And...?’ I just told you that you can’t rid yourself of the poison.”</p>

      <p>“So?” Leon grinned widely as he grabbed hold of the hair wrapped around his arm. Then, he spoke as if the poison were nothing to him. “You’re the fool! All that means is that I should kill you all before the poison does its job!”</p>

      <p>Leon pulled on Scorpius’s hair, drawing her in range to punch her in the stomach. When the punch landed, there was an ominous snapping sound of something breaking, and fresh blood spilled from Scorpius’s purple lips. Just like that, Scorpius was thrown away bodily, flying farther and farther until she couldn’t be seen anymore. In the distance, there was a thunderous crash as she struck something.</p>

      <p>Seeing that, Aries couldn’t stop himself from shuddering.</p>

      <p><em>As I thought. He’s really strong...! He’s just preposterously strong!</em></p>

      <h1>9</h1>

      <p>“Don’t get too full of yourself, Leon.”</p>

      <p>Libra’s eyes glinted, and a membrane of light enclosed the surroundings. When the membrane formed, Aries and Dina were pushed out of the field, leaving only Leon, Sagittarius, and Libra inside. Leon and Sagittarius instantly realized what was going on when they saw the field being established.</p>

      <p><em>It’s coming...! The skill that’s buried many warriors in the past, and boasts the greatest annihilation ability amongst anything the Twelve Stars has.</em></p>

      <p>White light converged on Libra, and she shined like a star. The aurora expanded and pulsed.</p>

      <p>“Brachium, activate!”</p>

      <p>Then, the star exploded.</p>

      <p>Inside the field of light, an even more intense light flashed, trampling over everything inside. From the outside, it looked like a storm of light. Colorful particles danced and scattered, piercing through any kind of defense. Neither heaven-arts nor skills had any meaning in the face of it; Brachium was given priority over any ability without question. In short, it was the end as soon as it was activated. Brachium was an unfair skill that would lead directly to death, as long as the victims didn’t have over 100,000 HP.</p>

      <p>The damage it was capable of was something nearly on the level with those of high authority in the world, which was only possible because Libra had once been the guardian of the Goddess’s sanctuary. It was strong enough that Lufas had once said, “In terms of attack power, she might be better than me.”</p>

      <p>And Leon... He easily crossed that whirlpool of light.</p>

      <p>Libra was rendered speechless in surprise.</p>

      <p>“Too lukewarm! Ha!”</p>

      <p>Leon struck out with his stout arm. Libra managed to react in time, crossing her arms in front of her to guard, but a shockwave ran through her steel arms, cracking them. With just one punch, Libra’s body was repelled backwards, dispelling the light field.</p>

      <p>Brachium had definitely activated, and Leon and Sagittarius had definitely been damaged by it. But Leon had a huge enough HP pool that he probably hadn’t needed to worry, so he’d continued on without caring about the damage, closing the gap between himself and Libra. Apparently, Sagittarius had also somehow survived and remained conscious. Libra could see him using some item out of the corner of her eye.</p>

      <p>“OOOOaaarrggghh!”</p>

      <p>Libra leapt out of the way of Leon’s second strike and stopped in midair.</p>

      <p><em>Even though he’s a traitor, he’s still the strongest of the Twelve Stars, I see. He’s not someone who can be fought by ordinary means. Then I’ll just have to use all my trump cards as well.</em></p>

      <p>With that decided, Libra called her new weapon, the use of which had been authorized by Lufas beforehand.</p>

      <p>“Armament selection: Astraia!”</p>

      <p>Responding to Libra’s summons, a port in faraway Blutgang opened, and a set of steel wings flew out. The thing, named Astraia, flew at supersonic speed towards Libra. Once it was near, it commenced support fire, unleashing a flash of light at Leon, who had just leapt into the air.</p>

      <p>“Whoa!”</p>

      <p>Astraia managed to catch Leon completely by surprise, and he was shot out of the air as Astraia looped around above them. It fired a second round, and then a third. Astraia continued to unleash beams from its cannons, keeping Leon in check. Of course, Leon wouldn’t be killed by an attack like that, but while he was distracted, Libra and Aries closed the gap between them and Leon, unleashing a fire-wreathed kick and a slash.</p>

      <p>Seeing that, Leon immediately dodged the kick and caught the blade with his forehead. The blade bit lightly into his skin and drew some blood, but there wasn’t much damage.</p>

      <p>“You’re so annoying!”</p>

      <p>Leon kicked Aries right back, sending him away and burying his slim body in a wall. Next, he punched at Libra, who dodged by a hair’s breadth as she backed off and gained some distance. On top of that, she shot lasers from her eyes as she did so, hitting Leon in the back and further irritating him.</p>

      <p>Taking advantage of that momentary distraction, Libra flew up into the sky above Astraia. Astraia transformed, looking as if it were folding into itself as a red line of light connected it to Libra.</p>

      <p>“Link!”</p>

      <p>The newly created golem made just for Libra combined with her in midair. Astraia’s cannons folded over Libra’s shoulders as if she were carrying them, and two more cannons showed themselves on either side of Libra’s waist. Lastly, Astraia deployed its wings, giving Libra three sets of wings.</p>

      <p>“Docking complete... I’m coming!”</p>

      <p>“The hell is that?!”</p>

      <p>“It looks like she gained a new combat form at some point.”</p>

      <p>Libra pointed her four new cannons and her right arm down at Leon and Sagittarius, fixing them with a hard stare.</p>

      <p><em>The opponent is a former member of the Twelve Stars. A mediocre amount of firepower won’t work here, so there’s only one recourse... Annihilate them with maximum force!</em></p>

      <p>“Firepower at maximum output... Releasing all cannons... Full salvo: fire!”</p>

      <p>Beams of light came out of every one of Libra’s barrels—from her right arm, both shoulders, her hips, and her eyes. Having fired a full salvo from seven weapons, the seven beams of destructive light made a beeline for Leon and Sagittarius.</p>

      <p>The two of them had barely managed to get out of the way, but it wasn’t as if Libra could only fire once. Salvoes of cannon fire rained down upon the two of them, with a slight delay for each one. Each and every shot was from a destructive weapon, which didn’t allow for light jabs. Such fire rained intermittently but consistently down on Leon, and no matter how strong he was, there was no way it wouldn’t do damage.</p>

      <p>Clicking his tongue, Leon jumped up and kicked at Libra. Thanks to the mobility boost afforded to her by combining with Astraia, Libra instantly retreated to an even higher altitude, avoiding Leon’s kick and slamming a full salvo into him as a counterattack, sending him back to the ground.</p>

      <p>“Tch!”</p>

      <p>Leon spun in midair and landed, looking up at Libra balefully. He had her beat in pure combat ability, but the matchup was a little bad for him. While he wasn’t in any danger of being defeated by her, letting things continue like this would just waste his stamina. Leon had no idea when Aigokeros and Scorpius would rejoin the fight either, so he couldn’t afford to have this much trouble with Libra. On top of that, Scorpius’s poison was slowly but steadily shaving away at his HP, furthering his impatience.</p>

      <p><em>Aries is no threat. He’s just filth who used to be a garbage monster. It doesn’t matter how strong trash becomes—trash is always trash. He’s just prey that should never have been allowed in the Twelve Stars in the first place... Someone like that can’t be a threat, so I don’t care about him.</em></p>

      <p><em>As for the blue-haired girl who’s watching from the side... I don’t really get her, but I can probably leave her alone.</em></p>

      <p>“Sagittarius!” Leon shouted.</p>

      <p>“Okay,” Sagittarius responded, drawing his bow.</p>

      <p>Leon grabbed onto the yet-to-be released arrow, and pointed it at Libra. His insanely well-built arm was so strong that grabbing the arrow didn’t shed blood.</p>

      <p>“Al Nassr!”</p>

      <p>Sagittarius’s absolutely accurate skill activated, and the arrow instantly teleported in front of Libra. The unavoidable arrow pierced Libra’s flank, but the real threat was Leon, who had grabbed onto the arrow and moved with it.</p>

      <p>Libra struggled to react in time, much like someone in a panic.</p>

      <p>“I’ve got you!”</p>

      <p>Leon swung down his right fist, which went into Libra’s shoulder, caving in a cannon barrel. Libra thought she would simply be forced to the ground like that, but she barely managed to right herself in time and took flight again. Only there was no way Leon would let her go. He chased after her, unleashing a kick that was like cannon fire itself, blowing Libra away.</p>

      <p>Libra flew backwards in a tailspin, punched through the wall, and entered the nearby capital. There, Leon came crashing in, breaking through entire houses—even though it was his capital—so that he could throw a finishing blow at Libra. The blow was unavoidable, and would easily go through any defense Libra could put up. She was literally in life-threatening danger, but someone barged in and took the blow for her with their face.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What...?!”</p>

      <p>“Tsk tsk tsk... You can’t forget about M E now, can you, Leon?”</p>

      <p>His glasses had been broken, and the ground behind him had been damaged by the aftershock of Leon’s punch, but the person who’d actually taken the blow looked unaffected. He was even smiling calmly as he stood there.</p>

      <p>“Here, I’ll give this back to you! Acubens!”</p>

      <p>Karkinos threw out a high kick with beautiful, fluid form, but it wasn’t a regular kick. It was a counterattack with the force of Leon’s own attack added to it. That single attack lifted Leon off the ground, and this time, it was his turn to be blown away. After destroying some buildings that were in his path, Leon righted himself and landed, but Karkinos came charging in right afterward.</p>

      <p>“You bastard! You’re just a crab that can’t do anything but wait for other people to attack!”</p>

      <p>“Y E S! Y E S! Y E S! That’s all M E can do. But because that’s the case... I won’t fall short of anyone on this point!”</p>

      <p>Karkinos had brought out his half-scissors from somewhere and was raining attacks on Leon. Of course, they basically didn’t work at all. All it did was irritate Leon, but that was all right, since that was Karkinos’s goal.</p>

      <p>Leon landed a kick to Karkinos’s jaw, knocking Karkinos into the air for a second. Right afterward, a more powerful kick buried itself in Leon’s jaw, sending him up into the air. Then, Karkinos leapt after Leon.</p>

      <p>“Yoooouuu!”</p>

      <p>“Stop, Leon! Don’t attack!”</p>

      <p>Leon ignored Sagittarius’s warning and struck out with his stout arm. The punch’s force caused Karkinos to spin, but he just used that centrifugal force in a counter, which landed on Leon’s cheek, causing Leon to spin even more.</p>

      <p>This style was purely defensive. Karkinos would never use big attacks on his own; he couldn’t. The only offensive skill he had used the enemy’s attack as a trigger for activation, so it wasn’t suited for being on the offensive at all. Being called useless wasn’t exactly false. In truth, Karkinos was the most useless of all the Twelve Stars in offensive situations. He was slow, had no range, and couldn’t manage area of effect—AoE—attacks either. As always, he could only do one thing—“wait and counter.” That was it. But because of that, there was no one more effective when facing off against enemies like Leon.</p>

      <p>Leon was beaten to the ground, and Karkinos approached ever closer. Leon glared at Karkinos with murderous intent as he put as much power as he could into his fist.</p>

      <p><em>Defense? Counters? As if I care. If he’s tough, then I’ll just have to pulverize him even harder.</em></p>

      <p>“OOOOooooOOOOOOAARGGHH!!!”</p>

      <p>Leon visited Karkinos with a storm of blows. The combo had everything from punches to backfists, knee strikes, elbow strikes, rising kicks, ax kicks, roundhouse kicks, and double sledgehammers. Leon beat Karkinos down, struck him upwards, and in general slammed him with as much violence as he could muster. Karkinos’s handsome face was quickly stained with blood as his body was forcefully bent backwards.</p>

      <p>Karkinos’s mouth curved upwards... Next, it was Leon’s turn to pay the price for such violence with his body.</p>

      <p>“H A H A H A H A H A!”</p>

      <p>Karkinos repeated the exact same combo that Leon had hit him with earlier. It ended with him being beaten down and then back up again! The combo was repeated again, and it was Leon’s turn to be covered in blood.</p>

      <p>The damage dealt to Karkinos had been by no means small. No matter how tough of defense he boasted, there was no way Leon’s attacks would’ve done zero damage, but Karkinos was at an advantage, given that he’d dealt more damage to Leon. Karkinos ended with a kick that dropped Leon to the ground as Karkinos himself landed elegantly.</p>

      <p>“Hey! Come on!” Karkinos said, taunting Leon with a finger while the lion was still on the ground.</p>

      <p>Furthermore, that was the moment Dina decided to end her spectatorship as she hit Karkinos with some healing heaven-arts, fully recovering him. That move had just taken away Leon’s option of winning in a battle of attrition, immediately turning the tide of battle.</p>

      <p>Having realized that this had to be bad, Sagittarius moved to support Leon, but he was stopped by the feeling of a barrel being pressed against the back of his head. He didn’t even have to look to know it was Libra.</p>

      <p>On top of that, Aries got back up unsteadily as the phantom of a large goat manifested in town along with a giant scorpion monster. The two of them, who had clearly recovered, were filled with murderous intent, and it seemed as if they’d completely forgotten about their enemies being former comrades. Karkinos let out a strained chuckle seeing them like that before turning to Leon.</p>

      <p>“It’s checkmate. This fight is over, Leon.”</p>

      <p>Leon could only grit his teeth in frustration.</p>

      <h1>10</h1>

      <p>In the past, he believed that he was the strongest. He was unrivaled by those around him from the moment he was born. He was born to be on top of all monsters from the beginning. The power he had from birth was just on a different level, as were his rank, base stats, and upper limits. Leon was born with all of those things at a level far removed from his peers, so everyone around him worshiped and obeyed him as a king as if it were only natural. In turn, Leon also accepted that this was the natural state of things.</p>

      <p><em>I’m strong, so it’s only a matter of course that other people follow me, </em>he thought<em>. I’m allowed to treat these lesser beings however I want; strength gives me absolute authority.</em></p>

      <p>He never once thought of other monsters as the same as him. <em>I’m at the top, and all of you are lower than me.</em> That was what Leon felt from the bottom of his heart, and because their power was too different, no one could object to that. Rather, Leon would just eat them if they did.</p>

      <p>Was it hubris born from too much pride? Or was it a childish delusion born from his desire to believe he was special? No, Leon rejected all of that. To him, it was all the truth. <em>I am better than all of you. I always have been.</em> And that was all that mattered.</p>

      <p>Having decided that, and with no one to stop him, Leon plumbed the depths of tyranny. There was no way anyone was able to fight evenly with him. <em>Ah, such pleasure. This sense of absolute superiority is all thanks to being born a king.</em></p>

      <p>As it was, Leon would get into fights he knew he would win, and he won those fights because it was predestined.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll definitely win. It’ll come true if I believe. Beating people down who come to face me spouting shit like, “We have our sights set on the future, so there’s no way we’ll lose to some beast” while laughing and dominating them with pure force is just bliss! It doesn’t matter what people believe, what future they wish for, or even if they’re right. Weaklings are weaklings, and trash is trash.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’m absolutely strong, so it doesn’t affect me no matter what small fry like them shout. I can do anything. If that frustrates anyone, they can just try to stop me. But they can’t, can they? And that’s the end of it.</em></p>

      <p>In the end, Leon thought of everyone else as nothing but bugs to be squished at his leisure. No matter what he did, it didn’t affect him in any way. He wasn’t even aware that he was doing anything wrong.</p>

      <p>Leon had never felt like he would lose. In fact, he’d never met anyone who was his equal, and he never doubted that would be the case for his entire life.</p>

      <p><em>It seems like there’s the Vampire Princess, the Devil King, and the Dragon King on the other side of the ocean, but they’re probably all small fry.</em> Since this was how Leon thought, there was nothing to be surprised about when he heard that the Dragon King had been killed by some heaven-winged person. All he thought was, <em>Ah, so a weakling beat another weakling</em>, and he promptly forgot about the whole thing.</p>

      <p>He would eventually realize that had been a mistake, because none other than that very same heaven-winged—Lufas Maphaahl—would assault his territory. That was his first experience being dominated by sheer power, since he was usually the one doing so, as well as the first time he was ever afraid of an enemy.</p>

      <p><em>So this is fear. This is pain. And this is defeat.</em></p>

      <p>All the things that Leon expected to never experience in his entire life were carved into him by one woman in a single night. It wasn’t a fight where he was expected to win, so he just had to carry things out like expected. Leon had never even imagined a fight where he would be forced to throw himself at an opponent that he didn’t expect to win against.</p>

      <p><em>I won’t accept it... I won’t accept that I was bested by a single woman...!</em></p>

      <p>The fight ended in Leon’s defeat, and he was added to the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, who were Lufas’s subordinates. He was relieved that he hadn’t been killed, but at the same time, he was ashamed to be relieved. There was no greater humiliation in his eyes. The fact that he was lined up in the same group as some insignificant bug like Aries was also a great disgrace akin to being executed.</p>

      <p><em>I can’t stand this. I hate everything about this. No one is allowed to be above me. I won’t allow it. Yeah, I’ll have my revenge for this humiliation. I will never forgive Lufas Maphaahl. I will definitely kill her. I won’t let anyone else have that right. Next time, I’ll be sure to pound her into dust, force her down, and dye her smug, good-looking face in fear as she painfully realizes her own defeat. And once she starts begging for her life, terrified, I’ll bite into that white neck and eat her until there aren’t even any bones left.</em></p>

      <p><em>Once I do that, I’ll finally go back to being the true strongest. I’m sure the feeling of eating her, who is unmatched by anyone else, will be so pleasurable it’ll be like I climaxed.</em></p>

      <p>That was the first strong desire that Leon ever had, and it was twisted beyond measure.</p>

      <p>Among all the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, Leon was unique. He was the only one who didn’t respect or worship Lufas. In fact, he despised and resented her. He swore that he would one day kill her.</p>

      <p>The actions Leon and Benetnasch took were similar, but the feelings behind them were the exact opposite. The reason Benetnasch had attacked Lufas was because her love had been flipped upside down, but the reason Leon did so was because of pure hatred and murderous intent. It was far removed from Benetnasch’s lukewarm feelings of familiarity. That was why he couldn’t be satisfied with how things had turned out. He couldn’t allow himself to forgive Lufas, who had just shoved the loss down his throat and then disappeared on her own.</p>

      <p><em>I’m going to be the one to kill her. Shouldn’t she be killed by me instead of anyone else?</em></p>

      <p>But Lufas ignored that and fought on her own whims before disappearing just like that. <em>Now I’ll have lost to you forever. I’ll never be able to regain my pride.</em></p>

      <p>With his goal lost, Leon threw away his title as one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars and spent some time doing nothing; he’d only started taking action recently. Up until then, he’d just been randomly killing and eating adventurers and devilfolk as they came to him, but apparently the other monsters thought that he was protecting them.</p>

      <p>By the time he’d noticed, he was being worshiped by bug people and snake people—all folk he didn’t care about. They all praised him, saying that he was their king. Basically, it was a return to the past. The people around him fell at his feet on their own due to his overwhelming strength, but he wasn’t unhappy about it. <em>That’s right. I am a king. I’m a paragon of strength people will bow to, even if I don’t do anything. This is the natural state of things. It was everything else up until now that’d been strange.</em></p>

      <p>Having reached that conclusion, Leon allowed them all to gather under him. Leon honestly didn’t care about demihuman rights or retaliation against humans at all, but since they all wanted to become his servants, he figured he needed to be generous. That was when he got an idea.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll be able to say that I surpassed Lufas if I conquer the world myself, right? Even Lufas wasn’t able to put the entire world under her thumb, so if I make that happen, then that would mean I’m better than Lufas.</em></p>

      <p><em>Lufas herself is no longer around, so I can’t beat her and overcome her that way. Since that’s the case, let’s prove my superiority by accomplishing what she couldn’t. I’ll prove that I’m above Lufas, something that should have been evident from the start.</em></p>

      <p><em>But... But what the hell is this? I’m just fighting Lufas’s subordinates, the Twelve Heavenly Stars, not even Lufas herself. Why the hell am I being cornered? Why am I being done in by these small fry? I don’t like this... I really, really hate this...</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Dammit...! How could I be toyed with by lowly trash like you bastards and not even Lufas...”</p>

      <p>Leon forced his blood-soaked body upright, glaring at his former colleagues, who were surrounding him.</p>

      <p><em>Colleagues...? No, I’ve never thought of them like that even once. Everyone else is lower than me, so there’s no way I’d think of them like that.</em></p>

      <p>It was true that he was strong. If he were to fight anyone here, he would be able to win one-on-one against any of them, regardless of the elemental type matchup. He’d even be able to brute-force his way past Karkinos’s staying power. But with Dina’s healing in the mix, there was nothing he could do. Even if he were to attack Dina, Karkinos would just get in the way, and Leon wouldn’t be able to escape this situation. On top of that, Libra, Aigokeros, and Scorpius had to be added to the mix.</p>

      <p>Leon was strong—absurdly so—but no matter how strong he was, his opponent was also a group of monsters that surpassed common sense, the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars. Against them, even Sagittarius and Leon together wouldn’t be able to win.</p>

      <p>“Shut up. You’re grating on my nerves.”</p>

      <p>That was when a black flash interrupted Leon. The Moon element spell that Aigokeros let loose, Luna Shooter, hit Leon directly, pushing him back. Following up on that, the giganticized Scorpius grabbed Leon with her pincers and used brute force to slam him into the ground.</p>

      <p>Even if Sagittarius wanted to support Leon, there was nothing he could do. He still had a barrel pressed against his head, though who knew if he would actually support Leon even if he could move freely. At the very least, it didn’t seem like he was trying to find a way to turn this situation around on Libra.</p>

      <p>“Oh, I’m sorry. You’re losing to me, a piece of lowborn trash, so you must be an even bigger piece of lowborn trash, and I can’t seem to hear what you’re saying! You betrayed Lady Lufas, you towering, ripe mountain of shit! Stop your whining!” Scorpius shouted, hysterical, as she brought her pincers down over and over.</p>

      <p>Every time she did, the ground shook, gradually forming a depression. Scorpius didn’t have a scrap of mercy or tolerance for her former comrade. Her world revolved around Lufas, so Lufas was naturally the basis for all her decisions. That was why Leon, who’d betrayed Lufas, was no longer a comrade to Scorpius. He was nothing but an annoying pest of a monster.</p>

      <p>“I mean, aren’t I right?! Hey, say something! Come on! Everyone else thinks so too, don’t they?! I mean, Lady Lufas is always right, which means these people who’re opposing her are all bad! I seriously wonder why these idiots can’t even understand something so simple! Ah, right. I see. They aren’t thinking of anything, are they? That’s why they don’t realize it! Come on! Come on come on come on! Take those filthy heads of yours and scrape them on the ground as you apologize to Lady Lufas! Beg for your life! Say it was all your fault, and that you know you’re idiots and pieces of shit!”</p>

      <p>Scorpius’s words sped up as her incomprehensible rant continued. “Hey what the hell’re you doing I told you to do it already didn’t you hear me are your ears rotten or something I hated that you always got treated so nice just because you’re a little strong it made me so mad ah yeah that’s right it’d all be good if you weren’t around yeah that’s a good idea ah why didn’t I figure out such an easy solution sooner but that’s all right it’s not too late I can just slice you to ribbons and turn you into meat chunks then Lufas’ll praise me and she’ll say that I did great and I’m amazing and she’ll pet me on the head and—”</p>

      <p>“O H...”</p>

      <p>Scorpius continued acting hysterically, and it was no longer possible to understand what she was saying as she persisted in attacking Leon. Karkinos couldn’t help but rub his forehead. Normally, Scorpius could be reasoned with, but once she started going off the rails like this, there was no longer any way to stop her.</p>

      <p>The rest of the Twelve Stars just looked on with blank stares and fed up expressions, thinking, <em>There she goes again... </em>Seeing her like that, it was evident she was so far gone that it brought up a thought: <em>Maybe the Goddess’s brainwashing didn’t have much to do with it.</em></p>

      <p>At any rate, it seemed the fight was over. Actually, Leon would die at this rate, so the others had to figure out a way to calm Scorpius down. It was true that Leon was a traitor, but even so, he was still one of Lufas’s limbs and a member of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, so the decision to kill him had to be made by Lufas herself. It wasn’t all right for her subordinates to decide to cut off one of her limbs on their own, so even if they put him on the verge of death, they mustn’t actually kill him.</p>

      <p><em>I won’t accept it...</em></p>

      <p>That was why none of them noticed Leon’s hatred and anger boiling over as he was hit. They didn’t notice the fact that, because he was cornered, he’d lost all sense of reason. They should have known that there was at least one existence that would see this as a perfect opportunity.</p>

      <p><b>&lt;&lt;</b>Do you want power?<b>&gt;&gt;</b></p>

      <p>Leon’s heart leapt. A kind female voice filled with love tickled his eardrums, and he could feel a premonition of power greater than he’d ever felt before throughout his entire body.</p>

      <p><em>This is what I’ve been waiting for. What I’ve been wanting is right here. Enough power to fight Lufas is right here.</em></p>

      <p><b>&lt;&lt;</b>You are the strongest monster, so this must not be allowed to happen to you. If you wish, I can give you power.<b>&gt;&gt;</b></p>

      <p>Leon saw an unfamiliar but beautiful blue-haired girl in his mind’s eye. She smiled and extended her hand towards Leon. Obviously, this was a ploy by the Goddess and an invitation to Leon’s doom, but the corners of his mouth tilted upwards as he grinned.</p>

      <p><em>Power... It’s power! I won’t lose to anyone as long as I have power. I can even fight Lufas. I don’t need my pride. Power is everything. Power is absolute. Weak people can’t even protect their pride anyway.</em></p>

      <p>Leon didn’t hesitate to grab the hand offered to him.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t need the whole pitch... Stop stalling; hurry and give it! Power. I want it! Shut up and give me absolute power that won’t lose to anyone!</em></p>

      <p><b>&lt;&lt;</b>All right then. I will fulfill your wish.<b>&gt;&gt;</b></p>

      <p>The Goddess smiled and held her hand to Leon. The next moment, Leon’s body explosively filled with divine power.</p>

      <h1>11</h1>

      <p>It happened suddenly. The fight should have been over with everything decided, but the result was overturned by an unscrupulous third party from beyond the board. Leon’s entire body glowed as it overflowed with uncharacteristic holy power, and everyone other than Scorpius, who was in the middle of her hysterics, sensed the danger at the same time.</p>

      <p>“Crap! Get away, Scorpius!” Libra warned.</p>

      <p>But the rampaging scorpion wouldn’t stop. Without noticing, she continued to slam her pincer down time after time, but it was no longer working on Leon. Even while being wailed on by Scorpius, Leon’s body swelled as he threw away his human form. His bright red hair changed into a mane, and fur sprouted from his entire body as he eventually grew even bigger than Scorpius, showing his true form as a ferocious monster. He was the strongest monster, one that had been lined up with the Dragon King, the Devil King, and the Vampire Princess—the Lion King Leon.</p>

      <p>He swiped Scorpius away with his front paw like she was nothing but an annoyance right in front of the other Twelve Stars, who were frozen in the face of his new, overwhelming aura. That action alone caused the giant scorpion to fly away, crushing buildings under her as she slid across the ground.</p>

      <p>“Ggghhh... ROOOAAAARRRRRR!!!”</p>

      <p>Leon let out a beastly howl with no hint of reason behind it before looking straight at the members of the Twelve Stars with murderous intent in his eyes.</p>

      <p>At the same time, Libra pointed all her guns at Leon and fired a full volley. He was engulfed by explosive fire but leapt out of it before the smoke cleared. Leon charged into Karkinos, who reacted fast enough to put himself in the way, along with Libra, both of whom were knocked away.</p>

      <p>Aigokeros’s phantom attacked Leon from behind. The Lion King kicked him with his back leg, dispersing the phantom, before stomping on Aigokeros’s real body, which was on the ground.</p>

      <p>“You! Mesar—”</p>

      <p>Aries jumped and attempted to shoot Mesarthim in midair, but Leon looked at him as if he were a bug and swatted him away with his tail.</p>

      <p>Dina shot a golden beam, but even though it hit Leon directly, he didn’t even flinch. Leon glared at her, and she wasted no time in opening a gate and escaping.</p>

      <p><em>We can’t match him,</em> the Twelve Stars thought as they faced off against Leon.</p>

      <p>They all understood what had happened, since they’d encountered this before. The Goddess most likely had something to do with this, just like with Scorpius. The problem was that Leon was the one strengthened this time, and Lufas wasn’t here. Leon was already strong, and now with the Goddess’s strength on top of that, he’d far surpassed what the Twelve Stars were capable of dealing with. Libra’s cannon fire hadn’t made him falter, and he’d easily broken through Karkinos’s defenses. Even the poison he’d received from Scorpius had disappeared.</p>

      <p>Leon breathed in deeply and set his sights on the members of the Twelve Stars below him—Libra, Karkinos, Scorpius, and Aigokeros. Aries was the only one who’d been sent off in a different direction, so he wasn’t in range... <em>Well, whatever. </em>Leaving a weakling monster like that alive wouldn’t cause any trouble for him. Rather, allowing a monster like Aries to cause trouble for him would hurt Leon’s pride.</p>

      <p>He unleashed a breath attack that boasted the heat of a star, and it assaulted the members of the Twelve Stars. Not even they could survive that attack and be fine if they took it full-on, so what happened was probably lifesaving.</p>

      <p>Right before the breath hit them, Leon thought he heard Sagittarius’s voice.</p>

      <p>“Everyone, grab on!”</p>

      <p>Then, the heat passed. The aftermath was gruesome; even rocks had been melted. But the corpses of the Twelve Stars weren’t there, which meant that they’d all escaped through some means. All that was left was Leon and Aries.</p>

      <p>“Tch! That bastard Sagittarius... He betrayed me!”</p>

      <p>Leon clicked his tongue hatefully before looking over at Aries. He was bathed in Leon’s intense gaze, and there was still no sign of him standing up. Aries had realized the gap in their power, and his instincts had him cowed; he couldn’t rise.</p>

      <p>Seeing this, Leon snorted. “That look suits you, Aries. You’re just a trash monster, after all. Being scared like that is how you should be.”</p>

      <p>“What...?!”</p>

      <p>“It’s true, isn’t it? You were picked up by Lufas, trained by Lufas, and given everything by Lufas. None of that power is yours. Seeing garbage like you treated the same as us makes me sick.”</p>

      <p>Aries stared at Leon in shocked silence.</p>

      <p>It seemed as if Leon had lost all interest in Aries, who wasn’t standing up. As soon as Leon had finished what he wanted to say, he jumped away, leaving the sheep who was too cowardly to even stand alone.</p>

      <p>Aries looked down, frustrated, and tightened his fist. <em>I’m so...so pathetic. I knew that already too. I didn’t need Leon to point it out to me. More than anything, I can’t forgive myself for not standing up.</em></p>

      <p>Even so, Aries couldn’t stop shaking, which made him feel even more miserable.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>