<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>The Dragon King Made a Challenge</h1>

      <p>There were five continents on Mizgarz as well as some islands. People named the five biggest masses of land “The Five Large Continents.” Each of those five continents had its own ruler who spent their time glaring across the water at the others, barely holding together balance.</p>

      <p>Those who ruled the northwestern continent were the nobles of the night, vampires. At their top stood the Vampire Princess Benetnasch. The devilfolk occupied the northeastern continent with their leader, the Devil King. The central continent was home to the most fearsome monsters in the world, with the Lion King Leon at the top, maintaining the rule of survival of the fittest.</p>

      <p>To say that those who lived on the southwestern continent had a leader would be misleading. The Fairy Princess Pollux lived there, yet in no way did she rule anyone. The power she wielded as the opposite force to the devilfolk couldn’t be ignored, though, and even the Lion King or the Devil King couldn’t easily lay their hands on her domain.</p>

      <p>Then there was the southeastern continent... This was where the dragons, hailed as the strongest species, lived along with their royalty, the Dragon King Ladon. There was a problem in the southeast that no other continent had to deal with. The Crown Empire, which represented humanity’s largest country and thus largest piece of land, was in the middle of a battle for survival against the dragons.</p>

      <p>In the past, the dragons and humanity had coexisted based on mutual agreement...or rather, they simply didn’t bother each other, but the Dragon King Ladon had broken that balance. He was born with even more power than those said to be the strongest species and believed that dragons were the ones most deserving of ruling the world as the strongest, so he set out to eradicate humanity.</p>

      <p>In response, the Crown Empire desperately tried to resist, but the difference between people and dragons was clear. Even a dragon child could be matched up against a country’s entire military force, and the outcome would still be up in the air. Against a mature dragon, people stood no chance. This was no bluff; it was common sense and showed just how cruel and merciless the law of strength that controlled Mizgarz was.</p>

      <p>Even passing level 100 was rare for members of humanity, so passing level 200 or 300 made one able to defeat entire countries by oneself, and the average level of a dragon was over 400. Their numbers were few, but some dragons were even over level 600 or 700. If they felt like it, they could turn all of Mizgarz into scorched earth within a couple of days. Among them, the Dragon King reigned the strongest at level 1000. With him, it was no longer a question of winning or losing. He had ten heads, and each had enough power to equal ten dragons, which was why he was said to have “a hundred heads.” It was almost like ten level 1000 dragons had merged into one. Simply meeting the Dragon King meant death.</p>

      <p>However, even in front of such monsters the Crown Empire was still holding on and resisting. In the past, the Crown Empire has built four fortresses in four different directions some distance away from the capital in order to intercept the dragons. Three out of those four had fallen and only the western fortress was left. The lines of battle had now reached the capital of the empire, and every day the dragons invaded with more vigor and ferocity.</p>

      <p>It could actually be said that the Crown Empire had done exceedingly well to hold on for so long. Even if they were the world’s largest country, scholars all over the world had predicted that they wouldn’t last a night against the dragon’s strength. Yet it had already been two months since the fortresses fell...and the country was still standing.</p>

      <p>What was the reason for that? Their national power? Well, they certainly had some power. It was true that they could fight and shelter their citizens because of their plentiful stores.</p>

      <p>Was it the quality of their soldiers? That was also true. The Crown Empire’s soldiers were very well-trained down to the last man, and the army was comprised of strong veterans.</p>

      <p>Was it their excellent tactics? This also couldn’t be ignored. Captain Alphecca and one of his subordinates, the mage Meridiana, both used their wealth of experience gained over long years of battle to always come up with the best answers in order to defend the western fortress.</p>

      <p>However, even combined, those answers would only result in the dragons easily crushing the Crown Empire. Even so, the dragons couldn’t. Why was that?</p>

      <p>There was but one answer. Because there was a monster that could even repel dragons.</p>

      <p>“Transmute: Winter of Swords!”</p>

      <p>A woman’s voice reverberated through a wasteland currently serving as the front line of the war with the dragons. At the same time, countless giant swords burst out of the ground, skewering wyverns and lifting them up into the air one after the other. The one who watched over and controlled so many swords was a single heaven-winged woman who was currently floating in the air. Her large black wings were spread wide. Lufas crossed her arms as she declared, “Shoot straight through them!”</p>

      <p>As soon as she’d spoken, a storm of swords brewed, skewering even more dragons in droves. A dragon’s scales were definitely not brittle or soft. They could deflect swords, spears, and even cannons without a scratch. This natural defense was a dragon’s pride. Their scales could withstand the heat of magma, wouldn’t burn when exposed to lightning, and could even withstand high-pressure water strong enough to cut diamond. The fact that they were being pierced through as if they were paper was like a bad joke.</p>

      <p>“Aqua Tornado!”</p>

      <p>Next, a man’s voice rang out. Mana condensed in the air and turned into water before swirling and becoming a waterspout. The waterspout stuck itself into the head of a nearby dragon and only came back out the other end after wreaking merry havoc inside the thing’s body. The user of such excessive magic, Megrez, turned his spell onto another dragon, but it was struck from the side by the dwarf blacksmith Mizar and was sent flying.</p>

      <p>On top of that, Alioth leapt into the storm of swords that Lufas had whipped up, easily scoring a kill and continuing on to leap around freely, cutting apart dragons.</p>

      <p>While watching her reliable friends’ exploits out of the corner of her eye, Lufas snapped her fingers and gathered the mana that was the source of the dragons’ power to her fingertip. Eventually, it came to form a shining golden apple, which Lufas wasted no time biting into.</p>

      <p>“We did it, everyone! The dragons have been decimated! All that’s left are several wyverns!”</p>

      <p>“Lufas and the others have grizzly strength. They’re almost too reliabear.”</p>

      <p>Seeing the four adventurers’ exploits, the empire soldiers Phecda and Dubhe heaped praise on them. Lufas and the others’ fight was truly one of mighty warriors; each member of Lufas’s party could take on thousands. The imposing figures—as they destroyed dragons of all things—were now the hope of the entire empire.</p>

      <p>But Lufas herself wasn’t happy. In fact, everyone around her could tell she seemed unsatisfied. She was seeing the bodies of several soldiers that were lost to the battle. Lufas was unmistakably a hero. No one else could fight like her. However...</p>

      <p>Even she couldn’t keep the losses at zero.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“That can’t be! What are you thinking, my liege?!”</p>

      <p>Alphecca’s shout echoed off the walls of the throne room.</p>

      <p>After finishing the battle with the dragons, Lufas and the others had been invited to have an audience with the king, who was supposed to praise them for their hard work. This had been happening almost every day for the past few days, so by now all the soldiers knew that maintaining the battle lines without Lufas and the others was impossible. That was why everyone was convinced that they would be seeing the same boring scene they’d been witnessing for the past two months. But that day, what Lufas and the others received wasn’t praise.</p>

      <p>“It is as you heard, Alphecca. We will be handing Lufas, Alioth, Megrez, and Mizar over to the Dragon King.”</p>

      <p>“Wh-Why...?! If you do that, our country will be destroyed!”</p>

      <p>The four people who comprised Lufas’s party were now a necessary defense for the Crown Empire. Without them, the Empire would be trampled over in an instant. War was about numbers, but that was only true as long as the individual’s strength was limited to what would be sensible for humanity. As soon as a person stepped outside of that, this theory no longer applied. No matter how many tens of thousands of level 100 humans you gathered, they wouldn’t hold a candle to a single dragon. Opposing someone who completely outclassed you wasn’t about numbers. What was needed was someone else who also transcended common sense.</p>

      <p>“We have been contacted by the Dragon King. Our losses in this war have gotten too high...” Emperor Borealis, the Crown Empire ruler, continued, coldhearted. “Continuing to lose our beloved brethren like this would be a loss to both of us, so he has said that he will stop his invasion. However, Lufas Maphaahl and her friends have killed too many dragons. They will not be satisfied until Lufas and the others are dead... We’ve been told to hand them over.”</p>

      <p>“A-And...” Alphecca trailed off. “You’re just going to accept that?! That cannot happen! There’s no guarantee the Dragon King will honor his promise!”</p>

      <p>This was a trap. There was no need for Alphecca to put it into words. Everyone knew it was a trap. The Dragon King was the one who had attacked them in the first place, thinking that the current arrangement was too passive. It was impossible to believe that he would change his tune now. This was undoubtedly a plot to dispose of Lufas, who’d been a thorn in the Dragon King’s side.</p>

      <p>Borealis simply shook his head, seeming tired. “It is as you say, Alphecca. But there is also no guarantee that he will break his promise either.”</p>

      <p>“W-Well, yes, but... You should know of his cruelty and brutality as well, my liege! Even if he were to honor his promise and withdraw here, he will simply come back! That’s just how the Dragon King is!”</p>

      <p>“You might be right, but... We’re already exhausted from fighting. Our forces, which used to be in the tens of thousands, now are only a measly ten thousand. All our captured monsters have also been decimated... Our people have suffered untold losses. Even if we continued to fight, we would only be drawing out our destruction.”</p>

      <p>The war with the dragons had caused many losses on both sides, but in terms of pure numbers, humanity had suffered much more. No matter how strong Lufas and her party were, just four people were not enough to protect everything. If the enemy were to split up, Lufas and the others would have no way of protecting everything at once, and their allies would be killed while they were still running to save them.</p>

      <p>Of course, Lufas and her party didn’t simply take that lying down. While using Megrez’s barriers and Mizar’s alchemy to their fullest to defend as wide an area as possible, Lufas and Alioth would run like the wind across the battlefield to destroy the enemy faster than they could destroy the country. But even with all that, they couldn’t completely prevent casualties, though it was possible to lessen them.</p>

      <p>If Lufas and the others wanted to prevent casualties entirely, they’d need to obtain strength that far outstripped the dragons. As long as they didn’t break through the barrier and reach the world beyond level 1000, they would never be able to achieve such a miracle. In other words, it was completely impossible.</p>

      <p>“W-We need their power so that doesn’t happen!”</p>

      <p>“Think about it, Alphecca. It’s true that humanity might be able to win with their power. But...” The emperor hesitated. “Does that victory have a place in our country? Do our people need victory? You see, I thought about it... I thought about it and despaired. The scene of victory I imagined... It was one where only those four survived, and everything else had been turned into a barren wasteland. This country, its prosperity, its people... All of it was gone. Only four victors survived. It was a sad scene with everyone dead...”</p>

      <p>Alphecca couldn’t deny Borealis’s vision of the future because his imagination told him the same thing. It was true. If things continued, they might be able to win as long as those four were around, but surviving such an ordeal was also something only those four people were strong enough to do. For weak people like Alphecca and everyone else, their numbers would dwindle during the fight until, eventually, none of them were left.</p>

      <p>“You understand, don’t you? The Crown Empire wouldn’t be the victor. It would just be four adventurers.” Borealis paused. “I want to protect my people even if it makes me a traitor who sold out the heroes.”</p>

      <p>“B-But...to even consider giving the enemy the people who fought so hard for our country... That would be...!”</p>

      <p>“It is all my decision and my sense of self-defense. If we ever come to see a peaceful time again, then put my head on the chopping block as the villain of the era who sold out the heroes. I won’t ask you to understand... Feel free to insult this foolish king who recklessly went off on his own.”</p>

      <p>Borealis knew full well how shameful and foolish what he was about to do was. He’d probably worried about it greatly. His face, which used to be full of vigor and majesty, now simply looked like that of an exhausted old man. Even with all that effort, he couldn’t see another answer. The only two choices available to him were a victory with no one left or a miserable defeat from trading in the heroes. He had chosen the option that had a higher chance of saving his people, even if it was only by a minuscule amount, despite the possibility of it being a trap set by the Dragon King...</p>

      <p>“Restrain them.”</p>

      <p>Under Borealis’s orders, the knights that were stationed to the sides of the throne room all drew their weapons and surrounded Lufas and her party. Alphecca, Dubhe, and Phecda tried to protect them, but they were outnumbered.</p>

      <p>“Hey, you bastards! Are you really okay with this?! What happened to your pride as knights?!”</p>

      <p>“You’ve gotten this bear pawsatively riled up now! You idiots bearly pass as human!”</p>

      <p>“Calm down, Dubhe! Your tic’s going wild!” warned Phecda.</p>

      <p>Dubhe agreed, settling for a roar.</p>

      <p>After hearing their words, the knight’s faces twisted as they gritted their teeth. “Shut up! Stop talking!”</p>

      <p>“No, I’m going to keep going! You all should be ashamed of yourselves!”</p>

      <p>“Of course we are! But pride won’t protect the people... I hate my own weakness! There’s nothing more shameful than the miserable feeling of having to capture the heroes we owe so much!”</p>

      <p>“The price of betrayal must be repaid with our lives... Eventually, we must take our own lives and go to Valhalla.”</p>

      <p>The soldiers’ faces were all twisted in anguish down to the last man. There were even those who were biting their lips. They were desperate, already at their limits.</p>

      <p>Only four heroes could not protect an entire empire. If things kept going as they had been, the soldiers would lose the country, people, and family they should have been protecting for a single word: victory. In order to avoid that, they only had one choice. They had to place all their hope on the small chance that the Dragon King would actually keep his word. They had to sell out the heroes they owed a debt to and cling to the mercy of the detested Dragon King... They knew that such a wretched method was the only way they could protect their country.</p>

      <p>While that topic was still swirling around the room, Lufas met Megrez’s gaze and laughed. “Megrez.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah... It’s time. Of all things, the chance came from the enemy himself.”</p>

      <p>Lufas and the others were about to be betrayed by the country they had protected and be given to the enemy, but they showed no signs of panicking. In fact, it seemed as if they’d been waiting for this to happen.</p>

      <p>The corners of Lufas’s mouth tilted into a smile right in front of the knights, who seemed confused at the situation, as she boldly walked right past them. The knights managed to react and tried to grab Lufas, but the next moment they were forced to the ground as if by some invisible, insurmountable pressure. It was the unique skill that all heaven-folk had, Pressure. In front of Lufas, no weakling was even allowed to move.</p>

      <p>Just like that, Lufas composedly approached the throne and looked down at the emperor, who was still sitting. “You sure have fallen. I’d heard that Emperor Borealis was filled with vigor and drive and was himself an accomplished Grappler. But you seem more like a withered tree as you are now.”</p>

      <p>“Do you disdain me?”</p>

      <p>“No... You must have your own worries. A ruler’s worries and pain are not something I’m equipped to understand. But if you’re going to sell us out to the Dragon King anyway, Emperor, you could have at least been a little clever about it.”</p>

      <p>Lufas’s expression wasn’t the angry or grief-stricken look of someone who’d just been betrayed. This was because she understood that the decision was something Borealis had made after much worry and lament, that it was a decision he had been forced to come to while at the end of his rope. However, Lufas still wasn’t so kind as to allow herself to just be presented to the Dragon King and killed without resisting.</p>

      <p>“I will allow myself to be offered to the Dragon King as a sacrifice as you so wish. I won’t resist. But... I have no intention of giving you my life for free.” Lufas proceeded to whisper her plan into the emperor’s ear.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>The wasteland seemed to go on forever. A large number of dragons stood there, positioned as if they were under the leadership of a single dragon. Though, single wouldn’t exactly be correct. There were ten dragon heads, so it would be more accurate to say that it was ten dragons in one body, as the Dragon King Ladon had one body but ten heads. He rocked his body, which was three times bigger than the other dragons’ bodies, and looked towards the horizon.</p>

      <p>“Hey, First Head. D’you really think the humans’ll actually send out the sacrifices?”</p>

      <p>“Of course they will, Eighth Head. They are weak and unsightly. Humans will sell out however many of their comrades they must for even the smallest chance to live.”</p>

      <p>Ladon was holding a conversation with himself. Having ten heads meant having ten brains, so each head had its own ego and personality. That was why he was both ten dragons and one dragon at the same time. The Dragon King Ladon was both an individual and a swarm.</p>

      <p>“I’m so excited... I love this so much... Like when those humans come and offer up the sacrifices with those bitter, sorry faces... You love that stuff too, right, Seventh Head?”</p>

      <p>“I see you have taste, Second Head. I suggested this plan exactly because I wanted to see that. Humans have so many emotions and expressions. It makes them that much more fun as toys.”</p>

      <p>The fifth head butted into the seventh and second heads’ tasteless conversation. “Neither of you get it, do you? The best thing is the moment they are betrayed. That’s when they wail things like ‘That’s not what you told me,’ or, ‘That wasn’t the deal,’ or, ‘Damn you, you tricked me!’ And when it comes to crying and screaming humans...!” The fifth head started imitating humans with a pathetic voice.</p>

      <p>The other heads all laughed seeing that impression, cheering on the fifth head and saying that it was spot-on.</p>

      <p>“The best is when the sacrifice ends up being the fiancée or lover of the person who had to bring them here. Then we get to eat her in front of the idiot who came spouting some nonsense like ‘I want to at least be together until the end.’ That’s when the idiot starts crying and attempting to fight us.”</p>

      <p>“Humans are trash, but they’re so fun to play with, aren’t they? And they’re so numerous, so the fun just never ends.”</p>

      <p>The third and fourth heads seemed to get along well as they talked. Their proximity seemed to have had them mesh well. Even their bad tastes matched.</p>

      <p>The tenth head spoke up, chiding the others. “Hey now, all of you. Enjoying ourselves is fine, but don’t lose sight of our goal.”</p>

      <p>“We know. The point is to hurry up and unite this continent so we can take the fight to other places, right? The closest continent would be the central continent...the Lion King Leon’s place.”</p>

      <p>“Hmph. It makes me laugh that he calls himself the strongest monster while forgetting about us. As if some huge cat could win against us,” the ninth and sixth heads replied to the tenth.</p>

      <p>Ladon had but one goal: to make the world his and to reign over everything from above. In order to do that, he had to first deal with the Lion King, the Vampire Princess, the Devil King, and the Fairy Princess. He didn’t have time to waste with this single continent, and he should have been able to overrun a weak race like humans in a moment. But Lufas and the others had prevented that, so Ladon had sent a message to Borealis with the purpose of eliminating said party.</p>

      <p>“Oh, they’re here. They’re here! That’s them, right?” the third head called out, delighted.</p>

      <p>The other heads all faced the same direction. Ahead of them, they saw a cart with four adventurers on it, as well as four knights driving the cart. Eventually, the cart stopped in front of Ladon, and one of the knights raised his voice.</p>

      <p>“Oh Dragon King Ladon! We have brought the adventurers as promised!”</p>

      <p>“I see. You’ve done well to capture them, weak as you are. Did they not resist?”</p>

      <p>“We mixed sleeping medication into their food! Now, we’ve fulfilled our end of the promise. It is time to fulfill yours.”</p>

      <p>At the knight’s words, Ladon’s heads looked at each other and all at once, they started laughing.</p>

      <p>“What’s so funny!”</p>

      <p>“He he he... Good work. Well done, small one. We’re done with you.”</p>

      <p>“Go back and tell your emperor that we’ll be taking down your puny country in a bit.”</p>

      <p>“What?! That wasn’t the deal!”</p>

      <p>“Iiiidiot! Did you really think we’d honor a promise with a human?!”</p>

      <p>Ladon had no intention of honoring his deal from the start. He just wanted to get rid of Lufas and her party. His goal was to control the entire continent and erase all those annoying humans in the first place. He never had any intention of allowing humans to live.</p>

      <p>“This will be your reward for bringing them here. You get to see the death of your precious heroes.”</p>

      <p>The third head grinned widely as he brought his face closer to the cart and swallowed the four adventurers. Then the head chewed, making an elaborate show of crushing meat and bones alike before swallowing. The head looked down to see the knight’s face drenched in despair, but something was off. None of the knights seemed affected by the show. In fact, they were smiling.</p>

      <p>“Fool,” one of the knights muttered.</p>

      <p>That was when all the knights stripped off their armor in unison, revealing the four people who should have been eaten: Lufas, Alioth, Megrez, and Mizar.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha!” Mizar laughed heartily. “It was a great success! They took it hook, line, and sinker!”</p>

      <p>“I was the one who used magic to make dead bodies look like us, though,” Megrez said, making sure to remind everyone of his contribution.</p>

      <p>What the third head had eaten wasn’t Lufas and her party but wyvern corpses. Megrez had disguised the corpses with magic to make them look like Lufas and the others.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yooouuu... Damn you. How dare you fool us!”</p>

      <p>“You cowards!”</p>

      <p>“Have you tried looking in a mirror?”</p>

      <p>Ladon was incensed at Lufas and the others’ trick, but Lufas herself simply turned their indignation right back at them. She didn’t want to be told that by the one who just showed they had no intention of honoring a promise.</p>

      <p>Drawing her favored sword, Lufas walked in front of Ladon fearlessly. “I’ll leave the small fry around us to you three. That one is mine.”</p>

      <p>“You sure? Even you should find it difficult to take him on alone...”</p>

      <p>“No problem. Thanks to fighting so many dragons here, I’ve gotten stronger myself. As I am now, I won’t fall short of even this Dragon King,” Lufas declared, sounding full of confidence as she spread her wings.</p>

      <p>When she’d first arrived on this continent, she wasn’t even level 600, but now Lufas’s level was at 1000, which was the limit in Mizgarz. Lufas’s unique ability to make golden apples allowed her to take in mana far more efficiently than normal, and she’d been fighting consecutively with the strongest species, dragons. As a result, she became strong enough to match the Dragon King.</p>

      <p>However, her opponent was also a monster at level 1000, so Lufas couldn’t let her guard down.</p>

      <p>“You seriously plan to win against me by yourself? You, a mere human?!”</p>

      <p>“Of course I plan to win. That’s why I’m here.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>