<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_6">
    <div class="main">
      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Turning back time, it was now just before Aries and the others made contact with Leon. Lufas and the others were off on their own mission, so Sei and his party were traveling in the camping car golem Suzuki, heading towards the centaurs’ village.</p>

      <p>Of course, the insides of Suzuki weren’t as flush as Tanaka’s were, but even so, Sei and the others were afforded far more comfort than would normally be expected from travel, teaching them just how far removed from the norm Lufas’s skills with alchemy were. They were more than grateful just for the fact that the golem moved on its own, carrying them at a speed of sixty kilometers per hour towards their destination. On top of that, Suzuki was equipped with beds and a sofa, as well as a simple bath, toilet, and even a kitchen.</p>

      <p>Not even nobles had a means of transportation this extravagant. In Laevateinn, the royal family had a special wyvern carriage for their exclusive use. The cabin wasn’t towed along by horses but by captured wyverns. The interior was befitting of royalty in that it was gorgeous, but because of the way it was built, they couldn’t escape the fact that there wasn’t much room. It wasn’t like the wyverns lacked power; it was just that if the cabin was too big, turning would be too hard, and it would be dangerous.</p>

      <p>Suzuki was different. It wasn’t being towed around by horses or wyverns. It could move and turn on its own, so its maneuverability was on a whole other level. Of course, it still wouldn’t be able to turn if it had no room to do so, but it was at least capable of far tighter turns than carriages were. Well, if there were any places that Suzuki couldn’t drive, it’d just fly past, though. It was unbelievable, but they’d come across a huge boulder that they couldn’t circumvent earlier, and Suzuki had just deployed its wings on its own and flew over it.</p>

      <p>On the way, it defeated nearby monsters on its own as well. One time, the party went outside to try and deal with monsters when they appeared, but Suzuki used some sort of cannon-like thing and exploded all of them before the hero’s party could do anything. Basically, they didn’t need to deal with anything weaker than Suzuki themselves.</p>

      <p>By the way, Suzuki’s level was 350, which was even higher than Virgo. As for what that meant, well, Sei and the others couldn’t do anything against a monster that Suzuki couldn’t win against either, which left everything up to Castor. In other words, there was nothing for Sei and the others to do, no matter what happened.</p>

      <p>“Th-This is amazing. This vehicle named Suzuki, that is... It’s way faster than the royalty-only wyvern carriage and far more comfortable too. I heard there are independent golems in Blutgang, but I’m sure even those aren’t this well-done.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. On top of that, there’s a bath, a toilet, a kitchen, and bedrooms. This thing’s got everything. I’ve traveled everywhere as a mercenary, so I’ve experienced both horse-drawn and wyvern-drawn carriages, and I’ve never had a journey this easy.”</p>

      <p>Kross sincerely praised Suzuki’s perfection, and Gantz also strongly expressed how impressed he was. Apparently the camping car was an unknown thing to them, made from technology that they couldn’t even imagine, let alone understand. That wasn’t exactly wrong in actuality. Things like camping cars were normal on Earth, which was far more advanced than Mizgarz. This world was several hundred years away from reaching that point on their own. Well, except for Mizar, who’d made Blutgang and was an exception among exceptions. He was strange enough to have even made Lufas say, “That cheater alchemist. There’s something wrong with his head.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, Kross, could we buy this? Lufas could probably make more of these if she wanted to, so if the country hands over, say, a million el... If we have one of these, our travels will get so much easier.”</p>

      <p>“No, Jean. Not even Lufas Maphaahl can make something like this so easily. This is most likely something like a masterpiece of hers. Never mind one million el... Maybe ten million el... No, but the budget...”</p>

      <p>The party was totally impressed with Lufas’s self-propelled golem, but only Sei had a complicated expression.</p>

      <p><em>It’s true that this is amazing, and if anyone asked me if this was comfortable, I’d have to say it is. But... But... Why a camping car?! Why is something from Earth recreated here? And the name... Suzuki? Seriously? Kross and the others are categorizing Suzuki as a vehicle similar to carriages, both horse and wyvern drawn. But it’s different. It’s called a camping car, and Lufas should know that too.</em></p>

      <p>Actually, when Sei had questioned her about it, Lufas had answered rather normally. In fact, she’d come back with a question of her own, asking, “Would a truck have been better?” Yes, it was clear she knew about Earth and its technology. On top of that, she gave it a name like Suzuki for some reason.</p>

      <p><em>N-No, calm down. That’s not what’s weirdest! The problem isn’t the name. Honestly, there’s so many weird things to point out and retort to, I can’t help but think this is some sort of gag or bit. But whatever. The real problem is why Lufas knows about any of this at all.</em></p>

      <p>Lufas had knowledge from Earth, which meant that there was some way to learn about it in this world, and she had access to it.</p>

      <p>There was a situation a lot like this in a story Sei had read a long time ago. It was a story where the main characters fought lots of enemies in a different world, and the big boss that appeared at the end knew about Earth, since his final plan was to invade it. When Sei thought of that, his face naturally paled.</p>

      <p><em>No. No way... Megrez said that Lufas isn’t an enemy. But... She does have a history. Setting aside whether she’s good or evil, she actually did aim for world domination through military expansion two hundred years ago. That’s indisputable history. So maybe... Maybe her goal actually includes Earth? I heard from Megrez that she aimed to unite the world through power because she was so sad at its current state, but if you flip that around, that just means that she’s the type of person who’s not afraid to get violent and isn’t picky about her methods for Mizgarz’s sake. So isn’t it possible? She could be aiming for Earth’s technology in order to develop Mizgarz and make it more plentiful. That’d be the worst case.</em></p>

      <p>Sei shook his head. <em>Looks like whenever I start thinking, my thoughts always head in a dark direction, as I constantly think of the worst-case scenario. It’s a bad habit.</em></p>

      <p>That was when Virgo spoke up, worried after noticing that something seemed wrong with Sei. “Sei, are you all right? Your face looks pale.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Wha—?!”</p>

      <p>Sei hurriedly looked up, making eye contact with Virgo. He saw her fluffy pink hair, big eyes, white skin, and pure white wings. She looked like the very picture of an angel, which flustered Sei. No matter how many times Sei saw her face, he couldn’t get used to it. That was just how absurdly pretty she was. In fact, the more Sei was exposed to her and the more accustomed to her presence he was, the less resistance he had to her looks.</p>

      <p>“You’re really not pushing yourself?”</p>

      <p>“N-Nah, I’m fine. No problems here.”</p>

      <p><em>Endure it! Endure it, my reason! Now is the time to show your steel-like qualities! </em>Sei desperately tried to control himself, managing to force his instincts as a man into submission with sheer will, powerful as a hydraulic press. But inside his mind, there were macho men appearing in front of his reason made of steel, breaking it down with hammers while spouting things like, “You know all men are beasts, right?”</p>

      <p><em>No, don’t give me that. Who the hell are you people?</em></p>

      <p>Sei grabbed the macho men that appeared in his imagination and threw them up into the sky. Then, he hurriedly repaired his sense of reason, forcing himself to keep up appearances, but that was when Virgo heartlessly made a follow-up attack as her soft hands caressed Sei’s forehead.</p>

      <p>“Doesn’t seem like you have a fever...”</p>

      <p><em>What the hell is this? What the hell is this super-old, cheesy romantic comedy trope doing here?! Am I gonna die? Wait, am I really gonna die today? Did I use up all the luck in my life, so now it’s just going to be one misfortune after the other until I die?</em> Sei could feel his heartbeat quickening without his consent.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, stop that! Seriously, please get away, I’m begging you. I’m not joking. I’m gonna fall for you.</em></p>

      <p>That instant, a light Sei and the others couldn’t see glinted menacingly inside Suzuki.</p>

      <p>“Confirmed activation of master’s top order. Activating normie elimination mode.”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, Suzuki’s ceiling opened up, and the sofa Sei was on flew up on its own, moving him up to the roof of the car. Then, the ceiling closed again, leaving him on his own. Of course, the roof was equipped with a table and such, so Sei could still spend his banishment in comfort, but he wouldn’t be able to return inside for some time.</p>

      <p>One of the orders the overprotective Lufas gave to Suzuki was, “If anyone starts sticking to Virgo, banish them to the roof for a while.” It was aptly named “normie elimination mode.” However, there was a flaw with this. Suzuki had no knowledge of how the human heart worked nor of its customs and actions, so it would activate this mode even though Virgo was the one who initiated the contact. Thanks to that, Sei was sadly banished to the roof even though he hadn’t done anything wrong himself.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What did I doooooo?!”</p>

      <p>Suzuki continued despite Sei’s shouts. The destination: the demihuman village occupied by the centaurs.</p>

      <p>Unbeknownst to them, there was a huntsman spider demihuman watching them from atop a giant tree in the forest.</p>

      <h1>12</h1>

      <p>The village the demihumans lived in was several kilometers southwest of Tyrving. It was true that Tyrving was their capital, but it was wartime, so living there wasn’t easy for anyone who wasn’t a combatant. Because of that, different races of demihumans had returned to the villages they’d lived in before settling in Tyrving until the war was over.</p>

      <p>Centaurs, bug people, and plant people mostly lived in the huge forest as if they were hiding from human eyes. Suzuki stopped around a kilometer away from the forest while Sei and the others prepared to enter. The place they were heading was the home of demihumans, so of course it wouldn’t be friendly towards humans. If Sei and the others boldly entered through the front, they’d just pointlessly raise the other side’s guard.</p>

      <p>Both Lufas and Libra’s groups had assumed combat from the start, so they simply charged in boldly through the front like fools, but Sei and his group’s objective was investigation. They also weren’t as muscle-brained as Lufas, so preparing and taking the necessary precautions was a matter of course, and Castor had just the thing they needed.</p>

      <p>“We’re going to be walking into the village, everyone, so before that, I’d like you all to drink this.”</p>

      <p>Castor took out several small bottles from his coat pocket. There was enough for everyone. He distributed the bottles to the others and explained its effects.</p>

      <p>“This contains the effects of the Water element spell, Illusion, which disguises your appearance. It’s not a very high-level spell, so some of you should know about it. More accurately, this bottle contains a magic potion which has the same effects. By drinking it, you can change your appearance for about three hours.”</p>

      <p>“U-Um, is this really all right? From what I just heard, this potion should be rather precious... Actually, most potions that have magic effects should have been lost a long time ago, so even though there’s so little left...”</p>

      <p>“Ah, no need to worry about that. It’s true that this is rare and expensive in this day and age, but that doesn’t apply to us. Don’t worry so much. Just use it.”</p>

      <p><em>Apparently items which have magic effects are worth a lot these days. </em>Based on the RPGs that Sei knew of, they should have been rather normal, but it was true that he’d never seen such an item up until now.</p>

      <p><em>No, technically the sword Virgo uses is one. I’ve just been thinking of it as a thin sword, but apparently it’s a really strong piece of equipment. Well, now that I think about it, she’s also with Lufas. And judging from Suzuki, Lufas is really protective of her, so it’d only be natural for Lufas to give her a good weapon.</em> Sei felt weirdly satisfied that he’d figured out a mystery.</p>

      <p>While Kross was glaring at the potion while muttering, Jean and Gantz downed the liquid with no hesitation. A female knight and a tiger followed their example. After some hesitation, Sei also downed the potion in one gulp, and after that, Virgo steeled herself and drank it as well.</p>

      <p>The changes were remarkable. First, Sei grew a horn on his head, and his skin turned red. Of course, none of that actually happened; it was only an illusion. <em>I look like an oni, </em>Sei thought, deciding to ask Castor about his new form.</p>

      <p>“Um, Mr. Castor... What’s this?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, that’s a type of monster called an ogre. They look really similar to humans, so it’s said that their ancestors were humans, but the truth is unknown. They’re a little aggressive, so they’re categorized as monsters, but they can, in fact, hold a conversation.”</p>

      <p><em>So monsters like this exist? </em>Sei thought as Virgo’s transformation ended.</p>

      <p>She’d barely changed at all. All that had happened was her wings changing to look like those of a white butterfly.</p>

      <p>“I gave Virgo one that would change her into a butterfly-type half-bug person. To be honest, though, no human would be willing to have children with a bug person, so they’re more an endangered species rather than a rare one. But that just shows how little they blend into human society, so it wouldn’t be strange for her to come to a demihuman village.”</p>

      <p>After hearing Castor’s explanation, Sei was once again surprised by the sheer variety of races in this world.<em> This world has those too? Like, it’s impressive that there are so many branches to this biological tree. Earth has a huge number of species too. I can’t help but wonder which world has more.</em></p>

      <p><em>At any rate, I was really skeptical when I heard that this stuff would change us into something not human, but it looks like Castor really did put some thought into these.</em></p>

      <p>Neither Sei nor Virgo had changed that much; it was still in the realm of cosplay. That fact ran itself through Sei’s mind as he looked over at the others.</p>

      <p>“Oh ho! This is impressive. I can’t even tell this is an illusion without touching it.”</p>

      <p>“It feels kinda weird. My bottom half looks like a horse, but I still feel like I’m walking on two legs.”</p>

      <p>“I do not believe this was a good choice.”</p>

      <p>Gantz had grown an armor-like carapace similar to a rhinoceros beetle’s and now had a horn coming out of his head as well. On the other hand, Jean’s upper half had stayed as-is, but his lower half was now that of a horse. He’d turned into a centaur. Both transformations weirdly suited them, and it made Sei want to snort in laughter.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Petto had become a cat entirely. It seemed like Castor had judged it better to pretend he was a tamed monster rather than put on a poor demihuman disguise in his case.</p>

      <p>Next, Sei looked over at Friedrich and froze... He’d kept his tiger-like looks, but now had a stag beetle’s horn growing out of his head, and his lower half was a horse. He also had black moth wings coming out of his back. <em>What the hell is this mistake of an amalgamation?</em></p>

      <p>“Um... Mr. Castor?”</p>

      <p>“A-Ah, sorry. Looks like I made a mistake. That one was an amusement item for a party that had the features of a bug person, centaur, and moth all mixed in one.”</p>

      <p>“What do we do with this creature...?”</p>

      <p>“I wonder...”</p>

      <p><em>I guess there’s no choice but to cover him with a cloth like Lufas for now. If we just leave his wings exposed it should prove to the others he’s a demihuman.</em></p>

      <p>Next, Sei looked over to the female knight, and he had to rub his eyes to make sure what he was seeing was correct. The female knight’s upper half was the same, but her lower half had become a spider. She’d turned into an arachne. That in itself was fine, but because of her original looks, she just looked like a combination of a gorilla and a spider.</p>

      <p>Lastly, Kross had turned into a bipedal grasshopper thing. The grasshopper part reminded Sei of a certain national Japanese hero, but Kross didn’t look nearly as cool. <em>How should I put it... He’s just a regular grasshopper. Not like some sort of cool cartoonified grasshopper, a real one.</em></p>

      <p>“What is it, Sei? Why do you look so disappointed?”</p>

      <p>“N-No, it’s nothing.”</p>

      <p><em>There’s no way he’ll ride around on a bike or do a cool signature kick like this, huh? </em>Sei thought, disappointed, as he averted his gaze.</p>

      <p>Then, Sei turned his thoughts to when he should talk to Lufas about the golden apples. The reason he’d never talked about it in Draupnir was because he hadn’t wanted to worsen her first impression of them. If he’d suddenly asked for a golden apple upon their first meeting, then he might’ve given Lufas the impression that it had been his goal the entire time. At least, that was what Sei would have thought in Lufas’s position.</p>

      <p><em>Well, it’s not totally wrong that the apple is my goal, but the order of importance is essential here. My first goal is peace with Lufas. Making a united front with her is the most important thing of all. Having her doubt me would be extremely bad.</em></p>

      <p>Sei had made sure to make no mention of the apple. Just imagine how unnatural it would be if someone came up to you claiming to want peace, but asked for golden experience-giving apples the very same day. It’d only be natural to think that the apples were the person’s real objective, and they were being too greedy. Not to mention the fact that Lufas had been betrayed by her friends once already. That was why Sei figured he should be careful about the subject.</p>

      <p>It was true that Sei wanted strength. As long as he was trying to make his way in this world, he needed enough strength to protect himself and those close to him. Still, he couldn’t allow himself to be blinded by his desire for strength and lose sight of his most important objective.</p>

      <p><em>Let’s wait a little longer to ask about the apples... For now, I need to make sure to complete our goal here and build some trust.</em> Sei still didn’t know that, regardless of how Lufas had been in the past, the current Lufas was laid-back and thoughtless enough that if asked about the golden apple she’d just say “sure” without thinking too deeply about it and actually give him what he wanted...</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>As Sei and the others approached the demihuman village, several bee-like demihumans who seemed like guards appeared wielding spears. If they looked like hornets, they’d just be monsters, but honey bees could be called cute if a person looked closely. Of course, both were horrifying when blown up to human size, but it was still better that the guards didn’t have the vicious face of a hornet.</p>

      <p>They looked at Sei and the others suspiciously, but once Castor said that they were homeless demihumans looking for a safe place, the guards instantly believed him. The one they were most suspicious of was Castor. He was a fairy, so he wasn’t truly a part of humanity, but outwardly, he looked completely human. Because of that, it took some effort to get them to believe him.</p>

      <p>“Now then. First, we need to quickly find the centaurs’ settlement. The secret to why Sagittarius is helping Leon should be there.”</p>

      <p>Nobody objected to Castor’s suggestion. Sei and the others nodded, and they all walked off together.</p>

      <p>The demihumans lived together cooperatively in this forest, but since their races were different, their cultures were too. Basically, it was natural to assume they’d be separated to at least some degree. Bugs on Earth were the same. Even though a forest contained many varieties of animals and bugs, you’d never find an ant in a beehive. The sizes here were different, but the concept was the same. In other words, the centaurs were living together somewhere in this forest, so finding that place was the first step to achieving their goal.</p>

      <p>“Find? But how?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. For now, let’s just look around and ask directions,” suggested Castor.</p>

      <p>“Um, but... Then why didn’t you just ask the bee people at the entrance?” asked Sei.</p>

      <p>“I see. That’s a good idea. Whoops.” Castor laughed refreshingly as he turned back, and Sei got a bad feeling about what was about to happen.</p>

      <p><em>He made a mistake with the potions he gave us, and he failed to notice something really obvious and just charged forward... Now that I think about it, he’d been wandering around the forest all beat up when we first met even though he had a recovery potion the entire time.</em></p>

      <p><em>Wait... Is he actually air-headed, despite how he looks? </em>Sei realized.</p>

      <p>There was no one around to give Sei an answer, but the answer would have been that Sei was right. For example, Castor had met Sei and the others after being defeated by the Devil King, but there had actually been a sizable gap in time between those two events. As for what he’d done in between those two points, he actually hadn’t done anything in particular. He’d just been lost.</p>

      <p>Castor’s personality was quite rare among the Twelve Stars in that he was benevolent and knew common sense, but he was a little airheaded. Put kindly, he was broad-minded. To put it less kindly, he just overlooked the small details.</p>

      <p>“Okay, I’ll go ask the bee people at the entrance, then we can go look for the centaurs’ village.” Castor spoke as if he were trying to hide something as he walked forward.</p>

      <p>As Sei watched him, he had a thought. <em>The Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars is a group of monsters beyond human understanding who follow Lufas Maphaahl... I heard that each of them has the power to take down an entire country alone, and that they’re basically walking disasters and personifications of fear. But... I wonder if that’s really true?</em></p>

      <p><em>Virgo doesn’t seem that way at the very least, and I’m walking right next to her. Giant form aside, Aries is normally very well-behaved. Castor also just seems like a nice big brother who’s kind of airheaded in some ways. Maybe they’re not that scary after all.</em> <em>There’s a huge difference between what I hear and how they actually seem in person.</em></p>

      <p>While pondering the difference in their reputations, Sei could feel that his fear of the Twelve Stars lessening.</p>

      <h1>13</h1>

      <p>“I can see it now. There’s no doubt. That’s the centaurs’ village,” said Petto, who, thanks to the magic potion, had become a regular cat, as he walked out front.</p>

      <p>There was a clearing up ahead where he was looking, and it was true that there were demihumans with the lower halves of horses living there. Then a little while later, Sei and the others had finally reached their destination, but they’d had some trouble getting to this point.</p>

      <p>And of course they had. Castor had been leading them at first, and he’d gotten them lost several times. Then, he’d led them to different villages several more times. Once the count of those instances had reached the double digits, everyone finally realized that if they left it up to him, they’d be there all night, and Petto summarily replaced Castor as the leader.</p>

      <p>“Oh, so those’re centaurs, the sages of the forest.”</p>

      <p>Kross, who was walking beside Sei as a grasshopper monster, cheered and rushed forward. Elves were the only ones among humanity to look at centaurs as friends, and Sei had heard that they paid the centaurs much respect. Unfortunately, Kross was currently a grasshopper monster. In Sei’s eyes, he just looked like a monster trying to invade the centaurs’ home.</p>

      <p>“Grrrrrr.”</p>

      <p>“Then let’s go.”</p>

      <p>The two amalgamations, Friedrich and the female knight, both tried to follow, but they were a far cry from even Kross’s level and looked like pure monsters. If they approached, they’d probably just put the centaurs on guard unnecessarily, so Kross stopped the two of them and asked them to wait.</p>

      <p>“Ah, sorry. Please wait here, you two. Seriously.”</p>

      <p>Then, Jean, as a centaur, took the front position as they approached the village. When they did, all the centaurs looked up at them at once, and the stares they were giving weren’t too friendly. Had it been a bad idea to have the non-centaurs enter too?</p>

      <p>A single old centaur approached Sei and the others while they were still confused and started to speak. “Leon’s underlings, I take it. What is it you want?”</p>

      <p>The party could tell that something was out of place. It seemed as though the centaurs had mistaken them for Leon’s followers, but that led to the question of why they were being so hostile if that were the case. Leon and Sagittarius were allies, so the centaurs should also have been under Leon’s umbrella. Still, having this much hostility directed at them made it harder to talk, so for now, the best course of action was probably to solve the misunderstanding.</p>

      <p>“Wait a second. We just got here after escaping from human oppression. We don’t know what you mean by ‘Leon’s underlings’ at all.”</p>

      <p>When Jean spoke of the group’s prepared backstory, the elder centaur’s expression visibly softened. At the same time, the hostility disappeared from the surrounding centaurs’ gazes and were replaced with cautious, observing looks. That wasn’t exactly pleasant either, but it was still better than being glared at.</p>

      <p>“I-I see. Sorry about that. We’ve just been rather on edge lately.”</p>

      <p>“What happened? We heard that all the demihumans were following Leon. We aren’t his followers, but shouldn’t it be no problem if we were?”</p>

      <p>Once his attitude softened, Jean unhesitatingly questioned the elder centaur. Being able to heedlessly charge into situations like this where a person would normally hesitate was probably one of his strengths.</p>

      <p>The elder groaned in response to Jean’s obvious question, but he couldn’t talk back too strongly because of the guilt from their hostile gazes earlier. “Ah... Yes... So that’s what they say on the outside. It’s true that you could say we centaurs are currently under Leon’s rule.”</p>

      <p>“That’s some really roundabout wording.”</p>

      <p>“Well...”</p>

      <p>The elder scratched his cheek, troubled, while he considered what he could and could not say. But in the end, it seemed he decided that there would be no problems if he did talk. Either that or he might have just let his guard down because Jean also looked like a centaur. In that case, these disguises were really pulling their weight.</p>

      <p>“We—or rather, our chief, Sagittarius—didn’t originally want to ally with Leon. He refused the invitation at first.”</p>

      <p>Everyone reacted when Sagittarius’s name came up, but their expressions quickly returned to normal. The goal for coming here was to find out why Sagittarius had allied with Leon in the first place, so the fact that his name had already come up was good luck.</p>

      <p>“But Leon threatened to destroy this village if Sagittarius didn’t obey him. It was mortifying... I hate how powerless we are. If it were just Chief Sagittarius, he would never have accepted that fool’s invitation, but because of us, he was forced to cooperate.”</p>

      <p>Truly angry, the elder clenched his fists, but that was when Gantz chimed in with a question.</p>

      <p>“Hey, if that’s the case, then why not just let this place go and escape?”</p>

      <p>They knew that they were hostages, so if they hated Leon, then why didn’t they just run? Sagittarius would be freed if they did.</p>

      <p>The elder shook his head. “We would have if we could. But... There are watchdogs here in this forest just so we can’t do that.”</p>

      <p>“Watchdogs?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, and if they receive an order from Leon, they’ll become executioners and kill us all. They’re detestable people.”</p>

      <p>The elder finished speaking and looked around. Then, after confirming that no one was watching, he returned his gaze to Sei and the others.</p>

      <p>“At any rate, let me show you into the village first. We shouldn’t be talking out here at the entrance,” the elder said, walking into the village.</p>

      <p>Sei and the others followed after him, but the dual amalgamations, Friedrich and the female knight, stayed back. If they came, they’d just cause an unnecessary fuss.</p>

      <p>The first thing everyone thought upon entering the village was probably a remark about how simple and frugal it all looked. The centaurs’ village was made up of simple, bare wooden houses lined up together, and it looked as though they hadn’t constructed much outside of what was absolutely necessary. Even the houses themselves seemed strangely well ventilated. They looked like stables, which made the party wonder, <em>Is this really okay for sages of the forest?</em></p>

      <p>The centaurs all looked the party’s way, seemingly interested and curious, but no one attempted to approach. In fact, whenever one of the party met the gaze of a resident, they would avert their eyes.</p>

      <p>Sei thought this was strange, so he whispered to the grasshopper being next to him. “Kross, could these centaurs be...”</p>

      <p>“Yes. They’re very cowardly... Rather, they’re very wary. I don’t think they hate us exactly, but they’ll definitely stick to observing from a distance for a while.”</p>

      <p><em>It seems there are individual differences, </em>Sei thought,<em> but the race in general has this trait? But if that’s the case, then Jean must seem like a really weird centaur to them.</em></p>

      <p>It was easy to imagine, since Jean was the exact opposite of a cowardly man. He was so far on the other end of the spectrum he was more reckless than brave. Sei had forgotten recently for some reason, but he was now reminded that Jean had gone to the Grave of the Black-Winged King, had challenged golems over level 100, and had been saved by Aries, so he was quite reckless.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, will they realize that Jean’s not a real centaur?</em> Sei wondered. By now he had to consider, <em>maybe somebody else should have been the centaur. It’s too late now though.</em></p>

      <p>“Now, please, come in.”</p>

      <p>Eventually, the party reached the elder’s house, but as expected, it was more like a stable as well. The room was bordered by simple partitions, and the inside had a pile of something like straw. The whole thing made them wonder how he was even able to live in such a place, but when they looked closer, they saw a poor excuse for the bare minimum of furniture in the corner. It seemed the centaurs weren’t entirely horses.</p>

      <p>“Okay, then... First, I’d like to ask... You’re not the races you appear to be, are you?”</p>

      <p>The first words out of the elder’s mouth when they entered the small cabin cut right to the core of the matter. The entire party gaped in surprise, and they looked at each other.<em> Did someone do something to give us away?</em> they wondered.</p>

      <p>“The first one I thought was suspicious was you over there,” the elder continued. “You certainly move like us centaurs, but I can’t feel any caution at all.”</p>

      <p>The elder pointed to Jean. Sei’s misgivings turned out to be right on the mark; he really wasn’t like a centaur at all, but that strangeness alone wouldn’t cement his suspicion.</p>

      <p>“Once I thought he was strange, I started paying attention, and his footsteps didn’t match his movements. He sounds like he’s bipedal. That’s when I figured that he must be disguising himself with magic or something.”</p>

      <p><em>I see. So it was the footsteps. </em>Having understood the reason, Sei was impressed. It was true that the footsteps weren’t disguised and could be discerned, but Jean always walked with the rest of the group. This meant that the elder had discerned his footsteps out of multiple people’s footsteps at the same time.</p>

      <p><em>Isn’t that really impressive? </em>Sei thought.<em> Apparently centaurs have really good ears, so I guess whispering won’t do much good here. Now that I think about it, that conversation with Kross before might’ve been a mistake. That was basically telling him that we knew nothing about centaurs even though we were friends with one.</em></p>

      <p>Sei looked at the elder, who returned a small smile. <em>Ah, he totally knows.</em> Sei was convinced, and he hung his head in regret.</p>

      <p>“And? If what you said is true, what’re you gonna do? Report us?”</p>

      <p>“No, if that was the plan, I would have done that way back at the entrance,” the elder said, clearly laughing as he answered Jean’s question.</p>

      <p>It was true that it would have been much better for him to shout at the entrance for help rather than lead them all the way here, where he had nowhere to run, if that were his plan. The fact that he hadn’t done that meant that the elder had no intention of being their enemy, and he wouldn’t hand them over to the other demihumans.</p>

      <p>“This is just a conjecture of mine, but you’re all humans, aren’t you? Your goal is...to inspect the total strength of the demihumans you’re about to go to war with?”</p>

      <p>“That’s surprising. As expected of a sage of the forest... If you’ve already figured out this much, I’ll just come out and say it. You’re right that we’re humans, but our objective in coming here is different.”</p>

      <p>“You call us sages of the forest... Could you be an elf? That’s quite an odd look for you, no?”</p>

      <p>Kross, who served as the brains of the party, was naturally the one to lead negotiations here, but since he looked like a grasshopper thing at the moment, his manner of speech clashed with his looks. In truth, Sei also felt that clash. With Kross’s looks, it’d actually suit him more to just thoughtlessly shout, “Damn you, evil organization! I won’t forgive you!”</p>

      <p>“Our goal is to investigate why Sagittarius is aiding Leon. We determined the reason would be found in this village, so we came in disguise.” Kross spoke of their goal, revealing that it was already completed.</p>

      <p>What the elder spoke of at the entrance to the village was the exact piece of information they had been looking for. Sagittarius was obeying Leon because he’d taken the centaurs and their village hostage. There were people watching the village as well, which meant that as long as they defeated the watchmen, the centaurs would be able to flee on their own, thus freeing Sagittarius to do as he pleased.</p>

      <p>The choice after having come this far was now between two courses of action: meet up with Lufas to decide the next move, or free the centaurs on their own.</p>

      <p>Normally, the second choice would be impossible for them, but right now, the party had the help of Castor of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars as well as Virgo, though she wasn’t as strong. Humanity’s strongest Sword Saint, Friedrich, was also there. Basically, they had more than enough power with them to make the second option happen.</p>

      <p>“What?! Really?!”</p>

      <p>“Really. And our objective is already complete. Now all that’s left is to get you all out of here somehow,” Kross said.</p>

      <p>The elder centaur clutched Kross’s hand. “Then please, let us help. We can’t allow ourselves to keep being the shackles on Sagittarius’s legs.”</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>Things went along smoother than expected, which made Kross smile broadly, but on the other hand, Sei’s expression wasn’t great. It was true that things were going well, but Sei thought they were going too well. According to his experience, every good thing came with its opposite. Of course, Sei had no basis or proof for this. It was a meaningless omen; he just had a bad feeling about things. But in moments like these, bad feelings unfortunately tended to come true.</p>

      <p>As if to prove that point, a young centaur came bursting into the cabin, confirming Sei’s suspicions.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, something bad really did happen.</em></p>

      <h1>14</h1>

      <p>“I’m sorry, Elder Derby! Sargess’s forces have appeared at the entrance!”</p>

      <p>What the young centaur who’d barged in said drained the color from the elder’s face as he looked outside.</p>

      <p><em>Apparently his name is Derby, but now’s probably not the time to focus on that. Looks like something pretty bad just happened.</em></p>

      <p>“Sargess?”</p>

      <p>“The bug person who’s in charge of this village. He’s an off-putting sort of spider demihuman.”</p>

      <p>As soon as they heard that description, Sei and the others immediately thought of the spiderman that they’d encountered in Draupnir. Since his strength indicated that he had a fairly high standing, it wasn’t strange for him to be leading soldiers.</p>

      <p>Sei and the others were about to go outside, but Derby stopped them with a hand motion, indicating that he’d go out himself. “They might just be a patrol. You all stay here.”</p>

      <p>Leaving Sei and the others in the small cabin, Derby took several young centaurs with him to the entrance. There, he faced off with the force of bug people. The opposing side was led by the spiderman, followed by a lamia, a dryad, and a merman, along with a variety of other races of bug people behind them all wielding weapons. In comparison, there were only a handful of centaurs. If it came down to a fight, well, it wouldn’t even be called a fight.</p>

      <p>“What do you all want?”</p>

      <p>“Humans entered the village. They should be here... Give them to us.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t know anything about that. Nobody like that came here.”</p>

      <p>“They’re disguised as demihumans. Don’t you remember them?” the spiderman said, threatening them.</p>

      <p>But Derby didn’t break, replying sharply, “There’re so many demihumans about. I can’t be bothered to remember each and every one. Get lost.”</p>

      <p>The situation seemed like it could explode with even the slightest spark, and it wouldn’t be strange for fighting to start at any time.</p>

      <p>The dryad behind the spiderman puffed her cheeks out in displeasure as she glared at the centaurs. “You guys are so cheeky! Do you really think everything’ll turn out fine, even if you defy us?!”</p>

      <p>“Are you going to hurt us? Sure. Fine. Bring it. At least Chief Sagittarius will be free then.”</p>

      <p>“Aggghhhh!”</p>

      <p>Making sure to audibly vent her frustration, the dryad extended her roots, but the spiderman stopped her with a hand signal before speaking with a cold tone.</p>

      <p>“Stop with the meaningless provocations. This village has children in it too, right? I know that none of you will abandon the children. If that wasn’t the case, you would have rebelled a long time ago.”</p>

      <p>The spiderman persisted in using cold logic and words, stopping any retort the shocked Derby had in its tracks. That basically signaled that the spiderman was right on the money, and what he said was the truth.</p>

      <p>Seeing Derby frustratedly grind his teeth, the dryad seemed to suddenly be reminded of something, and she smiled. “Hey, Sarge, I thought of something good. Why don’t we kill one, just to set an example? How ’bout it?”</p>

      <p>He quickly thought it over, silent, then said, “Hostages have meaning because they’re alive. It would be foolish to decrease their number so rashly.”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, stick in the mud. You say that, but you actually really want to kill one, don’t you? I’ll do it for you, you know?” the dryad offered lightly, extending some branches.</p>

      <p>Her branches caught one of the young centaur boys who were standing in the back. The dryad’s branches retracted before the other centaurs could do anything about it, and she restrained the boy in a vice-like hug.</p>

      <p>“I caaauuugghhht yooouuuu!”</p>

      <p>“Eek!”</p>

      <p>“What’re you doing?! Don’t hurt the children!”</p>

      <p>“Aw, don’t worry. It’ll only be this one time... If you’re good boys, that is.”</p>

      <p>“You scum!” the centaur yelled after a moment of silent shock.</p>

      <p>In a rage, several of the young centaurs ran at the dryad, but her arms undulated like whips, repelling the centaurs.</p>

      <p>“Well, ya reap whatcha sow for this one. Just let it be a lesson for next time.”</p>

      <p>The dryad formed a wind element spell in her hand in order to cut the young centaur apart, but the spiderman grabbed her hand, stopping the lethal blow just before it happened.</p>

      <p>She stared, silent, then said, “Hey, come on. Whadda ya think you’re doin’?”</p>

      <p>“You are rushing to a conclusion. It’s true that the centaurs are only listening to us right now because we are threatening them, but even so, they are still demihumans, just like us... Once Sagittarius truly becomes one of us, they will too. I cannot allow you to kill them recklessly and create grudges for the future.”</p>

      <p>The dryad mulled it over for a moment. “You know, Sarge, you’re a real softie...”</p>

      <p>The dryad gave the spiderman a glare, and a tense atmosphere spread. Eventually, it seemed like the dryad folded, as she averted her eyes and sighed. Seeing that, the spiderman also loosened up.</p>

      <p>“Oh, fine. Whatever. I don’t wanna fight you, Sarge, so I’ll just let this one go,” the dryad said, picking up the centaur child in her branches and extending them all the way over to the other centaurs.</p>

      <p>It looked as if she intended to return the child. Seeing this, everyone breathed a sigh of relief, but the instant everyone relaxed, the dryad’s branches swung the child high up into the air.</p>

      <p>“W-Waaaaaaahhhhhhhh?!”</p>

      <p>“Just kidding! We’ve got so many hostages here. Having one less to manage would actually be a good thing! Sarge’s way of doing things is so soft it makes me wanna puke!”</p>

      <p>The dryad laughed cruelly as she swung down. She was probably trying to slam the child down on the ground as hard as possible. Since it was sudden, no one could react in time, and their faces paled as they easily predicted the tragedy that was about to happen.</p>

      <p>Sei and the others leapt forward hurriedly, but there was no way they were in a position to make it. The next moment, however, there was a bright flash, and the dryad’s branches were slashed apart. At the same time, a black shadow flew forward and caught the centaur boy. It was perfect timing, befitting of a savior or a hero, almost like the person had aimed for just such a moment.</p>

      <p>The dryad fixed the interrupter with a harsh glare, while the centaurs looked upon their savior thankfully. And they both screamed at the same time.</p>

      <p>“Wagghh! Monster?!”</p>

      <p>There stood a mysterious creature.</p>

      <p>It had a tiger beastfolk’s upper half, the lower half of a horse, horns, and moth wings. It was the Sword Saint Friedrich, sporting a form so horrific people doubted their senses even as they wondered what kind of couple could even make a creature like that. The one who’d caught the boy had an upper half that looked a lot like a gorilla—the female knight. Her lower half was that of a spider, and she too was an off the rails creature. The boy who’d been saved had fainted and was showing the whites of his eyes.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>