<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p>The mana around her gathered and solidified, shaping itself into wolves. Then the pack of several hundred beasts all rushed at Benetnasch.</p>

      <p><em>Magic in the form of wolves? That’s about right. Magic is defined as the solidification of mana, so this is undoubtedly magic. The fact that it took the form of wolves isn’t especially surprising either. Birds and beasts often feature in magic spells. There are even several spells that imitate the human form. For example, the water spell “Apsaras” falls into that category.</em></p>

      <p><em>But why is it like this? For some reason these things have their own wills and make decisions on their own while they attack. It’s very different from the magic we use. This is way closer to the devilfolk than traditional magic.</em></p>

      <p>What Benetnasch still had to do hadn’t changed, though. <em>It’s the same whether it’s magic or devilfolk. I just have to get rid of all of them!</em></p>

      <p>“Don’t think you’ll be able to get me with just this!”</p>

      <p>The silver streak moved left and right, ending one wolf after the other. Having been ripped apart and unable to maintain their form anymore, the wolves dissipated back to formless mana and returned to Lufas. When all the wolves had been killed, the mana that they had been made of congealed together to form a single huge wolf. It was no less than two hundred meters tall, a ruler of wolves that outsized even Aries. It fixed Benetnasch with a stare as it bared its fangs.</p>

      <p>“Transmute: One Who Shakes the Earth.” Lufas smiled unsettlingly as the wolf that seemed like it could even devour a god opened its mouth.</p>

      <p>Then, it howled.</p>

      <p>The wolf’s howl could hardly be put into words. The sound itself became destructive energy and swallowed Benetnasch whole. The invisible and unavoidable shockwave was directional, and it continued to destroy the surface layer of Mizgarz as it traveled far off into the distance.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch, who’d taken a direct hit from the attack, was badly wounded. Her entire body had been torn apart in an instant, and she was bleeding insanely heavily. The only reason why she hadn’t lost any limbs despite this was because she was Benetnasch. Anyone else wouldn’t even have had any bones left.</p>

      <p>“Gah! Hagh... Hhh...”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch had finally reached the end of her rope, and she fell to a knee. The beating of her heart was loud in her ears, her fingers were trembling, her vision was blurring, and she couldn’t focus on anything. Benetnasch herself could tell.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, I’m at my limit. At best, I can manage one more attack.</em></p>

      <p>Benetnasch only had enough left in her for one last, all-out attack. After realizing that, she couldn’t stop herself from smiling.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, this is the same. This is the same as back then.</em></p>

      <p>The fight two hundred years ago had gone just like this. Benetnasch had been cornered to the point where she could only have managed one more attack, and she had been about to bet it all on a one-hit wonder. Back then, the battle had suffered some dumb interference, but this time, things were different.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch focused all her remaining power into her right arm and fixed her enemy with a level gaze. “Let’s go, Maphaahl... It all ends with this last attack.”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch made sure to use the same lines she had two hundred years ago, and Lufas, realizing that, replied in kind. “Yeah, you’re right. Come, Benet.” Even her beckoning motion was the same, and to Benetnasch, that was both hateful and unbearably lovely.</p>

      <p><em>Okay, the stage you’ve waited for all this time is right in front of you, Benetnasch. The continuation of that day is happening right now.</em></p>

      <p>Benetnasch’s face twisted into an expression of joy, and her crimson eyes burned.</p>

      <p>“OOOOOOOOOOOHHHHH!!!”</p>

      <p><em>This is the end, no matter the outcome!</em></p>

      <p>Benetnasch, who was using even her life force as fuel, was truly a shooting star. Her actions were something that Lufas had never seen the likes of in her several hundred years of life. She was the fastest she’d ever been, and shined the brightest as well, as she charged Lufas head-on.</p>

      <p>On the other side, Lufas also charged straight in. She chose to employ no tricks and faced Benetnasch head-on, so in order to intercept the blow, Lufas raised her right arm. Both of their arms crossed, and blood sprayed.</p>

      <p>The one who was bleeding was...Lufas.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch’s all-out attack had ripped open Lufas’s shoulder and scored a large wound. The wound wasn’t exactly deep, but unfortunately, it wasn’t shallow either. While the bleeding was showy, the wound itself hadn’t reached bone, so Lufas would be able to heal it quickly.</p>

      <p>On the other hand, Lufas’s sword had gone right through Benetnasch’s heart. The blade itself had become a stopper, so there wasn’t much blood on the outside yet, but it was obvious the wound was fatal. This meant that, yes... The battle was over. Benetnasch hadn’t been able to claim victory over Lufas.</p>

      <p>For a while, she was absentminded, but eventually Benetnasch realized her defeat and smiled self-deprecatingly. “So it didn’t...reach...”</p>

      <p><em>How vexing. </em>Benetnasch felt this from the bottom of her heart. <em>She was the first goal and rival I’d ever made in my life. But in the end, I was never able to surpass her, not even once. Right up until the end, I’ve only ever been chasing Lufas’s back.</em></p>

      <p>Her arm slumped as the strength left her body.</p>

      <p>There was a moment of silence before Lufas said, “Are you satisfied, Benet?”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch could already no longer see, but somehow Lufas’s hateful voice came through to her clearly.</p>

      <p>“Oh, whatever. Losing at the end is the worst. I don’t want to give all this up yet.”</p>

      <p><em>She’s asking if I’m satisfied now? Does she even want to show off how calm and composed she is? But Lufas is just like that. There’d be no end to it if I got mad at every little thing.</em></p>

      <p>“Ah... But... I feel like I’ve gotten a load off my chest. This isn’t bad.”</p>

      <p>“Didn’t you just say this was the worst?”</p>

      <p>“Shut it.”</p>

      <p>Losing strength in her legs and unable to brace anymore, Benetnasch fell.</p>

      <p>Lufas caught her. No longer having the strength to shake her off, Benetnasch allowed herself to stay in Lufas’s arms.</p>

      <p><em>Looks like this is it for me. I have lingering attachments, but I have no regrets. This fight is something I wanted, along with everything that comes after. With this fight, my wish has finally come true. While I’m not satisfied with the conclusion, I finally feel like I lived.</em></p>

      <p><em>So... Yeah, this isn’t terrible. It was only for a little while, but time has finally started to move forward for me. So even if this lasts only for a little bit...it’ll be much more fulfilling than those two hundred years where everything had stopped.</em></p>

      <p>“Maphaahl... Did you know that this would happen?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Didn’t We tell you that We would be back?”</p>

      <p>“Hmph... You fool... You made me wait too long.” Even while verbally abusing Lufas, Benetnasch never stopped smiling.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>