<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Story</h1>

      <p>Two years had passed since that final battle. Sei had turned twenty, changing from an unreliable boy to a man. He was still rather baby-faced compared to his peers, which was one of his worries.</p>

      <p>Today, Sei had come to the beach along with Virgo. However, swimming together would be...unfortunately difficult. Virgo was using the stealth bandages that Lufas had once used to hide her wings. If they entered the ocean, they would, of course, be ripped off.</p>

      <p>In this world ruled by science rather than fantasy, Virgo stood out like a sore thumb. There was no one around, given the time of day they’d gone to the beach, but it was still impossible to be sure no one was looking.</p>

      <p>Even so, they were walking around on the beach like this, enjoying the atmosphere at least. While watching Virgo, Sei hardened his will.</p>

      <p>Even Sei’s thoughts were momentarily frozen. <em>Okay. I’m gonna say it. Today, I’m gonna say it.</em></p>

      <p>Sei had a small box in his pocket, containing a diamond ring he had splurged on. It needn’t be said what the ring was for.</p>

      <p>Though he’d already confessed to her during that incident, Sei thought it had been the most poorly executed confession possible. He had only done so after being forced to, thanks to the situation that had been brought on by his making her cry as he floundered... It’d been that kind of confession.</p>

      <p>Though his feelings were true, Sei still felt the need to affirm them once again and let Virgo know. That was why he’d brought her here, in order to tell her his feelings again.</p>

      <p>“Um... Virgo, I have something important I need to tell you. Will you listen?”</p>

      <p>After hearing that, Virgo silently smiled. She herself had been waiting for him to say this.</p>

      <p>Having understood that, Sei boldly put his hand on Virgo’s shoulder.</p>

      <p>“I’ve said this before, but allow me to repeat it. I...I live in a different time frame from you. I’m sure that, someday, I will leave you behind. But, if you’re fine with that...fine with me, then...”</p>

      <p>As Sei spoke, he reached into his pocket. All he needed to do now was hand her the ring along with his confession.</p>

      <p>Right as Sei was about to pull off the confession of his life, the ocean rose up. Wondering what was happening, the two of them turned towards the disturbance, only to find a giant, grotesque monster, with its upper half sticking out of the water.</p>

      <p>It was the bringer of madness, the deity from another world, the aberrant wicked god—Thulhu.</p>

      <p>He had appeared with the worst possible timing and looked straight at Sei and Virgo as he realized he had made a mistake.</p>

      <p>“■■■■■■■...”</p>

      <p>Thulhu gestured with his tentacle as if to say, “Ah, don’t worry about me. Just keep going.” With that, he returned to the sea. What had he even come to do?</p>

      <p>Neither Sei nor Virgo said a word. The mood was spoiled. And it might have just been Sei’s imagination, but it looked like the ocean had gotten darker, though it had been sparkling in the evening sunlight just a moment before.</p>

      <p>Sei and Virgo glared at the ocean, half in anger and half in exasperation, but fortunately, there was no sign of Thulhu returning.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go back, Sei,” Virgo said, breaking the silence.</p>

      <p>Sei was quiet for another moment, before agreeing. “Yeah.”</p>

      <p>No confession in this ruined mood would be worth anything. Unfortunately, Sei’s confession of a lifetime would have to wait for tomorrow.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>