<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“As if. For now, uh... Yeah, rewrite that terrible script. A script that no one likes might as well not exist.”</p>

      <p>Destroying the Goddess in complete and utter defeat was something that Lufas had considered. In fact, if Alovenus had turned out to be an irredeemably evil scoundrel, then Lufas would have taken that option and completely erased Alovenus with her last attack. In the end, however, Alovenus was not actually evil. Rather, she was a well-meaning goddess who was more passionate than most, just very mistaken and lonely.</p>

      <p>Of course, that didn’t excuse all the things she’d done. However, Lufas felt that giving her the benefit of the doubt would be all right. With no one next to her, Alovenus was utterly alone. There was no one to rebuke her for her mistakes, and no one to scold her. No one had taught her what she needed to learn, and the Goddess had simply continued to go around in circles, making mistake after mistake without anyone to save her.</p>

      <p>That was the difference between Dina and Alovenus. They had the same memories and the same personality, but for some reason, they had turned out totally different. It was because of where they stood. Dina was not alone. She had parents who loved her, and she’d found comrades in Lufas and her group. She had a foundation that allowed her to recognize mistakes and be called out on them.</p>

      <p>Alovenus had nothing like that. She was too strong, since she could crush entire universes by accident. That wasn’t exactly an excuse, but eliminating her also wouldn’t solve anything. In fact, her help would be absolutely necessary to fix and replace everything that had been damaged and lost in the fight. Therefore, she had to take responsibility for all the unhappiness she’d spread and save the victims.</p>

      <p>Also, if Alovenus were to be erased, then the devilfolk—who were her spell—would also disappear. If that happened, Lufas wouldn’t be able to face Orm.</p>

      <p>“Oh, and transfer your authority as the Goddess of Mizgarz to Dina. You should watch and learn as you leave the management of Mizgarz to her for a while.”</p>

      <p>After smoothly dumping such an enormous task on someone who wasn’t there and had no way to accept or object, Lufas waved her arm and returned all the dimensions, timelines, and everything else that had been destroyed in the fight. She wasn’t quite sure whether simply “returning” lost timelines would work, but in the end, it did. It seemed that the saying “anything goes” truly applied.</p>

      <p>“You help too.”</p>

      <p>Lufas grabbed Alovenus, who was still in a daze, by the nape of her neck and dragged her along.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Wai—”</p>

      <p>And that concluded the two-hundred-year-long game between the Goddess and her Rebel. It ended in checkmate after all the Goddess’s pieces had been wiped off the board or stolen. Though the Goddess had flipped over the board, the floor had been flipped over on the Goddess, and in the end, she had been punished. The world had been freed from her script. From here on out, any scripts would be written by the people themselves.</p>

      <p>As Lufas thought of the future, she suddenly laughed.</p>

      <p>Finally, with the battle at the Endpoint finished, Lufas returned all the mana she’d absorbed to the universe and went back to all of the people who were waiting for her, to the world in which she belonged.</p>

      <p>When they saw her, all her loyal retainers cheered, and her former friends reveled in her victory. Benetnasch had her arms crossed, seemingly bored, but the corners of her lips were loose. Meanwhile, Orm simply nodded, satisfied.</p>

      <p>Among all that, the girl with the same face as the Goddess beamed with a full-faced smile as she spoke the scheduled line, though there were a thousand emotions behind those words.</p>

      <p>“Welcome back, Miss Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Good to be back.”</p>

      <p>The Twilight of the Gods had reached its end.</p>

      <h1>9</h1>

      <p>Dawn broke on the land of Mizgarz once again; the Twilight of the Gods was over.</p>

      <p>I looked over the scenery I’d now gotten used to from the deck of the <em>Argo</em>, and my eyes narrowed. Though Mizgarz had once disappeared, along with the universe it was in, it was as if the whole thing had never happened. Nothing had changed from yesterday. After that fight with Alovenus, I had repaired time and space with her help, returning things to the same state as before the twilight happened.</p>

      <p>But wouldn’t you then think, <em>If she could do all that, why didn’t Alovenus just delete you?</em></p>

      <p>Honestly, I wondered that myself. The reason behind that turned out to be both simple and silly.</p>

      <p>The Goddess being too strong turned out to be a curse, as she was absolutely worthless at holding back.</p>

      <p><em>No, wait. Now that I think about it, there were definitely signs.</em></p>

      <p>Because her existence was so all-encompassing, she was basically unable to interfere with Mizgarz at all. That was the proof. If Alovenus were to try to wind things back, she’d accidentally go all the way back before Mizgarz was even created, or worse, before the big bang. If not for that, Alovenus would have rewound time the moment she found a bug like me in the system. It was an unexpected weakness for a Goddess touted as omnipotent. She was great at the large-scale, but it seemed that also meant she was bad at going small-scale and making fine adjustments.</p>

      <p>In the Goddess’s own terms, “It’s kind of like trying to rewind a movie only a few seconds, but you mistake a button and end up going all the way back to the beginning.” It wasn’t a very good analogy.</p>

      <p>Also, while I was reconstructing the universe, I returned all the mana I’d absorbed, so I was now back to my former strength. I’d already experienced the feeling of being that strong, though, so if the Goddess were to do something stupid again, I was confident I could go back to punch her a bit.</p>

      <p>“So it’s over?” Dina, who was standing beside me, asked.</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” I answered.</p>

      <p>Though few words were exchanged, they were filled with a lot of sentiment.</p>

      <p><em>Over... Yeah, it finally is. All we did was make the Goddess lay down her script. That’s all. But the process to make that happen was so long. </em></p>

      <p><em>Now, Mizgarz is no longer in her hands. There will be no guidance from the Goddess from here on out. Even if there were, it wouldn’t be useful, so we’ll just have to find our way ourselves.</em></p>

      <p>“Miss Lufaaassss! I believed in yooouuuuu!”</p>

      <p>Scorpius spread her arms wide as she jumped at me, but she never reached her destination. Libra immediately grabbed her head firmly, stopping her.</p>

      <p>“Raagghh! What do you think you’re doing, you piece of junk?!”</p>

      <p>“I am suppressing a pervert who is trying to approach my master,” said Libra. “I am doing nothing wrong.”</p>

      <p>“Just how am I a pervert?! I’ll turn you into scrap!”</p>

      <p>“Things will only take longer with you around, so I will send you back to the moon first.”</p>

      <p>“Yoooouuuu!”</p>

      <p>Libra’s arm separated at the elbow, and the forearm flew off into the sky still holding Scorpius. As Libra herself said, it was headed for the moon.</p>

      <p>At first glance, the moon looked the same as usual, but I’d actually made some adjustments as I was putting things back to normal. I’d moved Maphaahl Tower to the dark side of the moon. Why did I do something like that? Because I planned to live on the moon from now on.</p>

      <p>I was still considered the symbol of fear throughout Mizgarz in the end. I’d destroyed this world once already. No matter how I tried to smooth that over, I couldn’t avoid being feared by others. That was why I would withdraw from the world at large and try making a country on the moon while living a laid-back life.</p>

      <p>While I was adjusting the moon during my reconstruction efforts, I’d tweaked it so that the environment would be survivable for living things. It still looked the same from Mizgarz, but that was just the effect of magic. There were already oceans and other proofs of nature on it. Other than that, though, it was still fresh, virgin ground, and I would have to get to work building towns and the like from now on.</p>

      <p>Of course, if I were to openly declare myself as its ruler, people would only come to fear the moon as a symbol of ill omen, so I simply made it common knowledge that the Goddess lived on the moon as I made Dina a new Goddess. In short, she now had the alias of Goddess of the Moon. <em>She just keeps getting more titles, doesn’t she?</em></p>

      <p>“And whose fault is that?” Dina retorted.</p>

      <p>“I know. It’s mine,” I casually responded as I looked down at the earth.</p>

      <p>We’d already dropped people off of the Ark, which was now hidden on the dark side of the moon.</p>

      <p>The view was as peaceful as usual, but there was something that was different: they no longer feared the devilfolk. Obviously, the devilfolk couldn’t remain on Mizgarz. They’d been the enemy of humanity for too long, so they had all been moved to the moon. From their point of view, they probably didn’t like the idea of living with me, the very symbol of all their fears, but it’d be best if they just considered this comeuppance for all the things they’d done up until now.</p>

      <p>“But are you sure about this?” asked Libra. “If you act now, you will surely be able to achieve world conquest again, master.”</p>

      <p>“True. Such a thing would be easy... But the reason I even wanted to do so in the first place was to allow weak people to be able to live in peace without having to fear the devilfolk. Now, all the devilfolk have been moved here, so my goals have all been reached,” I answered with a hand wave, dismissing her concerns.</p>

      <p>At this point, I didn’t want control of the world. I had no reason for it. My last job for the outside world would be to take in those who would only cause sparks of conflict if left on Mizgarz, like the devilfolk.</p>

      <p>Of course, I didn’t only bring the devilfolk to the moon. There were also the demihuman villages and the small number of monsters who were over level 300 and clearly too dangerous for these times. The only things like that I left on Mizgarz were Pisces, who would take charge of protecting the waters from now on, and his underwater kingdom.</p>

      <p>“Also, it seems that I’m not well suited to governing. At best, I can just use my power to force my way through... My method of leadership was to use power and violence to rule through fear instead of reason. I would just be a conqueror and a tyrant like that. I would never be thought of as a wise and benevolent ruler. Rulers like me would be in high demand during times of upheaval, but Mizgarz should no longer need those. Most importantly, I already disappeared from that stage once. I don’t want to come back to that as if I couldn’t let the title go.” Lufas paused. “It’s time to let things be decided by those living in the present.”</p>

      <p>Though I said I would rule, I would probably be rather useless as a king in times of peace. Invasion, suppression, and wreaking havoc by standing on the front lines myself were the things I was good at, and all of them were just different applications of force in the end. I think I’d be a great king in wartime. In times where victory was everything, no one other than the Goddess could outvalue me.</p>

      <p>However, expanding territory during wartime and governing during peacetime were two completely different problems. By my estimation, I wouldn’t even compare to the likes of Megrez in terms of governing ability. Being called a conqueror sounds cool, but in the end, the ones who get called that are just the unstable rulers who can only show their stuff with an enemy around. Killing my enemies until there were no more of them and creating a peace beyond those mountains of bodies and rivers of blood was the only thing I could do.</p>

      <p>So what about after all the fighting? In a world without enemies, what happens to an incompetent king? Should I find a new enemy? Continuing to make enemies like that by saying, “I don’t like X or Y,” would only result in my finding myself alone.</p>

      <p>Now, because of all I’d been through, I could definitely say this: it was a good thing I had lost to Alioth and the others. If I hadn’t, I probably would have become a second Alovenus by now.</p>

      <p>A peaceful world had no need of me as a king. In fact, it would be actively bad. That was the conclusion I’d reached after leaving this world once and gaining knowledge from Earth.</p>

      <p>“By the way, Miss Lufas, what do you plan to do with the devilfolk?” Dina questioned.</p>

      <p>“Ah, them... Well, apparently, there really is no way to transform them from a magic spell into true living beings. I mean, if she could have done that in the first place, the Goddess would never have gone through the trouble of bringing in subjects from Earth.”</p>

      <p>In response to Dina’s question, I answered with a harsh bit of news for the devilfolk. As expected, they would not be able to become truly alive. It once seemed like it might have been possible, but given that the Goddess Alovenus couldn’t find a way, it could be considered basically impossible at this point.</p>

      <p>However, this was something I’d predicted would happen. Alovenus had gone through the trouble of bringing in organisms from Earth instead of making them herself, after all. If she could have used magic to make true life, then there would have been no need for her to do this, and Mizgarz would have had a much wider variety of creatures.</p>

      <p>But bad news wasn’t all I had.</p>

      <p>“There was no method to transform the devilfolk from a magic spell to true life... But, that’s not the end of it. It would be easy to change the nature of the magic.”</p>

      <p>“Nature?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Originally, the devilfolk were an attack spell fired at humanity...” Lufas trailed off. “But I had Alovenus change the nature of the spell, and now they’ve lost the instinct driving them to attack people. It seems that the devilfolk also have a pseudosoul, so apparently, it is possible for them to install that into a baby yet to be born and create avatars that way.”</p>

      <p>To be honest, I was a little surprised at that. I would never have expected Alovenus to prepare such an emergency measure.</p>

      <p>When I’d asked for more detail, I found out that it wasn’t actually meant to be used as such. Alovenus just figured it would be too much trouble to have to create them again, so she prepared a way to repurpose them beforehand. She’d made it to give herself a shortcut, treating the devilfolk as something akin to recyclable plastic.</p>

      <p>After that line of questioning, Alovenus had seemed surprised as she asked me, “Huh? You didn’t realize this? I believe I should have summoned a devilfolk named Mars to fight you when I possessed Pollux before...”</p>

      <p><em>Now that I think about it, she’s right.</em></p>

      <p>Argonautai was a skill that needed a soul to summon, and it was true that Pollux had indeed once summoned that weirdo Mars. <em>I didn’t pay much attention back then. I see though. That was my mistake. </em>I never thought that an answer would have already been shown to me back then.</p>

      <p>So, of the devilfolk, Mercurius, who had died in Draupnir, had already been summoned back as a heroic spirit and was currently speaking to Terra. However, while there were those who would come back, there were also those who wouldn’t.</p>

      <p>I stopped looking out at the morning view and returned my gaze to the deck of the <em>Argo</em>. There stood Alioth, Dubhe, Phecda, and Mizar. A little farther away stood Benetnasch, Megrez, and Merak—the living members—watching over us. Just by seeing this, I understood their decision.</p>

      <p>For a moment, I was quiet. “You’re all leaving, aren’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” said Alioth. “We talked about it, and in the end, it didn’t feel right to cling to the living world like this.”</p>

      <p>“We’re just bear shadows of the pawst who should already be gone. We decided to bear ourselves graciously and leave,” said Dubhe.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Dubhe, your tic.”</p>

      <p>“Whoops. I medvedev’ed a mistake. There’s no need to mind it. It doesn’t warrant such a big re-arctos.”</p>

      <p>“You’re doing this on purpose, aren’t you?”</p>

      <p>Alioth and Dubhe acting as a comedic duo like that was a nostalgic sight. They said that even death couldn’t cure idiots, and it seemed that the adage was true. Somehow, that made me strangely happy, and I couldn’t help but laugh.</p>

      <p>“Our adventure is already over,” stated Phecda, seeming calm. “We don’t want to get in the way of the younger generation.”</p>

      <p>“If I stayed, there’d be two of me, so going back to my grave would be best,” Mizar said, making it seem as if he were doing something as casual as going home.</p>

      <p><em>What an impatient bunch</em>, I thought. Nothing bad would happen if they decided to enjoy life a little while longer, given that they were already back and everything, and if something bad did happen, I could just complain to the Goddess. But it was their decision, and also probably their way of making things right, so I decided to see them off instead of throwing a fit about it. <em>It’s going to feel a little lonely around here though.</em></p>

      <p>“I managed to see you make it through to the end, after all. I don’t have any lingering attachments left,” said Alioth.</p>

      <p>“I got to fight with you as a friend again at the end. That’s more than enough for me,” Mizar admitted.</p>

      <p>Alioth and Mizar spoke as if a great weight had been lifted off of them. <em>They must have really regretted that silly mistake from the past all this time. </em>Since I’d kind of driven them to it, their regret seemed kind of misplaced, but it was great that they seemed satisfied.</p>

      <p>“I...see... Then, at the very least, have a drink with me before you go,” I said.</p>

      <p>I snapped my fingers, and Libra swiftly handed everyone a glass and poured wine into them. One of her arms should have been on the moon with Scorpius, but for some reason, she currently had both attached at the moment. I spied a mass-produced Libra a little farther away who was missing an arm and staring accusingly at Libra and instantly realized that she’d probably seized it. <em>Make sure you return it later.</em></p>

      <p><em>Anyway, this is going to be the last toast I’ll raise with them.</em></p>

      <p>The Seven Heroes all clinked their glasses against mine when I raised it, reminding me of all the time we’d spent together as if it were yesterday.</p>

      <p><em>I wonder how long it’s been since the last time I looked upon all seven of them as we shared drinks together and felt so at peace. In truth, I want to talk with them a little longer, but dragging things out will only make it worse, won’t it?</em></p>

      <p>I was quiet, then said, “Well then. Alioth, Dubhe, Phecda, and Mizar, we will probably never meet again.”</p>

      <p>This would be our final farewell. I knew that this universe had an afterlife, but it would be a long time before I went there. I was sure that by the time it happened, Alioth and the others would no longer be around. They would probably have reincarnated already and be living their new lives.</p>

      <p>Souls had a cycle to them. I didn’t know how it was on Earth, but that was how things were on Mizgarz. Thinking about it, this was only natural. The Goddess was lazy enough to try to repurpose the devilfolk. There was no way she would go through the trouble of creating new souls. That useless Goddess had even been reusing souls this entire time to populate Mizgarz. <em>Give your shortcuts a rest!</em></p>

      <p>So of course, they would no longer be Alioth, or anyone else I knew, once they were reincarnated. In other words, even if we did meet again in another life, we would not recognize each other.</p>

      <p>“To our past together.”</p>

      <p>“And to our permanent parting.”</p>

      <p>We toasted.</p>

      <p>With that, I downed all the wine in my glass in one gulp.</p>

      <p>Long conversations were unnecessary when reminiscing about the past. One glass was enough. This last toast, washing away all the bad blood between us, was more than enough... I was content.</p>

      <p>I swallowed down all the swirling memories in my mind along with my wine, and then Alioth, Mizar, Phecda, and Dubhe left.</p>

      <p><em>A lot happened, but I can still say this about all of you. I’m glad I met you all. I’m glad I was able to meet you and go on adventures with you. I think that from the bottom of my heart. It feels kind of strange to be saying this to people who are already dead, but... Safe journey to you.</em></p>

      <h1>10</h1>

      <p>“I see... So you really are going to go back.”</p>

      <p>We were on Mizgarz, the morning sun shining down on us. We’d landed the <em>Argo</em> on solid ground, and the hero’s party and Virgo, who had an inscrutable expression on her face, were currently disembarked.</p>

      <p>Sei stood in front of all of them. Now that the Goddess’s script was no more, heroes weren’t required anymore. This world no longer needed tales like that. All there should be were people building their own futures with their own wills—not stories but reality. So, there was no reason for him to stay in this world. He had his own life on Earth and dreams he wanted to fulfill.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. The other world really does suit me better,” said Sei.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t as if he had no ties to this world. If he were to be honest to himself, there were things he wanted to say to the girl in front of him. However, their life spans were just too different. As a heaven-winged, Virgo would go on to live hundreds, even thousands of years. On the other hand, Sei would only live to be a little past eighty at best. Even if he were to just announce his feelings under the assumption he would get turned down, Virgo would be the one getting hurt on the off chance she said yes. Therefore, Sei decided the best thing for him to do was keep his unfulfillable feelings locked up inside him. Though in his mind, the chances were much higher that he would just be rejected anyway.</p>

      <p>“The problem is your strength though. You might look weak compared to Lufas and others like her, but if you went back to Earth as is...”</p>

      <p>Sei was currently level 55. This was thanks to the effect of a small amount of mana—well, what Lufas considered a small amount, anyway—Lufas had neglected to collect when claiming the Goddess’s planned gift to Sei of the ouroboroses’ mana.</p>

      <p>Of course, to Lufas and her peers, that amount of mana would make no difference, being barely perceptible. However, the same would not fly on Earth. Where on Earth would you find a person able to run faster than a cheetah or a student with more sheer strength than a bear? Even his stamina and vitality were far removed from human levels at this point.</p>

      <p>If, for example, some criminal were to try to stab Sei with a kitchen knife, his skin wouldn’t even be pierced so long as he concentrated on his defense. Even if he were shot, basically all that would happen was that it would hurt. That was how superhuman he was. The people he was comparing himself to were just too far beyond that. Sei was already well past the line of being superhuman. If he felt like it, he could sweep the gold medals at the Olympics many times over. It wouldn’t be tough to take the top spot in the world in combat sports either. He might even be able to take top spot in all of them and start an invincible dynasty.</p>

      <p><em>If I were to go back to Earth with this power... Should that really be allowed?</em></p>

      <p>“It shouldn’t be a problem. This was the strength you built up yourself in this world. There’s no need to be ashamed of it. Take it as a gift for your deeds,” Lufas said, seeming to not care about Sei’s worries.</p>

      <p>“Um... Are you sure?” asked Sei.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it. If you had power, you would never abuse it. Right?”</p>

      <p>Lufas hadn’t said this thoughtlessly. She’d said all that because she was speaking about Sei. If it were someone like Debris instead, Lufas would have simply ignored his wishes and returned him to level 1, by force if she had to. She had declared that it would be fine because Sei was the one with the power.</p>

      <p>From start to finish, he had never taken the easy way out. He was a hero who never stopped searching for the correct path. He could be trusted and sent home as he was.</p>

      <p>“Not to mention, didn’t you want to be a police officer?” asked Lufas. “That power would be useful to you then. Might as well have the strength to arrest violent criminals, right? Just go be the best policeman there is.”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha... After a fight like that, there’s no way I could call myself the strongest.”</p>

      <p>Sei laughed reservedly as he looked over to his friends whom he’d traveled with all this time. There were Gantz, Jean, Friedrich, the female knight gorilla, Kross, Petto, and Sargess, not to mention the dog monster at his feet. All of them seemed somewhat sad and lonely after realizing they were about to part. There were also the three adventurers—Richard, Nick, and Shuu—as well as Alfie and the ranger squad.</p>

      <p><em>Now that I think about it, this is a pretty diverse group that doesn’t seem much like a hero’s party. I remember I thought it was some sort of prank when we first met, but now that it’s all over, all I have are good memories.</em></p>

      <p><em>Yeah, good memories... Probably... Should be.</em></p>

      <p>“Well then... Everyone, thank you all so much for everything.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Be well on the other side,” Jean said.</p>

      <p>Jean immediately laid his hand on top of Sei’s when he offered it. The others placed their hands on top of Jean’s as well. Virgo was the last to put her hand in, and for just a moment, she locked eyes with Sei.</p>

      <p>“Sei... Take care of yourself, okay? I...” Virgo hesitated. “I won’t forget you.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I will. I...won’t forget you either,” Sei replied.</p>

      <p>The two of them seemed loath to separate their hands. Seeing this scene, Lufas snapped her fingers, and a crack in space appeared in front of Sei. It was a gate leading to Earth, though it was no simple gate. It also led to the past, thanks to a combination of Lufas’s and Dina’s skills. Sei would be dropped off in Japan in 2015—in other words, the time right after he had been summoned. Though Sei had only spent less than a year in this world, he would regain that year in youth as well when he went back. At his age, several months was a long time, after all.</p>

      <p>“Once you pass through that gate, you will go back to the days before coming to this world. You’ll also be where you were when you were summoned, so don’t worry about being suddenly dropped off in some foreign country,” Lufas explained.</p>

      <p>“Sorry for relying on you for so much.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it. You ended up involved in all this because of us in the first place, so sending you back safely is the least I can do.”</p>

      <p>Sei chuckled a little after hearing what Lufas had to say, before he turned to face the gate. However, he turned back to look at Virgo just once, reluctant, before he seemed to have gathered his resolve and ran into the gate. This was probably his first love as well as his first heartbreak, and while Sei faintly realized this, Virgo had most likely gone through this parting with no knowledge of her feelings.</p>

      <p>Watching the two of them, Dina whispered, “He was a good kid,” in a low voice.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. He was useless in a fight, but...” Lufas paused. “He was a true hero, unlike me, who can only solve things with violence.”</p>

      <p>What Minamijuuji Sei had accomplished was small but very, very important. Though he didn’t have the power of Lufas or the Thirteen Heavenly Stars, things would not have gone this well if not for his choices. He almost assuredly had no idea of this, but every one of his decisions from start to finish had been the opposite of what the Goddess had wanted. Even Lufas and Benetnasch had had times where they had acted as the Goddess wished, so comparatively, he had done amazingly well.</p>

      <p>“You don’t seriously intend to allow this love to just fizzle out like this, do you?” Dina asked.</p>

      <p>“It all depends on that kid. If he continues to think of Virgo on the other side, and if Virgo realizes her feelings on her own...then we could consider bringing him back here after death as one of the argonautai. But I have no intention of pushing them one way or the other. It’s completely up to them,” explained Lufas.</p>

      <p>Now that they’d come this far, no one wanted a bad ending for anyone. No one would benefit from it. So, if the two of them still felt for each other even after their paths split, then Lufas planned to bend the rules of the world a little to help them out. The one thing she didn’t want was for Virgo to cry, so if she wanted, then Lufas could send her to Japan, or she could simply return Sei to Mizgarz after his death. Lufas planned on respecting their will, of course, so it was all up to the people in question in the end.</p>

      <p>“Well, let’s just wait and see for now,” said Lufas. “What will those two youngsters come up with?”</p>

      <p>“You talk as if you’re old,” Dina said.</p>

      <p>“I am way older than they are. How many hundreds of years do you think I’ve been alive?”</p>

      <p>“But Miss Lufas, you would only be sixteen or seventeen in human years if you factor in the fact that you were sealed outside of time for a lot of that.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Lufas asked, after a moment of stunned silence.</p>

      <p>The heaven-winged grew up fast but aged slowly. They reached their late teens, where they had the most energy and strength of their lives, very quickly. After that, they almost never changed, so it was very hard to tell what age they were from their appearance.</p>

      <p>All this time, Lufas had calculated her own age as being around her early twenties in human years, but taking away the time she had been sealed, she was quite young. Lufas herself seemed very surprised upon hearing this, showing the strange sight of her counting with her fingers as she tried to calculate her age.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Nooo!” Pisces wailed. “Why must We remain on Mizgarz?! This’ll mean We’ve been practically nonexistent until the very end!”</p>

      <p>“Honestly, all I can say is that you just joined too late...” Sagittarius explained.</p>

      <p>“You basically only ever show up right before the final battle,” said Aigokeros.</p>

      <p>“That’s just because you all left us for last! We’ve been in the ocean this entire time, so you could have just gotten us first! Also, put on some pants already, you shit horse!”</p>

      <p>On the other side of the <em>Argo</em>, Pisces, who had become one of the few members of the Thirteen Stars to remain on Mizgarz, was throwing a temper tantrum. Sagittarius and Aigokeros were trying to calm him down, but they weren’t having much success.</p>

      <p>However, this had to be done. In the end, Pisces commanded a large area of the ocean and its denizens, thanks to his kingdom, something that none of the other members of the Thirteen Stars had. Having him ignore all this and move to the moon would only inconvenience his subjects, and the moon was a bit too small to move his entire country there. Even when they had been crammed into the Ark, Skíðblaðnir was the only country that seemed terribly cramped.</p>

      <p>Orm and Terra, along with the rest of the devilfolk, watched this fit from a little ways away. The fairy siblings, Pollux and Castor, were also nearby.</p>

      <p>While watching Pisces wail and scream, Saturnus heaved an exasperated sigh. “The Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars were supposed to be the very definition of fear for us...but looking at them now... They somehow seem like real fools...”</p>

      <p>“They actually are a gathering of fools,” agreed Pollux. “Though we’re the Thirteen Stars now.”</p>

      <p>The two of them sighed once again. As fellow common-sense-having, responsible individuals, they seemed to get along surprisingly well.</p>

      <p>“Well, we’re not much different on that front. Aren’t I right, certain someone who went flying off the handle and got themselves killed for no reason?” Saturnus said somewhat mockingly after turning around. She was looking directly at Mercurius, who had died in Draupnir.</p>

      <p>There was a pause before Mercurius muttered, “Sorry about that.”</p>

      <p>Though he looked unchanged, he was now a member of the argonautai, a being who was basically the polar opposite of a devilfolk. Pollux had just barely been able to think of Mercurius as a hero after hearing how he had died, so he was able to come back and was thus able to uncomfortably turn away in response to Saturnus.</p>

      <p>There were other losses from the devilfolk, like Jupiter, but he had apparently wished to enter the cycle of rebirth. His exact words had been, “I want to begin a new life where I can forget my fear of that golem, Libra.”</p>

      <p>“By the way... What about Mars?” Saturnus asked.</p>

      <p>“Sorry. No matter how I try, I just can’t think of him as a hero,” Pollux replied, apologetic.</p>

      <p>Saturnus agreed with Pollux though. <em>Yeah, it’d be impossible for me too.</em> Mercurius could be considered a hero, given some changes in perspective, but Mars had been an idiot no matter the point of view. She felt like she could even see Mars’s annoying smile up in the sky as he asked, “When’s my revival?”</p>

      <p>Saturnus shot a magic cannonball up at the place she imagined Mars to be to get rid of him.</p>

      <p>“No, that’s more than enough,” said Orm. “We owe you one for this.”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. Don’t worry about it. You don’t need to feel indebted to me for that,” Pollux replied.</p>

      <p>Though Orm’s words had been gentle, Pollux was cold in return. She wasn’t doing so on purpose, of course. It was just a habit that had formed over their long years of knowing each other.</p>

      <p>“Also, if you call that a debt, then I’m way more indebted to you. How many times do you think you’ve helped me feel better whenever I’ve been depressed over all these years?” asked Pollux.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Well, that’s...”</p>

      <p>“Actually, I’ve been wondering about this for a while now. Why have you always been so nice to me? We were supposed to be enemies, at least on the surface.”</p>

      <p>“That’s... Hmm, I wonder why?” Orm averted his gaze uncomfortably in response to Pollux’s question.</p>

      <p>Seeing this, Saturnus came upon the answer faster than Pollux. Rather, she stumbled upon it. <em>I see, I see. So it’s like that, huh? No wonder our king was always so worried over the Fairy Princess. </em></p>

      <p>As she realized this, Saturnus was assaulted by a feeling of lethargy.</p>

      <p>“Ah, so that’s it. I guess even the Devil King is just a man in the end. Oh my... I never even got to the stage of lost love...”</p>

      <p>Though Saturnus had never said it out loud, she had feelings for Orm. However, such feelings were nothing but rude to the man who was her ruler, so she’d hidden them. That was why she’d never had the opportunity to have her heart broken; she’d never stepped up to the stage in the first place. Even so, this realization still left her shocked.</p>

      <p>“Saturnus... You...” Mercurius trailed off.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, and? Is that so bad? All this means is that I lost without ever getting in the ring. We’ve both been saddled with some terrible roles, haven’t we? It’s great that you got revived, but it’s not like you could confess now anyway either. Right?”</p>

      <p>Mercurius could say nothing in response. He had unrequited feelings for Luna. She’d never even noticed him though, and now, she and Terra were a couple. There was no chance for him to get between them any longer. The same went for Saturnus. It was all over by the time she’d come around to her own feelings of love. Pollux had yet to realize anything though, so she didn’t exactly have no chance at all... Still, there was no need to start this contest between the Fairy Princess and a common devilfolk. Saturnus could see the writing on the wall.</p>

      <p>“I’m drinking these feelings away tonight,” Saturnus declared. “I know you’re free, so join me.”</p>

      <p>“I shall. I feel like drinking today too,” said Mercurius.</p>

      <p>The two brokenhearted devilfolk turned around and immediately left.</p>

      <p>As an aside, they would marry in a decade, but neither of them knew that at the moment.</p>

      <h1>11</h1>

      <p>A year had passed since the battle with the Goddess. This was basically no time at all to Lufas and the others, who could live hundreds, if not thousands, of years. However, that wasn’t so for the rest of the world. It had only been a year, but a year was long. Just a single year was enough for the world to change and for people to start moving on.</p>

      <p>The role of watching over them and gently guiding them on the correct path had been foisted on the Goddess of the Moon, Dina. In both title and action, she was the acting Goddess as well as the one with the most authority on the moon’s surface. She’d never stopped being one of Lufas’s subordinates however, so Lufas was actually the one with the highest authority. She was more useless than a cat though, so in the end, Dina was still on top. This was something Lufas herself admitted. While she was great at defeating her enemies and gathering more land and followers, she was not well suited for governing once things were peaceful.</p>

      <p>Of course, Lufas’s very existence acted as a deterrent, and for now, there was meaning in her just lounging around, relaxing. In that sense, Lufas probably wouldn’t leave the top seat for a while.</p>

      <p>Also, the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars formally welcomed Dina and Orm into their ranks as the dual Snake Charmer seat. Now, they were the Imperial Thirteen Heavenly Stars. Yes, Imperial. Not Conquering. There was no more need to conquer and force people under their thumb.</p>

      <p>“Lady Dina, I have gathered the documents for you.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much, Libra. Please leave them over there.”</p>

      <p>On the second-to-top floor of Maphaahl Tower, which had been moved to the moon, Dina was hard at work. Here, she managed everything from dealing with various troubles on Mizgarz to balancing the ecosystem, deciding the weather, and detecting—and, if possible, stopping—any natural disasters, like earthquakes, that might occur.</p>

      <p>If any countries threatened to cause chaos throughout the world, it was possible to cause an earthquake or other such disaster in order to put them in check as well. Luckily, there had yet to be any countries like that. Still, humans were creatures that could grow accustomed to peace. Though they had still been grateful for peace over the course of this meager year, continuing like this for several more years would probably mean there’d be those who would grow...unhealthy ambitions. There were still many nobles who were rotten to the core, like Debris, so Dina’s worries never ceased.</p>

      <p>“This is hopeless,” Dina said.</p>

      <p>“That’s why I told you already, Dina. You should just solve all this in a flash with your divine power, and use it to brainwash some new puppets and replace them or something.”</p>

      <p>“You’re in the way, Lady Alovenus. Please do not enter my office.”</p>

      <p>“So mean!”</p>

      <p>Dina treated a girl who looked exactly like her as a nuisance.</p>

      <p>Her facial features were basically the same as Dina’s. Only the color of her hair, which turned gold around her nape, was different. Her clothing, unlike Dina’s, was a white dress with a blue cape. She was the Goddess Alovenus, whom Lufas had fought.</p>

      <p>Of course, this wasn’t the actual Alovenus. If she were to descend here herself, it would cause the universe to collapse, so this was one of her avatars instead. Unlike Dina’s case, though, it was an avatar made of divine power, as well as something made to be possessed by the Goddess that had no will of its own. In other words, Alovenus was, in fact, here, just in a different body.</p>

      <p>It was just a small detail, but Lufas was the one who had created her current avatar. Alovenus herself could not adjust her power well enough, and it seemed any avatar she tried to make this way ended up a strange size. It was no wonder why Alovenus had only ever made naturally birthed avatars.</p>

      <p>“You know I’m a goddess, right? I’m your original too! I’m the most important being in all the universes, you know?! You should worship me more, care about me more!”</p>

      <p>“Libra, please remove this useless person from the premises,” Dina ordered.</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p>“Heeyyyy!”</p>

      <p>In response to Dina’s command, Libra grabbed Alovenus by the nape of the neck and dragged her out of the office, eventually throwing her outside of Maphaahl Tower packed into a cardboard box marked with the words “do not pick up.”</p>

      <p>It didn’t matter that she had been thrown out of a window several thousand meters up; she was an avatar of the Goddess. She wouldn’t take even 1 damage, and even if the avatar died, it wouldn’t affect the true Goddess.</p>

      <p>Libra—who had just thrown out the Goddess, and her supposed true master—simply turned right around and returned to the office as if nothing had happened.</p>

      <p>“By the way, Libra, have you seen Miss Lufas?” Dina asked. “I haven’t been able to find her since this morning.”</p>

      <p>“No, I have not.”</p>

      <p>“I see. There are a couple things here that I’d like to ask her opinion on...” Dina said, seemingly troubled as she looked out the window of the tower.</p>

      <p><em>Mizgarz is as blue and round as always. I’m sure it’ll be that way tomorrow and the day after as well. Not to mention for years, decades, and centuries to come. It’ll still stay just as round and blue. The age of strife is over, so there shouldn’t be any more conflict that can change the face of the planet.</em></p>

      <p>Both Mizgarz and its moon were swaddled in peace today.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>On the surface of Mizgarz, several kings of different countries gathered together in Svel’s palace, discussing matters at a round table. There was Laevateinn’s Alioth VI; Gjallarhorn’s Merak; Draupnir’s Emperor Beahr; Blutgang’s king accompanied by the Mizar golem; Svel’s king accompanied by Megrez as his advisor; Hrotti’s king, who now presided over a country making a miraculous recovery; and Mjolnir’s ruler, Benetnasch. Also in attendance were Skíðblaðnir’s king, Pisces, and Nectar’s queen, Aquarius.</p>

      <p>They discussed the state of affairs in each of their countries as well as the import and export of each country’s local specialties. This was something that would never have happened until recently. This was especially true for Benetnasch’s presence, which was something akin to a miracle.</p>

      <p>“Then we will donate fifty million el to support Hrotti’s restoration. In exchange, they will prioritize us, Mjolnir, when exporting goods.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much, Vampire Princess.”</p>

      <p>“Wait just a second there, Benet. You can’t just monopolize things. Blutgang will also be sending a group of engineers, so send some goods our way as well.”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch was usually thought of as a meathead, but she was surprisingly good at administration. If she weren’t, then she wouldn’t have remained the monarch of her country for over two hundred years, unlike a certain muscle-brained conqueror. Unless Lufas specifically was involved, Benetnasch actually tended to be quite calm and intelligent about things.</p>

      <p>After that, discussions continued, only ending when the sun began to set.</p>

      <p>As soon as the meeting was adjourned, Benetnasch stood up and left. There were no guards with her, even though she was the ruler of a country; nobody would be so reckless as to try to lay a hand on her. She didn’t need guards. Benetnasch by herself was the strongest military force on Mizgarz.</p>

      <p>This didn’t apply just to her though. Megrez, Merak, and Pisces had also come without guards. Aquarius had come with Ganymedes, but he was more like her means of transport rather than a guard.</p>

      <p>“Hmph... Maphaahl is missing as always, I see,” Benetnasch muttered, dissatisfied.</p>

      <p>“Well, she does reside on the moon. She probably won’t stick her neck into Mizgarz’s affairs at this point,” Megrez answered with a slight chuckle.</p>

      <p>Merak and the Mizar golem stood nearby, looking up at the moon.</p>

      <p>“This situation is also exactly what she wanted, in a sense,” said Merak, stepping in for support. “I believe she said, ‘I will take the reins of the world and make it a peaceful place without devilfolk...’ It’s different from what she’d initially planned, but she did make it happen. Some would say she’s the only one who got exactly what she wanted.”</p>

      <p>This only made Benetnasch more upset. “That’s why I don’t like this.”</p>

      <p><em>She always does this... Every single time, she leaves while she’s ahead... And by the time I notice, she’s ahead of me. I really can’t stand that, but it also makes it really worth chasing her... Agh, it’s just too complicated!</em></p>

      <p>“I suppose you could say that everything from here on out is our responsibility. We fell for the Goddess’s plot in the past and messed up the world... We still haven’t fully atoned for that,” Megrez said, speaking from the heart.</p>

      <p>This only caused Benetnasch to become defiant.</p>

      <p>“Don’t group me in with you, idiot.”</p>

      <p>She was the only one among the group who hadn’t gone berserk or been controlled by the Goddess. <em>I’m different.</em> That was what she was asserting. Still, though she had never been controlled, Benetnasch had played a part in Lufas’s disappearance. In truth, she couldn’t push that hard.</p>

      <p>“We made a mistake back then, but Lufas still returned and fixed the world for us. So from now on, our role should be to...choose the right path and lead the world down the road of peace this time... Doubly so in order to honor the wishes of those who’ve left before us,” Megrez said.</p>

      <p>Mizar’s golem and Merak nodded in response, and though Benetnasch didn’t nod along with them, she didn’t deny what Megrez said either.</p>

      <p>Alioth, Dubhe, Phecda, and Mizar had all already gone, leaving them behind. That meant it was their responsibility as those who remained—or as the clone of Mizar—to fulfill the dreams and goals the others hadn’t been able to realize themselves. After all, the remaining Seven Heroes were sure that such was the ideal they had chased after when they had still all been together.</p>

      <p>As Benetnasch and the other heroes started to walk away, the phantoms of the departed heroes appeared a little ways away from them for just a moment, seemingly watching over their still-living friends. They looked satisfied after that scene and disappeared along with the wind.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>The devilfolk’s castle stood somewhat removed from Maphaahl Tower. They had been given about half the moon as territory to build a country and were now living peaceful and fulfilling lives. The devilfolk were no longer hounded by murderous impulses. Though that neither excused their past sins nor served to relieve them of their fear of Lufas, time was slowly healing them of both.</p>

      <p>Today, a certain event was taking place inside the castle that was situated in the middle of their country. For this event, Terra was dressed in a black suit, while Luna was next to him in a pure-white dress. They stood before Aigokeros, who was dressed as a priest and reading aloud from a cheat sheet.</p>

      <p>Many people would probably wonder why a celebratory occasion like this was being overseen by the Demon Lord, of all people, dressed as a priest, but Terra and Luna were the ones who had requested this. They didn’t need to swear to the deity who had toyed with their lives so much. Such a deity wasn’t worth believing in. So instead of swearing before a god, they decided to swear in front of the polar opposite instead—a demon—as a show of their defiance.</p>

      <p>“Do you, Terra, take Luna as your lawfully wedded wife, to love and to hold, in sickness and in health, in times poor and plentiful? Do you swear to walk the path of your lives together until death do you part? Do you swear to love her, think of her, and be with her upon the name of god?” asked Aigokeros.</p>

      <p>“No, not to any god. I swear to my wife and myself.”</p>

      <p>“And do you, Luna, take Terra as your lawfully wedded husband, to love and to hold, in sickness and in health, in times poor and plentiful? Do you swear to walk the path of your lives together until death do you part? Do you swear to love him, think of him, and be with him upon the name of god?”</p>

      <p>“No, not to any god. I swear to my husband and myself.”</p>

      <p>The devilfolk’s wedding ceremony was slightly different than that of humans. They would never swear or pray to any god, only ever swearing love to themselves and their partner. That was probably the most appropriate way to wed for those whose name had the word devil in it.</p>

      <p>After hearing their responses, Aigokeros spread his arms out and assumed his original form as the Demon Lord.</p>

      <p>“Everyone, do not entreat our god above for the sake of these two. Through their bond of wedlock, they no longer need the help of any god. O Goddess, creator of all that is in this universe, you have created people modeled after yourself and celebrated their love. But that is enough. These two do not need your blessings. Even without you, they will live in love and create a healthy family. Whether in happy times or sad, they will never forget to trust and be grateful for each other. Even without your support, they will work hard, and continue to love and comfort each other, even when experiencing trouble. They will be blessed with many friends, and because of the fruits brought by marriage, they will grow and lead even more fulfilling lives.”</p>

      <p>Aigokeros’s speech denied divinity, saying that they didn’t need help or a script. It asserted that they could walk on their own and asked the Goddess to please not do anything unnecessary.</p>

      <p>Having heard this speech from beginning to end, Alovenus’s face was locked in a difficult-to-describe expression, but no one at the ceremony knew that.</p>

      <p>“Well then, everyone, all together now: God is dead!”</p>

      <p>At Aigokeros’s signal, all the attendees shouted that heretical line in unison. At the same time, the sounds of celebratory clapping resounded as the newlyweds walked down the path of flowers.</p>

      <p>Seeing them, Mercurius looked like he was about to die.</p>

      <p>“Come on, shape up,” Saturnus said. “Don’t bring the place down after you got invited and everything.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I know... I know, but...” Mercurius trailed off. “If she’s happy, then I’m happy too... We should celebrate...”</p>

      <p>“You know you look like the world’s most unfortunate being right now, right?”</p>

      <p>Opposite of those two were Pollux and Orm, who were properly celebrating. Well, Orm actually seemed rather conflicted.</p>

      <p>“It really is a terrible feeling, seeing your son surpass you,” Orm admitted.</p>

      <p>“Well, there’s nothing you can do about it, right? It’s not like you need anyone, seeing as how you’re a perfect ouroboros and everything. I’m also alone at my age, you know. Aren’t we just fine?”</p>

      <p>Ouroboroses and fairies were just a little different from normal living beings. They had absolutely no need for making children or finding companions. In that sense, the devilfolk were the same, but Terra and Luna loved each other even without any of that being part of the equation.</p>

      <p>“Well, you are right about that...” Orm admitted. “To tell you the truth though, I started having a little interest in that sort of thing a couple thousand years ago. Not that the person I have in mind even notices.”</p>

      <p>“Really now? So you actually had someone like that. Still though, how dense can they be? Not noticing for thousands of years...?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah.”</p>

      <p>“Actually, wait a second. There aren’t many who live for thousands of years, are there?” Pollux asked. “As far as I know, I’m the only one who’s known you for that long.”</p>

      <p>“You’re right about that.”</p>

      <p>“I’m right...? Then who is it? There’s no point in even talking if there’s no one other than me. It’s not like there’s anyone else you could...be...attracted...to...”</p>

      <p>After having talked it through, Pollux finally hit upon the answer. She paled instantly before slowly but surely becoming redder and redder.</p>

      <p>“So you finally noticed?” Orm asked after a moment of silence. “You really are dense.”</p>

      <p>Pollux was unable to respond for a moment. “Huh? What? Me? Seriously, me?”</p>

      <p>The Fairy Princess and the Devil King locked eyes.</p>

      <p>Having been watching them from his position, Saturnus whispered, “Other people’s misfortune is like honey, but their fortune tastes like dirt. Hey, Mercurius, we’re drinking ourselves under again tonight.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll join you until we both go down.”</p>

      <p>That day, two new couples were born at the wedding. Or were they?</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Where are you, Miss Lufaaassss?!”</p>

      <p>A black shadow flitted through Maphaahl Tower. The shadow was Scorpius, checking everywhere she thought Lufas might have been.</p>

      <p>For some reason, Lufas had been missing since that morning. It wasn’t exactly a problem that she was gone for the day, and there was no one who could stop her from disappearing. The problem lay with Scorpius. <em>I need more Lufasium or I’ll die!</em> she thought, fairly serious.</p>

      <p>The last place she went was the King Crab Eatery Moon Branch on Maphaahl Tower’s first floor, having thoroughly searched the rest of the tower. There she found Aries, Taurus, Parthenos, Castor, Sagittarius, Leon, and Karkinos of the Thirteen Stars gathered round.</p>

      <p>“Hey, have any of you seen Miss Lufas?” Scorpius asked.</p>

      <p>“No, she hasn’t come this way,” Aries answered, munching on some crayfish that had been boiled with salt.</p>

      <p>There may have been those who wondered whether he should be eating crayfish, seeing as how Aries was a sheep, but he was also a monster. Their worries were unfounded.</p>

      <p>“Ah, just where did she go...? I haven’t seen her for an entire day... Could something have happened...?!”</p>

      <p>Scorpius lamented her situation in a grand, theatrical manner, which only caused Leon to get fed up and finally speak.</p>

      <p>“She can take care of herself for a day. Actually, didn’t she just leave because you’re so persistent and annoying?”</p>

      <p>There was basically no need to ever worry that anything had happened to Lufas as nothing existed that could harm her. Even if she ran straight into the sun, she would simply come out the other side just fine. Even germs and bacteria would be almost instantly killed the moment they entered her body. Taking things to extremes, basically the only thing that could kill her was her own life span. However, she could rewind time for herself at any point if she felt like it. In short, there was no need to worry.</p>

      <p>“What did you say?! That’s cheeky for someone who’s only the strongest at making us laugh!”</p>

      <p>“Huuuhh?!”</p>

      <p>“Oh my, did I touch a nerve? Sorry for speaking the truth!”</p>

      <p>“I’ll kill you!”</p>

      <p>As the two of them argued noisily, Aries simply watched them and thought, <em>Man, it’s peaceful... </em>While nibbling on some crayfish karaage, he looked out of the eatery on a whim and saw the spider demihuman Sargess, who used to travel with the hero Sei. He was with a lamia, a merman, and a dryad.</p>

      <p>“Sir Karkinos, here are the ingredients you’ve ordered,” Sargess said.</p>

      <p>“T H A N K S! Now I can expand my menu!”</p>

      <p>Sargess handed Karkinos a semitransparent ball so large it needed to be held in both hands. The inside was filled to the brim with extremely sweet, amber-colored nectar.</p>

      <p>“What is that, Karkinos?” Parthenos questioned.</p>

      <p>“It’s nectar made by syrup ants, a monster that mutates from ants. They mainly live in deserts, and their nectar is a delight. I’m currently researching a dessert to be marketed towards women using this,” Karkinos answered, happy.</p>

      <p>Now that the world was at peace, it was much easier to come by food than before. Karkinos had been hooked on inventing new dishes recently, spending every day examining the dishes that Lufas had brought from the other side. Over this past year, he had succeeded in copying—or rather, developing—many dishes, thus earning him the prestigious title of “the Cooking King.” It seemed that his eatery, the King Crab, would occupy the throne of the world’s best restaurant for a while.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, maybe we should order something too...”</p>

      <p>“Ah, then I want something sweet! This place is famous for its desserts, right?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll take anything with egg in it.”</p>

      <p>“I want shrimp.”</p>

      <p>The four demihumans seated themselves at a table and perused the menu. That was when Aigokeros dropped in dressed in priest’s clothing, strangely enough, and sat down.</p>

      <p>“Ah, welcome back, Aigokeros. How was the wedding ceremony?”</p>

      <p>“I really shouldn’t be doing things I’m not used to. I went because it was Miss Lufas’s order, but I’d rather not do that again,” he said.</p>

      <p>Aigokeros took off his outer layer before downing some booze that Karkinos had left in front of him.</p>

      <p>A demon dressing as a priest wouldn’t even make a good story. Seeing him like that, Castor let out a strained chuckle, but that only caused Aigokeros to throw a bomb at him.</p>

      <p>“Oh, by the way, Pollux and the Devil King seemed strange at the ceremony...” Aigokeros said, trailing off. “It was almost as if they were two youngsters who had just started dating. I do not quite understand that emotion, but it seems to me that something happened.”</p>

      <p>“Launch the <em>Argo</em>!” Castor shouted. “Heroic spirits, heed my call and follow after me! Now is the time for a holy war!”</p>

      <p>“Castor?!” Aries called out, surprised.</p>

      <p>Castor jumped out of his chair and ran outside with his weapon in hand. He was followed by a horde of heroic spirits who’d appeared from nowhere, and it wasn’t long before the <em>Argo</em> took flight. The fact that Fenix, Hydras, the three knights, and other strong heroic spirits were all there from the start spoke of how serious Castor was.</p>

      <p>Of course, the winner would be obvious.</p>

      <p>“I’ll put money on Castor getting beaten and returning in defeat,” said Scorpius.</p>

      <p>“Same here,” Taurus said.</p>

      <p>“This can’t even be considered a bet.”</p>

      <p>With no one willing to put money on Castor, the bet fizzled out. A short distance away from the moon, the fight had already started. Orm, who had assumed his ouroboros form, exchanged magic fire with the <em>Argo</em>. Though almost as soon as it had started, the <em>Argo</em> was easily shot down. Fights between two beings of appropriate might tended to only last several seconds.</p>

      <p>“Men are so stupid.”</p>

      <p>“They really are.”</p>

      <p>Scorpius and Parthenos both heaved a sigh and simultaneously downed their drinks.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>A year had passed since those dreamlike but undoubtedly real events. Minamijuuji Sei had turned eighteen and spent his days studying in order to fulfill his dreams of becoming a police officer. He wasn’t an officer yet though. He wasn’t even old enough to take the public servant employment examination he needed to be able to become one. However, he was rather well-known these days.</p>

      <p>During the course of the year, he’d ended up solving three cases that he happened to have stumbled upon, which was enough for him to be sent a letter of appreciation from the police.</p>

      <p>The first incident had happened when he was walking through town with his friend. A man was assaulting people on the street with a blade while screaming, so Sei stopped him.</p>

      <p>The second had happened at night while he was walking his dog. He happened upon a fire and saved a child and an elderly person who’d failed to escape.</p>

      <p>The third had happened when he went to the bank in order to withdraw some money. As if some higher power were waiting for just this moment, the bank was occupied by armed robbers, so he knocked them all out and handed them to the police.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t know if my luck is good or bad... I’m sure this is what people refer to as the devil’s luck.</em></p>

      <p>By some definitions, Minamijuuji Sei attracted trouble. There was no way the world would let his achievements go, and he was forced into giving interviews all while being lauded on television as a super high-schooler. There was even a high-ranking police officer who had given him a push, saying that he should become a policeman in the future.</p>

      <p>In any case, his year had been all but average. Given the attention he was getting at a young age, he was a prime target for adulation and applause. At the same time, he’d become a target of envy from his peers. There were those who thought he’d somehow cheated those results, but in the end, he was simply working under different conditions from everyone else.</p>

      <p>There was no need for him to fear the weapons of criminals, and they seemed to be standing still to him. Even though the fire he had jumped into had been hot, it hadn’t exactly been unbearable in the end. Sei had actually taken a bullet to the arm during the bank robbery, but all that resulted in was a bruise. All humans felt the need to protect themselves to some extent. However, Sei was the only one who could completely ignore all of that.</p>

      <p>When he charged into the fire to save the child, he was praised as a brave young man.</p>

      <p><em>That’s wrong</em>,<em> </em>he thought.<em> It just didn’t seem much like a threat compared to those fires in the other world that could scorch away the face of the planet.</em></p>

      <p>When he had faced down the bank robbers who had holed up with their guns by himself, he was lauded as a young man with a great sense of justice.</p>

      <p><em>That’s wrong</em>,<em> </em>he thought.<em> It’s just that guns only look like toys to me. It wasn’t like I threw caution to the wind in order to calm them down.</em></p>

      <p>“Something is...wrong,” Sei muttered to himself as he walked down the road in his street clothes, holding a shopping bag.</p>

      <p>He didn’t have school today, so he’d gone out shopping and was just returning. Since he lived with his mother, he always went out grocery shopping like this on days off, so she didn’t have to.</p>

      <p>Currently, he was worried about the power he’d gained in the other world.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t regret what I did. I’m glad I helped someone, I really am. But something is wrong. Was the future I wanted really supposed to be like this? This is basically like I’m the only one constantly up in some safe area as I do things. All my accomplishments are only because of the power I gained on the other side.</em></p>

      <p><em>So what if I didn’t have it? Would I have been able to do the same things without this power? Would I have been able to jump into a raging fire to save a child? Would I have been able to step in front of a bunch of criminals with guns? Aren’t I just a shameful person who’s cheating by using power he lucked into while feeling proud of it? </em></p>

      <p><em>I rejected Alovenus, but in the end, I’m still just taking advantage of this power. It’s only the scale that’s different. Isn’t that something I should be really ashamed of...?</em></p>

      <p>Sei paused. “I wonder what they would say?”</p>

      <p><em>Having power also means having responsibility. Power without responsibility is just a deadly weapon.</em></p>

      <p>On the other side, Sei had never thought much about this power he’d gained without much effort. After all, this much power was almost nothing over there. Compared to the likes of Lufas Maphaahl and Alovenus, Sei was basically just a villager. Both Lufas and Alovenus could have squashed him with barely a thought. That was why he hadn’t been able to gain an accurate grip on things and couldn’t understand the incredible power he’d returned with.</p>

      <p>Sei finally understood after returning, however, and with that understanding came the feeling that he was a huge cheater.</p>

      <p>“If it was her...”</p>

      <p>Sei thought of a certain pink-haired girl.</p>

      <p><em>I was young back then too. Well, that hasn’t actually changed. Now that I think back on it, I probably should have talked more about things. I ran away like I was trying to cut off any lingering attachments, but all I did was not say things that should have been said.</em></p>

      <p>Sei was constantly rolling a certain question around in his mind. <em>If she saw me like this, what would she say?</em></p>

      <p>“I think she’d say something like, ‘You’re worrying as much as always, aren’t you?’”</p>

      <p>At first, Sei thought he was hearing things. After all, there was no way he should be hearing that voice on Earth. <em>You’re just hearing things</em>, he told himself.<em> It’s just a convenient figment of your imagination. </em></p>

      <p>Despite thinking this, he couldn’t help but turn around. What he saw was just as he’d hoped... The girl he’d most wanted to see was standing there, still looking the same as when he’d left.</p>

      <p>Seeing Sei stunned, the girl in front of him spoke somehow bashfully, but also like a child who’d had her prank found out.</p>

      <p>“I wanted to see you, so I came.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>A small village existed on the outskirts of Laevateinn that should have been peaceful, but the world always had those who could not adapt to peace, scoundrels who enjoyed eating the weak. The three dirty, failed adventurers who stopped by the village were just such people. They were not strong, but they acted as such in front of those weaker than them, and this small village had no way to oppose them.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha! Hurry up and bring out yer food! All of it!”</p>

      <p>“And yer wimmen too! All the young’uns!”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha ha! I like this place! I think we’ll live here for a while. All of you better be grateful!”</p>

      <p>The men almost seemed to be straight out of a bad-guy mold, with mohawks and everything, but people this boilerplate were surprisingly few and far between. There were always fools who defied law and order and thought that acting tough was cool, no matter the era. These men were people who had taken this line of thinking to its logical conclusion and gone as low as they could.</p>

      <p>Things like this were not uncommon. If there was something rare about this, it would be that on this day, they were fatally unlucky.</p>

      <p>“Hey, you there. You all look like you’re having great fun. Wanna let me join in?”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>The men heard a young woman’s voice, but the moment they turned around, they fell. It was as if a sudden well of gravity had fallen from the heavens. They were completely unable to move.</p>

      <p>The men looked up while they lay on the ground and saw a crimson cloak flapping in the wind.</p>

      <p>“Agh. Seeing something disgusting on my way back from visiting my mother’s grave is just my luck. Hey, you lot...”</p>

      <p>Her almost-shining golden hair turned scarlet halfway down, and her face was almost too perfect. Her eyes were the same shade of fiery scarlet. What drew their eyes the most, though, were her pitch-black wings, the symbol of ill omen.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>