<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>As for her stats, Lufas tried looking at them but quickly realized it was pointless. Her stats screen did come up. It did. However, there was just a continuous string of nines, stretching all the way through this infinite space. Just a single glance was enough for Lufas to realize how useless it was trying to calculate Alovenus’s abilities. <em>For now, it should be enough to just think that she has stats so astronomically high you’d only ever see them in star charts.</em></p>

      <p>“I’m surprised. I never thought you’d be able to come here.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sure you didn’t.”</p>

      <p>Though Lufas acted calm, internally she was thinking that she was the one who was astounded. <em>I figured she’d be different... I thought I understood that she would be in a whole other dimension, but... </em>Her thoughts stalled momentarily. <em>Now that we’re here, I can only be in awe of how </em>huge<em> she is. So each one of those tiny black things in here—every single last one of them—is a universe? Now this is what you call inflation.</em> Finally, Lufas had reached the highest point.</p>

      <p>“Am I right in assuming the reason you’re here is to request a change to the script?”</p>

      <p>“If you know that much already, then this will be quick. Even if you say no, we’ll just force you to rewrite it.”</p>

      <p>In response, Alovenus asked if her script was really wrong. “Is it really that bad to have a common enemy for all humanity to rally against?”</p>

      <p>Of course the world might have seemed harsh to those living in it. Alovenus knew that much, at least. <em>However, that harshness is perfect. The pain is a good thing. Why? Because that’s what humanity actually needs.</em></p>

      <p>“Not even I would make the world like this on a sudden whim. At first, I thought that saving people and giving them everything they needed was the path to happiness.”</p>

      <p>Alovenus closed her eyes sadly as she spoke of the past. <em>Yes... I used to believe that continuing to save people, to give them what they desired, would bring about happiness. But I was wrong. If all you do is fulfill people, their sense of happiness and fulfillment will go numb. In a world with nothing but peace, people will be unable to recognize that peace for what it is.</em></p>

      <p>For example, pretend there was a cake that needed to be given to two children who were having a birthday. One was poor, so poor that they had never once celebrated their birthday and struggled to have enough to eat day-to-day. The other was wealthy, able to eat as much cake as they wanted, and for every birthday, that child received an extra large birthday cake. Imagine that both of these children received the same cake. Only one of them would feel great happiness. <em>What a delicious cake</em>,<em> </em>the first child would say.<em> This is the first time I’ve ever gotten a birthday cake! </em>However, the other one would express nothing but anger. <em>Are you kidding me? It’s my birthday! What’s up with this tiny cake?</em></p>

      <p>Isn’t it strange? Though they had been given a cake of the same size and flavor, the poor child would feel lucky while the rich child would feel unlucky.</p>

      <p>Why does something like this happen? Because of the average level of happiness. The poor child’s average level is low, so a small cake seems like the gift of a lifetime. Meanwhile, the rich child’s average level is high, and they no longer feel happiness over something like a small cake. For that child, happiness has become such a given thing that they are unable to recognize their good fortune. Yes, the happiness people feel is not on an empirical scale. It varies greatly depending on the surroundings and circumstances.</p>

      <p>“It’s no good to simply give people happiness. If all they experience is peace, they’ll just rot.”</p>

      <p>Back when Alovenus had done nothing but save people, the world was nothing short of a paradise. There was no starvation and no pain. Everything was dealt with by the Goddess, and not even the concept of a life span existed. Humanity was divorced from sickness and death, and they were able to receive anything they wanted. They were swaddled in the Goddess’s love in a world with no war and no wealth disparity. It truly was a divine Eden, one that idealists dreamt of but was impossible in reality, the picture of a golden age.</p>

      <p>Alovenus truly had once managed to realize what most people imagined heaven to be like. However, there was no limit to human greed. They took as much as they could, and the more she gave, the more their average level of happiness went up.</p>

      <p><em>It’s only natural to be given things. It’s only natural to be saved. </em>Once those thoughts took hold of people, their happiness became too commonplace, and they were unable to recognize their fortune. They simply accepted the Goddess’s gifts while being unable to feel joy, and if even the littlest thing did not go their way, they became unhappy. It was a world where no one had to do anything, because even if they didn’t, the Goddess would take care of it. They didn’t walk by themselves, because if they wished for it, the Goddess whisked them anywhere. They didn’t stand, because there was no need to. Neither would they lift things nor even eat on their own. They simply existed in this paradise with no hardship, and because everything was granted to them, they did nothing. Humans could just lie down on some soft patch of grass or even a bed gifted to them by the Goddess.</p>

      <p>Seeing humanity like that, Alovenus lamented everything. <em>No, this isn’t how things should be. This isn’t the world I wanted to make. I didn’t want to make people like this. Those people... They were trying their best to live in such a painful world. They tried their best, but even then, they weren’t saved. They were so pitiful that I wanted to save them myself. I just wanted to make those people happy, but this... This is just... Aren’t they just puppets?</em></p>

      <p>Alovenus didn’t understand. <em>I’m not wrong. I’ve been doing the right thing this entire time! But then, why...? Why has humanity degraded this much? Why are their hearts so frozen?</em></p>

      <p>At that point, she looked over at her original world in order to grab a breather. There, she saw something unbelievable—a single child struggling through poverty, feeling massively happy over eating a chunk of hard bread that couldn’t be described as delicious even out of pure flattery. Alovenus’s people would not even look at such food. They consumed much better bread as if it was their birthright, sometimes even throwing pieces away after just a single bite. However, none of those people felt happiness doing so. After all, it had all become natural to them.</p>

      <p>Citizens of countries at war felt happiness over only some small moments of peace. This was something completely foreign to the Goddess’s people. That sight was the most overwhelming to Alovenus.</p>

      <p>“It seems you’ve all gotten the wrong idea,” the Goddess said. “I don’t actually want to make people unhappy. In fact, it’s the opposite... I am trying to lead them to happiness. I <em>want</em> them to be happy.”</p>

      <p><em>I was wrong. </em>Alovenus had realized her mistake, and she understood that what humanity needed was not peace and pure happiness. <em>Ah, right. It’s so obvious. Sugar is sweet, but anybody would come to hate sugar if they had candy covered in it every day. It’s so delectable because of its scarcity. Sweet things taste best after eating something spicy, but if someone has only ever eaten sweet things, then they probably don’t even think that they’re sweet anymore. Happiness is just like that. There needs to be a difference for people to feel it. If someone is experiencing rock bottom, then even the smallest things will fill them with happiness. </em></p>

      <p><em>I can make people happy! At the very least, I can make things much better than this rotten paradise. They think nothing, do nothing; they only sit still and wait for things to be given to them. How is that happiness? How is that human? People are human because they stand up to adversity and advance on their own feet. That is what makes humanity beautiful. Yes. It is people I want to make happy, not puppets.</em></p>

      <p>“That can’t be... So you are saying that everything you have forced onto the world was done for the sake of humanity, Goddess?!” Orm, who’d had the longest relationship with the Goddess out of those there, raised his voice in anger. “That this was all done with goodwill instead of malice...? That you only released such misfortune into the world in order to make humanity happy?! Such a reason was why I was forced onto the path of a jester for so long?!”</p>

      <p><em>This isn’t funny... What the hell?! I don’t intend to play the victim here. I lent a hand to the Goddess’s script, after all, and I made many suffer. I won’t cover that up. But that reason... To think it was for such a ridiculous reason! Pollux’s tears and all the lives of the heroes I’d killed were all for this...?</em></p>

      <p>Orm was silent for some time. “This... All those people I killed...! I... I... All those noble lives, just for this? Their futures, I...”</p>

      <p>“You should not grieve, Ouroboros of the Moon. They were happy. It was a lie, but the fact that they were able to exchange their lives for peace undoubtedly gave them serenity and fulfillment.”</p>

      <p>“STOP FUCKING WITH MEEEEEE!”</p>

      <p>Orm flew into a rage, swinging at Alovenus.</p>

      <p>This happened precisely because he’d continued killing so many for so long. All their futures, their happy moments, had been stolen by him for such a worthless reason. More than anyone else, the one Orm couldn’t forgive the most was himself; he’d never even asked the Goddess why he was doing such things.</p>

      <p>Now, he’d broken through the limits of his level, and Orm swung his fist at the Goddess with newfound strength that was enough to destroy clusters of galaxies at once. His fist surpassed the speed of light, and its destructive power was impossible to calculate. At this point, it would be downplaying the level of his attack to simply call it a “blow”; it was the very concept of pure destruction made manifest.</p>

      <p>Such an attack headed for the Goddess, but it seemed far too easy for her to stop, as she simply deployed an invisible wall.</p>

      <p>“You are currently wracked by grief, Ouroboros of the Moon. You are tortured by the weight of your sins...” the Goddess said, pausing. “But worry not. If you are suffering, that means you cannot go lower. From here on out, you can become happy. Now, rejoice!”</p>

      <p>“YOOOOOOUUUU...!”</p>

      <p>“I will never abandon my subjects. I wish for people’s happiness from the bottom of my heart, so...”</p>

      <p>Alovenus smiled and held her hand towards Orm.</p>

      <p>Lufas and Benetnasch reacted simultaneously, launching spells from their palms. However, the three of them were all transported to some sort of space right next to a group of stars several thousands of times bigger than the Sun.</p>

      <p>“For tomorrow’s happiness that will surely come. Fall to despair, world!”</p>

      <p>It was a hypernova. Explosions large enough to engulf the entire universe in flame occurred one after the other, with the three of them at the epicenter.</p>

      <h1>6</h1>

      <p>After passing through the Exgate, the Ark arrived in orbit behind the moon. Aigokeros had destroyed the moon, but this was a different one, the moon of another world—that of Earth.</p>

      <p>While watching the blue planet from inside the Ark, Virgo leaked out a sound that was neither admiration nor joy.</p>

      <p>“So all that’s left is to believe and wait, huh? To think we’d be considered too weak for the finale,” Castor muttered to himself self-deprecatingly as he clenched his fists.</p>

      <p>The frustration he felt was shared amongst all the members of the Twelve Heavenly Stars who had been left behind, as well as Terra. They had planned to fight their way through, no matter what battles they were faced with. They would have even been fine with dying. However, this battle was now at a level where they were unable to even stand on the battlefield, so they had been forced to sit and wait. Leon was probably twice as frustrated as the others, since he had always been so proud of his strength.</p>

      <p>“Dina, how do you think this fight is going to go?” Libra asked, attracting everyone’s gazes. “You are the only one who truly knows how powerful the Goddess is.”</p>

      <p>The only one here who truly knew the Goddess was her avatar, Dina, and though she seemed uncomfortable, Dina still relayed what she knew.</p>

      <p>“If... If I were to try to write down the Goddess’s stats here and now, there would be a swath of small nines stretching off to the end of space until it wrapped back around here. That is how unmeasurable her power is.”</p>

      <p>“Meaning?”</p>

      <p>“Normally, it would be utterly impossible to win. That is why she is a god,” Dina declared.</p>

      <p>Scorpius grabbed her collar with enough strength to strangle Dina, but Libra quickly stepped in to free her.</p>

      <p>“Don’t you dare! There’s no way Miss Lufas will lose!”</p>

      <p>“That was why I said ‘normally,’ meaning the methods that Miss Lufas used were not normal,” Dina muttered after a moment, as she fixed her collar.</p>

      <p>Scorpius could not be reasoned with while she was worked up, so Libra handed her over to Leon, who restrained Scorpius, a reluctant look on his face.</p>

      <p>“She took in the power of the universe, which was the Goddess’s spell, allowing her to reach the same place as the Goddess... That was the plan that we thought of. The Goddess does not have any weaknesses or easily understood methods of beating her. There isn’t even any well-crafted gimmick to allow her to be defeated... The only way is to forcefully and crudely overpower her.”</p>

      <p>How much better would things have been if there was an easily understood weak point, like some sort of object that would greatly weaken the Goddess if destroyed? Or a convenient item that would suppress her abilities? Or some sort of skill that would be very effective at specifically killing the Goddess for some reason? Or a sword that was hilariously super-effective on the Goddess? If there was anything like that, their chances of winning would have gone up an untold amount, but there wasn’t. None of those existed.</p>

      <p>The Goddess was not completely flawless. She was, in fact, somewhat dim-witted and full of openings. It was not hard to trick her. However, that did not stop her from being the absolute strongest, a being standing above all others who was so strong that any weaknesses like those were insignificant in comparison.</p>

      <p>“Th-Then Miss Lufas can win!” Aries piped up hopefully.</p>

      <p>Dina delivered the merciless truth after a moment of silence. “Assuming everything goes well, I would say that her chances of winning are about one in a thousand.”</p>

      <p>The Goddess was not that easily beaten. That was exactly why Lufas had been able to create bugs in the system, become the world’s bug herself, and forcefully bust through it in order to grab the right to challenge the Goddess. However, obtaining that right did not mean victory. Lufas would learn the true fear of divinity after coming to stand on the field of battle against the divine.</p>

      <p>“Even then, I believe. She has always surpassed my expectations, so the best I can do is welcome her back when she returns.”</p>

      <p><em>And if Lufas loses, I can follow after her.</em></p>

      <p>It was with that level of determination that Dina had fought on by her lonesome for two hundred years, doing everything she could. She’d passed the baton already, so there was nothing left to do but wait for Lufas’s victory, with everything on the line.</p>

      <p><em>If she loses, then I will go down with her. That’s not a problem. I wished for all of that; it’s something I’ve accepted on my own. Even if I am unable to accompany her, my fate is tied to Lufas’s.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Blow it away, Scales of Selection. Brachium!”</p>

      <p>Lufas intercepted the explosive flames of the hypernova with a destructive torrent of light. At this point, the very concept of time no longer existed, so Brachium’s once-per-day limit could basically be ignored. Lufas had set not only the galaxy but the entire galactic cluster as the target of her swirling destructive light.</p>

      <p>If the enemy was going to destroy stars as an attack, then all she needed to do was wipe out all the stars in the area. An eye for an eye and brute force for brute force. Lufas had no intention of doing something so boring as to use giant-killing tricks. This was a fight with the fate of the world on the line, a fight of pure destruction versus pure destruction. They would find out who was on top and force the other to obey.</p>

      <p>There was only one strategy for Lufas to take. In fact, it wasn’t even a strategy. Beat them head-on! That was the only way.</p>

      <p>When Lufas canceled out Alovenus’s attack, Benetnasch and Orm both launched themselves forward, pummeling the Goddess with a string of blows. Their speed was already infinite, and because their attacks landed the instant they were launched, there was no evasion. However, they were stopped by an invisible wall in front of the Goddess.</p>

      <p><em>As if I care. It’s too much work to think of a way around it. There wouldn’t be any weak points anyway. There’s no point in even thinking about it. The only way is to push straight through.</em> Their only choice was to destroy it head-on. Why would there be any other solution in this ultimate battle?</p>

      <p>“HAAAAAAAGGGHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>“OOOOAAARRRGGGGHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch and Orm’s attacks rained down forcefully on the invisible wall. These attacks, which surpassed the speed of light, had also attained infinite mass, so these shock waves shook space itself. However, that didn’t matter. At this point, neither side cared about incidental casualties.</p>

      <p>Orm transformed into a dragon and unleashed a beam. It hit. The torrent of light raged onwards, instantly reaching the ends of space and extinguishing all the stars, planets, and even galaxies in its path. However, the Goddess was unscathed. There wasn’t even a scratch.</p>

      <p>“Maiden Who Shoots a Silver Arrow!”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch unleashed the most powerful Moon element spell, and a silver arrow surged towards the Goddess. The sheer size of it was awe-inspiring. The arrow was larger than entire planets, and it barreled towards the Goddess. Just having the arrow pass nearby caused countless entire galaxies to disappear, but it never reached the Goddess. A smile still on her face, the Goddess had stopped the arrow with nothing but a single finger, and a single breath erased it as if she were blowing out a candle.</p>

      <p>Lufas raised her hands, activating the strongest secret art of alchemy in exchange for most of the universe.</p>

      <p>“Come, you who destroys the source... Transmute! Sneering Slaughterer!”</p>

      <p>What manifested from beyond the void was a black dragon so large that calling it gigantic didn’t even come close to cutting it. Compared to the sheer scale of its body, even the ouroboroses were like microbes. Its undulating body seemed large enough to be able to swallow this universe in its entirety. Its glare alone caused stars to turn to dust, and a single breath could blow away multitudes of galaxies. It came from the core of the universe, a monster among monsters said to be forever eating the world tree.</p>

      <p>Now it faced the Goddess, raising a roar that reverberated through the vastness of space.</p>

      <p>“RROOOOOOOAAAAAARRRR!!!”</p>

      <p>This roar alone caused cracks to appear in the universe, and the remaining few celestial bodies were all broken down to particles and destroyed. The dragon was so big it exhibited its own form of supergravity, and just its presence warped space destructively. It was a true calamity; the mere fact that it existed put the universe in danger. It was a beast of pure ruin.</p>

      <p>However, Alovenus just giggled when she saw it.</p>

      <p>“How cute.”</p>

      <p>With a light smack, it was deleted.</p>

      <p>The end of such a monster was disappointing and far too short. Its overbearing presence vanished as if it had never existed at all; Lufas’s biggest skill had been dealt with as if it were trash. Seeing this, even Lufas was struck mute for a moment.</p>

      <p>“Hee hee. You really are strong...” the Goddess said, pausing. “But something like that loses all meaning if I raise it up a stage.”</p>

      <p>Trying to hold a conversation while moving at a speed faster than light, causing everything to freeze, was a strange thing. Sound itself was basically frozen as well at this point, after all. However, one of the participants was the Goddess, who could bend anything and everything to her will. Therefore, bending laws like this was no problem for her, allowing such a paradox to act as if it weren’t one at all.</p>

      <p>Speaking in the middle of the vacuum of space was strange in the first place. Common sense did not apply here. Rather, at this point, not even a shred of common sense existed anymore.</p>

      <p>Everything from this point on was and would be supernatural. However, there was still one thing that would be unchanged: the stronger one would prevail. Only this undeniable rule would never change, no matter where or when.</p>

      <p>“Tch! Burn her to cinders, god-killing flame. Hamal!”</p>

      <p>Lufas spewed Aries’s fire from her palm, which halved the target’s HP. It didn’t matter how big the number was, it would all be treated the same with this skill. It didn’t matter how large, immeasurable, or unimaginably incalculable the number was; it would be halved.</p>

      <p>From there, Lufas also activated Ex-Coalesce, combining the fire with Aigokeros’s Deneb Algedi to make the damage unrecoverable. The resultant black flames that would burn away gods swallowed Alovenus, but she was unmoved.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh. I added another ten digits to my HP when I was hit, so your flames barely did anything to me,” said Alovenus.</p>

      <p>“Quick Raid!”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch jumped in from the side, twirling to gain speed and unleashing a flurry of attacks. <em>Faster, faster, faster! I’m already on the far end of infinity in terms of speed. There isn’t anything higher. But I don’t care! If what I’m doing isn’t working, then I just have to keep breaking limits! Surpass infinity to an even further infinity! I’ll keep busting through these walls, surpassing my past self! That’s the only solution!</em></p>

      <p>“There is no limit to the strength that people can imagine,” said Alovenus. “For example, take two different stories, and compare the strength of their two main characters. The character from the first story is strong enough to destroy the universe, but the character from the second story says that a universe is just a small cell in a part of an even larger megaverse.”</p>

      <p>As Alovenus spoke, the universe started to shrink. It got smaller and smaller, and eventually, it was as small as it could get, small enough for Lufas and the other two to see the entirety of the universe at once. They were being shown that the universe was but a microcosm of something larger. Beyond that, there was an even larger space.</p>

      <p>Unwilling to listen to the Goddess’s leisurely lecture, Lufas threw out an attack overlaid with Scorpius’s skill, a poison that would never disappear, while Orm used his breath attack. However, the Goddess didn’t stop.</p>

      <p>“But this is where a third story comes in, and they claim that even the second story’s universe is but a small cell of an even bigger one.”</p>

      <p>Once again, the universe shrunk. Thus, she once again showed them the sheer scale of things, where two nested universes were once again nested in a larger one.</p>

      <p>“Even if there was someone labeled as the strongest among these characters in a setting this overwhelming, things would be flipped upside down by nothing but one word from the author, or in other words, God. That being that there was an even stronger character able to defeat the first character with but one punch. Just like that, another powerhouse would appear. Then that fourth powerhouse gets treated like a child by a fifth, who is then unable to react to the speed at which a sixth fights. Then the sixth character gets killed a hundred times over by a single forehead flick from a seventh, who can’t even lift a finger against an eighth, who equals a ninth in strength. Then, even if there were a hundred of the ninth character they would get trampled over by a tenth, who can be erased in a single breath by an eleventh... Hee hee hee. Doesn’t that sound rather common in fiction?”</p>

      <p>Light gathered in Alovenus’s hand. It was no normal light; it contained countless universes and held the power to destroy hundreds, thousands, or even billions of worlds. This was the dimension of gods; the scale of it all was just different.</p>

      <p>“This is all just the product of childish arguments,” Alovenus continued. “I’m sure your avatar did it as well when he was young, Lufas. Imagine two young children. One pretends to attack with some sort of awesome beam, but the other defends against it with an equally awesome barrier. Then the first child claims that their beam can easily break through any barrier, causing the second child to insist that their barrier is an invincible one still capable of blocking it. That just causes the child on the offensive to get angry and stubborn, and they continue to selfishly insist that their beam can break the barrier, no matter how invincible it is. Then, the second child tries to insist that their barrier will never break, no matter what... There is no end to this.”</p>

      <p>Alovenus giggled again, showing her absolute confidence in her victory, her power. <em>I cannot lose. There’s no reason I would. Even if there were, I could just go above it. I can make as many settings where I am the strongest as I please. Reason is nothing. Providence is nothing.</em></p>

      <p>“I’ll start by telling you this: my power is endless. I can layer setting upon setting. For example, even if you all managed to obtain some sort of ability or power to defeat me, I would be able to answer it by saying, ‘Those abilities and powers will not work on me. I am strong enough to defeat you all with a single one of my fingers.’ Do you think it childish? Well, that’s because it is. I won’t deny it. But things like this are far more powerful than pretentious, unmoving settings that go on forever.”</p>

      <p>Alovenus’s power spiked, causing a universe-sized explosion. Lufas and the other two defended against it with all their might, either erasing the explosion or absorbing it as their own power.</p>

      <p>However, that was when Alovenus flew at them, flinging the three of them away at the same time. They all quickly regained their footing and went on the offensive, but their attacks were easily evaded. These were attacks that should have left behind the process of having to hit, because they came with infinite speed.</p>

      <p>“Infinite speed? Yes, that’s amazing. So I’ll respond with, ‘To me, infinite speed is the same as one speed. I am still a hundred times faster,’” said the Goddess. “If you boast infinite attack strength, then I’ll respond, ‘There is another infinity behind that, which makes your infinity look like a one.’ If you manage to surpass that, then I will just add another layer on top. If you continue to get stronger infinitely, then I will just get stronger at a thousand times that speed.”</p>

      <p>“Now, what will you do next?” she continued. “Use some sort of instant death power where you just have to look at the target? Use an ability to steal your opponent’s powers? Make use of some sort of special attribute that always makes you stronger than your opponent? Turn back time altogether and make it so this never happened? Use some amazing power to go to a higher world in order to rip up your opponent’s settings? Activate something that will nullify all abilities? Erect an invincible barrier that will reflect any and every attack at twice the strength? Manipulate the very concept of victory in order to make yourself always win, ignoring everything else? Cheat and implant the concept of defeat onto your opponent so that they will always lose? Make use of a pure and simple power that will pierce through everything to always kill the target? I don’t care what you do. Please, come at me until you’re satisfied. None of it will do anything, anyway.”</p>

      <p>Alovenus declared that all forms of resistance were futile as she scornfully laughed.</p>

      <p>Then, a big bang erupted with her as the epicenter. It didn’t just happen once. Over and over, universes were born violently enough to one-sidedly erase everything before them. More universes were born outside of those universes, and more outside of those. This was repeated maybe a hundred times. At that point, Lufas and her two companions were so small they seemed like insignificant garbage before Alovenus trashed all the newly born universes at once.</p>

      <p>“Apocalypse Times One Hundred.”</p>

      <p>Countless worlds were simultaneously destroyed.</p>

      <p>The scale of everything was so big that this basically did nothing. Alovenus herself most likely wasn’t thinking too deeply about things. Her power was so overwhelming that everything up until now seemed like child’s play. This was why she was said to be omniscient and omnipotent. Of course, she was neither.</p>

      <p>However, Alovenus did possess enough simplistic strength to kill anyone who was. She was incredibly immature, incredibly childish—but that was what made her the strongest.</p>

      <p>Facing that threat, Lufas and the others were forced into an unimaginably hard fight.</p>

      <h1>7</h1>

      <p>After Alovenus went on the attack, Lufas and her group were forced into a purely defensive battle. However, no defenses worked, and their healing couldn’t keep up. Any attack they launched was meaningless, and as hard as they might try to use their skills, they were all nullified. Lufas’s group had powered up a phenomenal amount since the start of the battle, but even then, they couldn’t manage. Alovenus was just too ridiculous.</p>

      <p>Alovenus spawned a universe outside the universe and another universe beyond that. Each universe was but a single cell of another one, which was in turn just another cell. After a dizzying hundred repetitions of this, a supergiant universe was born.</p>

      <p>All of this was used by Alovenus as a consumable bomb. After starting a hundred big bangs, she destroyed it all with a big crunch. It was just way too much—way, way too much.</p>

      <p>The scale of the fight was now so inflated it was becoming stale. What she was doing was just like selfish children arguing, saying, “Mine is way better than yours!” She was just making things bigger for the sake of it. She was using this childish non-logic as a brute-force response to everything, blowing all her problems away. All powers, speed, skills, everything was meaningless in front of what she was doing.</p>

      <p>However, Lufas laughed in the midst of this rough situation. <em>I see. She certainly is the strongest. She’s incredible, but Alovenus is wrong about one thing</em>. O<em>ne simple, silly thing</em>—<em>but that thing will prove to be the most important truth here.</em></p>

      <p><em>She doesn’t know that I too am a childish sore loser!</em></p>

      <p>“Alovenus...” Lufas said, trailing off.</p>

      <p>“Hmm? What is it? Are you conceding already?”</p>

      <p>“No, no. You were just going on for so long about your strength, so allow me to answer that with something of my own.”</p>

      <p>The corners of Lufas’s mouth lifted upwards in a fierce smile.</p>

      <p><em>She’s working on a much larger scale, but we’re both standing on the same stage. We’re both fighting as gods who have surpassed their worlds. </em></p>

      <p><em>Then... Right. This is all just a competition of will. It’s because I keep thinking useless thoughts like, “I’m at the limit of my strength,” or wondering how strong I really am, that I get caught up like this. What’s important here is just forcing things to be the way I like it. There doesn’t need to be any reason or logic behind that. Those are just useless.</em></p>

      <p>“You may be strong, but I’m stronger!”</p>

      <p>As she spoke, Lufas’s power soared, surpassing the setting that Alovenus had laid down.</p>

      <p><em>Supergiant universe? Who the hell cares. Infinite stats? That doesn’t matter. You can overwrite anything? So what? “I am stronger than all of that.” This simple line will counter everything.</em></p>

      <p><em>Oddly enough, Alovenus was right. At this level, the concept of strength no longer exists. Concepts, providence, laws, and limits</em>—<em>all of these are decided by gods, so it follows that none of them exist in their dominion. We would have had to create them on our own.</em></p>

      <p><em>What I have to do is paint over this pure-white canvas of a space and insist that I’m right. Alovenus could do it, so we can do it too! We came from the world that Alovenus made, after all, so normal laws don’t apply to us! Now that I think about it, that’s probably why the laws of physics didn’t apply to us at all. Of course we would be able to do things that would normally be unthinkable. We inherited Alovenus’s power.</em></p>

      <p><em>There’s no doubt that Alovenus is the strongest. That’s why the only thing that can defeat her is her own power. So from now on, it’s a match of will and strength, one where the opponent says they’re strong, and I say I’m stronger. This will just be a childish argument where we repeat that over and over. This is God’s territory, so I can do it. I can do anything!</em></p>

      <p>Lufas’s stats instantly switched to display infinity signs in every slot, and then those infinity signs started multiplying endlessly.</p>

      <p>At this rate, simple physical force would solve everything. Lufas’s existence itself caused the supergiant universe currently around them to shatter into particles and disappear.</p>

      <p>Lufas punched.</p>

      <p>Pure, distilled violence assaulted Alovenus, and the invisible wall protecting her broke, and she was sent flying. It was a Powerful Punch That Can Shatter Any Barrier that broke Alovenus’s Amazing Barrier That Can Block Any Attack. The wind pressure from her attack continued onwards seemingly forever, destroying everything in front of it and even claiming one of Alovenus’s arms.</p>

      <p>“Ah, as I thought. You really have risen up to my level. Yes, I did faintly notice that things might turn out like this.”</p>

      <p>Alovenus instantly undid the damage to herself with a smile that made it seem like she was crying and laughing at the same time.</p>

      <p><em>I never thought anyone would be able to reach here. I thought that no one would ever stand equal with me. I figured that all I’d ever do is play with puppets, moving small people as I pleased, and that I would be alone here forever. So... Why? Why was someone who was only supposed to be a puppet able to come this far?</em></p>

      <p>“Seriously, nothing ever goes my way. I wanted to make thoughtless puppets, but they turned out the exact opposite. Nothing ever happens the way I plan it. You’re all completely right. I’m just a deity who can’t do anything right.”</p>

      <p>“Are you sure?” Lufas questioned.</p>

      <p>Alovenus couldn’t respond.</p>

      <p>“Are you really sure that you never did anything right?” Lufas asked, certain of the answer.</p>

      <p>Alovenus’s expression froze.</p>

      <p>There was something that Lufas had always wondered. <em>Is Alovenus really just the careless, unthinking Goddess that we assume she is? </em>She was too careless, too immature, too thoughtless. Thanks to that, Lufas and her group had been able to carry out their plan properly and deceive Alovenus.</p>

      <p><em>But maybe that was all because some part of her wanted this?</em></p>

      <p>“That’s not it. Your wish isn’t something like that. What reason is there to use such roundabout methods to try and make me a puppet? No matter whom you ask, they’d say you made a mistake. What you actually want is the opposite, Alovenus. Your ability to force everything to be the way you want it, and the fact that you are alone, isolated by your power, causes you pain. You can’t grasp a sense of reality. You don’t feel alive. To you, there is only one true person alive in this place. It’s as if you’ve shut yourself up in a room, playing with dolls by yourself while being hounded by a sense of loneliness. That’s why you wanted someone to notice you and rise up against you. You wanted me to exist.”</p>

      <p>Alovenus felt as if something had stabbed her in the chest. However, that was just a feeling; nothing had actually stabbed her. In the first place, she was immortal. She’d created a setting where she couldn’t be killed by anything. Even if she was struck by some supposedly god-killing weapon, she would be left without a scratch. She wouldn’t even feel any pain. <em>So then... What is this pain? Why...do I feel so fulfilled?</em></p>

      <p>“You wanted someone who wouldn’t move just as you wanted them to, right? You wanted something to leave your hands and move on their own, didn’t you? You didn’t want to be omnipotent. You wanted at least one thing that your power could not do anything about. You wanted someone at your side who would not simply move as you wanted.” Lufas paused. “Well, be happy, Alovenus. Your dreams have come true. The despicable demon of your dreams who will oppose you is right here. The one you’ve always wished for is in front of your very eyes.”</p>

      <p>“Ahhh...” When she finally made a sound, Alovenus’s voice was shaky, and she covered her face in her hands.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, that’s right. I remember now. This pain; this feeling. It’s been such a long time since I’ve felt this. I’ve forgotten what it was like. How many millions or billions of years has it been...? Maybe tens of billions? I’ve forgotten.</em></p>

      <p><em>This is... Right. It’s delight.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’ve been lonely. Ever since I was born, I was far too different from others, and I was completely separated from any and all laws. I was unable to stand on the same ground as others. While everyone else does their best just to live, I am the only one not truly alive. That was why I wanted to save them. I wanted to bring them all up as close to my level as possible.</em></p>

      <p>That was what she truly wanted, but the height she wanted to bring people up to was just too great. When she had become a god, that distance only became worse, and her ever-increasing power drove her further and further into loneliness.</p>

      <p>Though there were others who could speak and communicate their will, she herself was unable to join them. It was as if she were looking at characters displayed on the other side of a monitor, and when she tore her eyes away, she was reminded that there was no one there but her.</p>

      <p>She was jealous of those small people. That was why she at least wanted to be involved in their stories, and she attempted to influence the world with a script. Desiring the satisfaction that came from granting their happiness, she continued a cycle of mistaken salvation.</p>

      <p>However, all of it was just an act of consolation. None of it filled her heart. In truth, she’d always wanted someone who would stand right in front of her and defy her, just like what was happening right now. <em>So that was the reason I ended up placing the forbidden fruit tree in a location they could reach, even though I’d told them so many times that picking the fruit was forbidden. </em></p>

      <p><em>Yeah, it’s obvious to me now. I never wanted faithful puppets. I wanted someone who would walk on their own, think on their own, and show that they were their own person, even if they had to betray me... I wanted someone to chase after me</em>—<em>me, who became too strong and climbed so high that I could never go back</em>—<em>no matter what methods they had to choose.</em></p>

      <p><em>I wanted someone to tell me that I wasn’t alone...</em></p>

      <p>“Come, poor girl who’s been trapped in a prison by the name of omnipotence,” said Lufas. “You no longer have to save anyone. It’s your turn to be saved by me.”</p>

      <p>For a moment, Alovenus was quiet, then she started laughing. “A... Ah ha ha... Ah ha ha ha ha...”</p>

      <p>Laughter could be heard from Alovenus, even though her hands were still covering her face. Though it sounded like laughter, it also resembled crying... It was probably the first time in her life she’d ever had a happy cry.</p>

      <p>“AH HA HA HA HA HA HA! AAAAH HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!!!”</p>

      <p>Eventually, the Goddess lost control of her emotions, and she descended into a long bout of uncontrollable laughter that echoed through space and time. Just the sound of her laughter was able to put cracks in space-time as well. A parallel world somewhere was totally destroyed along with the dinosaurs in it, who were unaware of the reason for their death. A spacefaring civilization that had sprouted from Earth in a different timeline and had even waged interstellar wars was erased with no recourse. The very concept of time was ripped out by its roots, causing Dina and the others, who were awaiting Lufas’s return, to stop in their tracks. The aftereffects of the Goddess’s laughter alone had erased half of the universes connected to the Endpoint.</p>

      <p>Eventually, the Goddess removed her hands from her face and spoke, seeming to have calmed down. “Hee hee hee... That’s some talk. Are you sure you can do it? It may sound like boasting, but my temper is a bit...extradimensional.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind.”</p>

      <p>Lufas beckoned Alovenus, prompting Benetnasch, who had been waiting for the conversation to end, to heave an exasperated sigh. Orm let out some strained laughter himself, and the two of them looked at each other and nodded.</p>

      <p>“This is it for us then. You can take care of this spoiled child by yourself,” said Benet.</p>

      <p>“I’d like to say that I feel I could handle the Goddess too...” Orm said, pausing. “But it seems to me that things are reaching a point where we cannot keep up. I’ll leave the rest to you.”</p>

      <p>From here on out, the fight would take place in a realm for gods who could make everything go exactly how they pleased.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch and Orm had already been fighting in this Endpoint at a level normal people would consider godlike, and they were holding their own. However, they had realized something after that laugh. The fight up until now—with those big bangs and big crunches and whatnot—had been fought with the Goddess still holding back greatly. She might not have even considered it fighting. From here on out, things would be even harder. The combatants would climb to the summit of infinity, piling infinity after infinity upon each other. It would be a fight without any upper limits.</p>

      <p>However, while Benetnasch might attempt to keep up for Lufas, she couldn’t work up that much fighting spirit against the Goddess. She knew she would always end up slowing down. In a similar fashion, Orm was unable to believe that he was the absolute strongest, well, <em>strongly</em> enough. He knew he would always end up paying attention to any inconsistencies and contradictions, causing shadows of doubt to sprout. He would unmistakably end up dropping out in the middle, and that could not be allowed.</p>

      <p>What was needed to win this fight was a selfishness that would not be outdone. They needed to absolutely hate losing. Only those who could truly believe they were the absolute strongest without a shadow of a doubt could stand against the Goddess. That was why, from here on out, only Lufas and Alovenus would take to the battlefield.</p>

      <p>Honestly, Benetnasch and Orm were frustrated. They didn’t want to be left behind. However, they realized that they would be in the way, so they couldn’t, in good conscience, attempt to stop Alovenus.</p>

      <p>“I’m bored. I’ll be going home first, so I’ll be waiting for you.”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch tried to hide her frustration with harsh words as she patted Lufas on the shoulder. When she did so, she transferred all the mana, or experience, she had within her to Lufas. With that, Benetnasch lost the right to stay in this place and was flung back to where she had come from.</p>

      <p>“Sorry about not being able to fight with you to the end,” said Orm.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it.”</p>

      <p>Orm also transferred all the mana he carried to Lufas before disappearing.</p>

      <p>Aigokeros and Pisces said their farewells to their lord and master before disappearing to return to their homeworld.</p>

      <p>Now there were only two people left: Lufas and Alovenus. From here on out, it would be a clash of wills to decide who was stronger, so it had to be one-on-one.</p>

      <p><em>If we were to fight three-on-one, Alovenus probably wouldn’t accept the result. It’d give her wiggle room to make an excuse. That can’t be allowed. She has to completely accept her loss, or this lonely Goddess will never stop.</em></p>

      <p>“Now then, Alovenus. We’re finally alone. No need to hold back...” Lufas paused. “Come at me!”</p>

      <p>“Yes... Let’s start this thing!”</p>

      <p>Lufas and Alovenus both raised their hands, unleashing manifestations of pure destruction that had no name. There was no more need for skill names. Thinking of them was too much work.</p>

      <p>Both combatants wielded infinite power, so they each one-upped their opponent’s infinite power, going ever more infinite as the fight went on. Small attacks, like big bangs and big crunches, were no longer used. They would be useless, after all. With no need for skill names, they clashed with the purest expressions of power.</p>

      <p><em>I’m strong</em>, thought one.</p>

      <p><em>I’m stronger</em>, thought the other.</p>

      <p><em>Then I’m even stronger than that</em>, thought the first.</p>

      <p>Lufas continued to get ever faster, continuing to double the speed of light to increase the definition of speed itself without end. However, Alovenus accelerated at a pace that left such definitions behind in the dust. The next moment, Lufas did the same thing back to Alovenus.</p>

      <p>If Lufas threw a punch with impossible power behind it, Alovenus would double up on it and punch back, which prompted Lufas to add on another stack and return the favor. If one of them were to state that the other’s infinity was just a one to them, then the other would just come back with an even higher level. The two of them used each other as footstools, trying to set themselves as the absolute powerhouse in the fight.</p>

      <p>As this exchange of attack and defense went on, the two of them paid no heed to the heights they were reaching. They weren’t interested.</p>

      <p>Another universe was layered on top of the original. Then another was layered on top, then another, then another, then another, and then another. Universes were surpassed and became multiverses, which were then also surpassed. Multi-multiverses were then leapt over until Alovenus surpassed everything that could be perceived!</p>

      <p>None of that mattered. At this point, there would be no end to this pattern.</p>

      <p>Either way, it was all basically worthless if it didn’t leave a lasting effect on the opponent.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh heh... Ah ha ha ha ha ha ha!”</p>

      <p>Alovenus let out an innocent, childlike laugh before immediately throwing out a nasty, ruthless attack.</p>

      <p><em>The ability to kill anything, piercing through all resistances as long as the attack is in the same space as its target. The ability to reflect any and all attacks. The ability to turn back time, invalidating something’s very existence. The ability to always make me win, no matter what. The ability to bestow defeat upon the opponent. The ability to delete anything just by its being in my vision. The ability to cancel out all other abilities.</em></p>

      <p><em>I destroyed the concept of attacking and sealed off all attacks, and then I did the same for defending as well. Not to mention all of the abilities of countless gods from myths. Even abilities that came straight out of fictitious works. I’ve used everything I can think of, and still, Lufas hasn’t disappeared. She hasn’t stopped.</em></p>

      <p><em>This is so fun!</em></p>

      <p>“That’s right... Enjoy it as much as you can, Alovenus. I’ll take everything you can throw at me.”</p>

      <p>Lufas smiled as if she were looking at something cute and lovable, but all the attacks that were being thrown at her were pure overkill.</p>

      <p><em>Arm strength that will allow my punches to pierce through any ability and kill. Leg strength that will allow me to dash through any tricks. Eyesight that will allow me to see through my opponent’s next move and her move after that. The grit to bounce back, no matter what is done to me. The control to steal all of my opponent’s abilities and turn them back on her. The mental fortitude to declare that I am unaffected, no matter what settings are laid upon me. I’ll use everything I have to overcome and surpass everything that is thrown at me, all to chase down Alovenus.</em></p>

      <p>Clash! A universe contained within a dimension was erased, along with all its parallel universes.</p>

      <p>Clash! A greater dimension, made of a nearly unlimited number of dimensions coming together, was unable to resist and was blown away.</p>

      <p>Clash! Not even a supergreater dimension, made of countless greater dimensions, was able to withstand the fight as it was smashed apart.</p>

      <p><em>Not yet. I haven’t had enough yet. It still won’t reach. My opponent in front of me is still fresh as a daisy. There’s no damage at all, so I need to go higher. I need to reach greater heights! Until the end of the end of the end!</em></p>

      <p>It was no longer even a fight. It was basically a game, only playable because they were both monsters who lived in an entirely different dimension. They were messing with each other.</p>

      <p>The Goddess and her Rebel laughed together from the bottom of their hearts as they clashed, and the aftereffects erased countless worlds.</p>

      <h1>8</h1>

      <p>A little before Lufas and Alovenus ended up destroying time itself during their fight, a young man was browsing his favorite website on his computer. His pet cat, Fahl, took up its place at his side, and was regularly getting in his way. Every time the cat did so, it was moved away, but it would quickly come back. <em>Just what does this cat even want? </em>he wondered.</p>

      <p>The young man had finally tired of the game he’d been hooked on up until now, <em>Exgate Online</em>, and now he had too much free time on his hands. Therefore, he’d taken on some job interviews and was currently just waiting on results.</p>

      <p>After being interrupted by Fahl for the seventh time, he happened to look outside while moving his pet. Outside, he happened to spy some children walking to elementary school. It was a completely normal scene out of everyday life. There was nothing strange about it, which made the boy think that he’d seen such a scene before. Either that or he’d been in the scene himself in the past.</p>

      <p>Two of the children were playing around as they walked. That was all there was to the scene. There was nothing special about it.</p>

      <p>“Gotcha!”</p>

      <p>“I’ve got a barrier up! Doesn’t count!”</p>

      <p>For reasons unknown, Japanese boys always liked to play with barriers. According to a certain survey, it seemed over ninety-five percent of men had experience doing this. This meant that out of one hundred men, ninety-five of them had taken part in this strange game at least once. The reasons for this were, once again, unknown. The word “barrier” probably resonated with a child’s heart somehow.</p>

      <p>The young man was filled with nostalgia, thinking, <em>I did that too, once.</em></p>

      <p>Games like this always started with a touch and a barrier in response before gradually devolving into an anything-goes format. It was a pretty common development. There were no clear-cut rules like in hide-and-seek or tag, so all rulings were left to the players—the children—themselves. That was why there was no limit to things, and nothing was against the rules.</p>

      <p>“Then here’s a beam!”</p>

      <p>“Beam Barrier! Doesn’t work!”</p>

      <p>“Barrier-Destroying Weapon!”</p>

      <p>“Double-Layered Barrier!”</p>

      <p>There was no end. This was just a game of words, and they could layer as many attributes and moves as they wanted. If the kids felt like it, they could bring out invincible barriers, beams that could break those barriers, and more. Even barriers that encompassed all of Earth or all of space could exist. Children were invincible in the world of imagination. They could do anything.</p>

      <p>When would a game like this end? Would it just go on forever? No, that would never happen. There is always an end to everything.</p>

      <p>The boy looked away from the window as his beloved pet, Fahl, interrupted for the eighth time, leaving the boy scratching his head.</p>

      <p>All things must come to an end. However, a cat’s ability for interruption was infinite.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>How long had the fight been going on at this point? Time no longer existed, so it would probably be accurate to say that not even a second had passed. To Lufas herself, it felt as if she’d been fighting for a couple of hours at this point. Even so, the battle between the Goddess and her Rebel was still completely even.</p>

      <p>The battle was now in a temporary stalemate, with the two of them some distance away from one another, content to only glare.</p>

      <p>They had a standoff in this pure-white space, but Lufas was the first to make a move. She swung her arm, which held Lifthrasir, a weapon that should have been lent to Alioth.</p>

      <p>The universe that contained Mizgarz was already gone, but this sword still existed. Only this sword, which legends said was able to survive even the end of the world, would always exist.</p>

      <p>Lufas brought both swords in the set together. By doing so, the swords amazingly changed shape and melded together into a longsword, as if they had been meant to be one sword this entire time.</p>

      <p>In response, Alovenus waved her hand, grabbing onto two brightly shining swords and combining them into one, just like Lufas had.</p>

      <p>The two of them laughed, identical swords in hand, before quiet swept over the battlefield. Lufas’s red cloak swayed, and Alovenus’s blue cape fluttered, even though there was no breeze.</p>

      <p>They leapt forward and clashed. A blast too violent to merely be called a shock wave was created, and it spread to the ends of this theoretically infinite Endpoint. The wave traveled millions upon trillions of light-years, spreading out seemingly forever. At the center of all this, Lufas and Alovenus clashed swords over and over, flying around in a circle. Things had taken a turn from the over-the-top, flashy fight from earlier, transforming into a relatively tame sword fight.</p>

      <p>However, while things looked less flashy, every swing was lethally destructive. Their blades clashed, and many dimensions were destroyed. Their swords once again clashed, and multitudes of timelines were broken and shattered. They exchanged blows that sounded like thunderclaps, and cracks ran throughout the Endpoint. They entered a pushing contest with their swords, and every time one of them got knocked away, they came back the next moment with an all-out attack, sending sparks flying everywhere. At this point, it was unknowable how much damage the aftereffects of their fight were causing. Neither of the combatants cared either.</p>

      <p>The two of them locked eyes. Lufas’s smile was belligerent and fierce, while Alovenus simply laughed like she was having fun.</p>

      <p>“Hah!”</p>

      <p>Lufas swung down her sword, and Alovenus evaded by leaping away.</p>

      <p>Alovenus flipped her dress around, swinging her sword and sending a flurry of slashes at Lufas. The flying blades of energy would never miss, and they would destroy anything and everything. They slashed through everything, closing the distance until blades once again clashed, creating more shock waves.</p>

      <p>At first glance, everything seemed even. In fact, it <em>was</em> even. Both sides repeatedly insisted that they were stronger, so no difference could be formed between them. Now that the two of them had reached the heights of power, this fight could not be anything but even. It was an equation so simple even small children could understand it. Infinity was always equal to infinity; there was no other answer. At least, that was how it should have been.</p>

      <p>However, Lufas slowly started gaining the advantage in this sword-locked duel, and for the first time, Alovenus seemed somewhat anxious.</p>

      <p><em>This is weird. I shouldn’t lose. I shouldn’t be being pushed back. I should have been raising my own power in concert with hers!</em></p>

      <p>Of course, Lufas also knew that, so she took that into account and raised her own power to respond to Alovenus’s increases as well. That was why they should have been even. <em>So why am I being pushed back? Why am I losing?</em></p>

      <p>“Play-fighting between children... That was what you described it as, didn’t you, Alovenus?”</p>

      <p>Lufas applied even more power, further pushing Alovenus back. She was doing the same thing as Alovenus, simply layering her own settings and character building over her opponent’s in order to make herself superior. However, Lufas was doing so just slightly faster than her opponent.</p>

      <p>Alovenus was raising the speed at which she got stronger. She was raising the scale of her power. However, Lufas was one step ahead. Somehow, she was creating a gap in strength.</p>

      <p><em>How is she doing this?</em></p>

      <p>“By the way, going back to that example you gave of children trying to insist that they’re stronger... Do you know who wins that argument?” asked Lufas.</p>

      <p>“There’s never a clear result...” Alovenus trailed off. “Since both sides say the same things, there’s no end to it.”</p>

      <p>“You’re wrong. You know, back when my avatar was a child... Well, things ended when the slightly smarter child realized there would be no end to things, so they compromised.”</p>

      <p>Yes, this seemingly endless children’s game actually did have a natural end—compromise. The slightly smarter, more grown-up child would realize that this could go on forever, and they would quickly lose motivation and just give up to put an end to things.</p>

      <p>What Lufas was implying seemed to have gotten through, and Alovenus’s expression was steeped with further anxiousness.</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re saying I’ve compromised...? That I’ve given up?!”</p>

      <p>“No, I’m pretty sure you haven’t. You haven’t given up. But your tenacity for victory isn’t enough.”</p>

      <p>The gap in their strength widened. Now, Lufas had completely surpassed Alovenus in power, and the sword in Alovenus’s hands started to crack. It didn’t matter how many times Alovenus added the property that the sword would never break; it was just overwritten with the plot point of its breaking. Even if she added a property for the sword to be repaired, it was quickly erased.</p>

      <p>“You became satisfied. You felt fulfilled the moment someone appeared to truly oppose you. However, I’m rather selfish myself... I won’t be satisfied unless I win.”</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, there needs to be a clear victor in this fight. There’ll be no draw. I will never allow a result that only recognizes that “someone is better.” There needs to be a clear best. There is only victory.</em></p>

      <p>Lufas’s goals differed from Alovenus’s. While the Goddess only desired someone to push back against her, the Rebel aimed for something beyond that. The exact same thing had happened in the fight between Leon and Sol. This similarity might have been the true bond between master and servant.</p>

      <p>Alovenus hated Leon. From her point of view, Leon surely seemed despicable and foolish. However, Lufas thought of Leon quite favorably. She thought that he had hidden potential. At the very least, his desire to win was the greatest among all the Thirteen Heavenly Stars by Lufas’s estimation.</p>

      <p>“It’s over, Alovenus. It’s my... No.”</p>

      <p>Lufas leapt away and brandished her sword. In that moment, Alovenus saw a multitude of shadows behind her. Among them, she noticed the forms of Benetnasch and Orm, who had withdrawn from the battle. There was also Dina, her avatar, and Libra, who was supposed to be her puppet, as well as the Seven Heroes, the rest of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, other heroes from history, the devilfolk, humanity, demihumans, and even monsters and animals. It was the sum of all life that existed on Mizgarz. It was everything that Alovenus had been playing around with all this time.</p>

      <p>“It’s <em>our</em> victory.”</p>

      <p>Lufas’s sword cleaved through Alovenus’s weapon, as well as her body, all in one attack.</p>

      <p>The slash Lufas unleashed flew off into the distance, cutting apart everything in its path. The slash, which seemed to threaten to cut apart the Endpoint itself, continued on its path, growing ever bigger until it eventually disappeared.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>