<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Of course, such a thing would not kill the Goddess. Rather, nothing could definitely kill Alovenus other than her own suicide. In fact, she might not even die by her own hand. Whether it be something that extinguished the soul entirely, erased all traces of her, or even made it so she had never existed in the first place, as soon as she got tired of not existing, Alovenus would simply make a sudden return, almost like a cockroach.</p>

      <p>As Lufas was now, she might have been able to forcefully end Alovenus by overwriting her immortality. She might even have been able to continuously suppress Alovenus’s efforts to revive. However, Lufas had no intention of doing so.</p>

      <p>In any case, Alovenus herself already knew painfully well that she had been defeated.</p>

      <p>For a long moment, Alovenus said nothing, then stuttered, “Huh? Uh? N-No way... I... I just...”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. You realize it yourself, don’t you? You lost.”</p>

      <p>With that blow, Alovenus’s HP became 0.</p>

      <p>It didn’t matter that her HP was 0 though. Even if it went into negative numbers or the very concept of HP was erased, Alovenus still would not die. Alovenus could continue fighting if she wanted to. Likewise, if she wanted to stand up, she could.</p>

      <p>However, none of that mattered. Alovenus had lost this contest of wills and selfishness. That fact meant that Alovenus now had no chance of winning anymore. Battles in this divine territory meant a contest of imposing one’s selfishness. The more selfish one would win, while the one who was satisfied with the status quo would lose.</p>

      <p>As of now, the hierarchy between Lufas and Alovenus had been set in stone and would never change. Alovenus could no longer win against Lufas Maphaahl. Never. In other words, it was complete and utter defeat. Alovenus had lost to Minamijuuji Sei mentally and Lufas physically. There could be no excuses for this complete loss.</p>

      <p>Faced with that fact, Alovenus felt sapped. Now that she’d accepted her defeat even once, she could no longer contend against Lufas in a battle like this. It didn’t matter how much she tried to insist that she was stronger. The fact that she’d once lost would remain in her heart. That fact would cloud her will and her belief that she was the strongest.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Ah ha ha...” Alovenus let out a dry laugh.</p>

      <p><em>What a terrible day. What a terrible, amazing day. I would never have even imagined that someone would come to oppose me, let alone rise above me. I can only be astounded. This woman... This Lufas Maphaahl is an idiot so big that she can surpass gods.</em></p>

      <p>As Alovenus was sunk in thought, Lufas was in front of her, raising her fist in preparation for the final touches on her victory. Then, Lufas brought her fist down on Alovenus’s head. The impact raised a great noise akin to an explosion, and a shock wave spread outwards, the last of so many that shock waves themselves might die from overwork.</p>

      <p>If the two of them had happened to be on a planet just then, Alovenus would have been pummeled through the ground and out the other side, only to be launched into space. Of course, given the weight of Alovenus’s sheer existence, she would be unable to be in a normal universe. This hypothetical would be dependent on them being in a supergiant one able to house her.</p>

      <p>In short, that was just how powerful Lufas’s swing was.</p>

      <p>“Th-That huuurrtttt?!?!” Alovenus said, shocked.</p>

      <p>“Children who’ve done bad things need to be punished. Jeez...” Lufas trailed off. “Do you know how hard I had to work to get that hit in?”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>