<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="side1_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p><b>ＥＸ－２</b></p>

      <p>Tens of thousands of years ago, there were two races that were considered people. One was the heaven-winged, who were the first race the Goddess created for this world. Then there was the race derived from the heaven-winged who had descended to the ground and lost their wings in exchange for the adaptability to live in nearly any environment. They were now simply referred to as humans, and they became the basic template from which a race was determined to be a part of humanity or not.</p>

      <p>Furthermore, humans spread to caves, forests, and plains—basically every area Mizgarz had to offer—changing and adapting to their environment. That was how the current seven races of humanity were formed. Among them, there were those who desired a peaceful life in a dark land. While they lived in the depths of Mizgarz where the mana was thickest, they mutated greatly, becoming the race closest to monsters amongst humanity. This was the race that would later be called vampires.</p>

      <p>Vampires—they were the nobility of the night, who were strong like beastfolk, fast like halflings, able to use magic like elves, tough like dwarves, and with a longer life span than heaven-winged. On top of that, they had strong regenerative powers, and under the benefit of moonlight, they were even stronger.</p>

      <p>They were confident that they were the closest race to perfection. This held doubly true for the historic firsts of their species—the originators. The strongest of the originators was a man filled with a vampire’s arrogance who called himself a vampire among vampires, a “true ancestor,” before traveling forth to attempt world conquest.</p>

      <p>He was the most feared vampire in all of history, Vlad the True Ancestor. His power was truly the stuff of nightmares, an embodiment of despair. If he wanted to, he could run ten times the speed of sound, and he was strong enough to crack mountains. His mastery over magic allowed him to instantly erase entire villages, and his overall combat prowess was said to have allowed him to decimate entire large cities in a single night.</p>

      <p>However, it is said that the nail that sticks out gets hammered. His greed in wanting dominance over not just humanity but monsters and fairies as well was his undoing. After challenging the Fairy Princess Pollux, the Symbol of Light, Vlad’s armies were overrun by her heroic spirits. As for Vlad himself, he was unable to even lay a hand on the brother, Castor, and his body was split into thirty-six pieces as he tasted total and utter defeat.</p>

      <p>Vlad was not dead though. In the end, his self-given title as true ancestor was not just for show. His incredibly stubborn constitution kept him alive even after he was rendered into ashes.</p>

      <p>He did not escape with only light damage, of course, so he was forced to spend the next several thousand years on his revival. Even then, he needed an even greater amount of time in order to regain his former strength. Eventually, though, the time to hide in obscurity reached its end, and it was time for Vlad to redouble his efforts towards his goal.</p>

      <p>Having regained his former strength—or rather, having regained <em>more</em> than his former strength—Vlad awoke from his long slumber, finally completing his revival and fully ready to steep the world in darkness and blood.</p>

      <p>“A new age of darkness has come upon us!”</p>

      <p>A voice reverberated through the darkness of Helheim, coming from the rubble which remained from the collapse Libra had caused. More specifically, it came from a casket buried within that rubble.</p>

      <p>“I have revived!” The voice paused. “Mm? Hmm? What? It won’t open...?”</p>

      <p>The true ancestor, Vlad, spoke about a time that had already ended over ten thousand years ago. People would remember Lufas Maphaahl, who had only become infamous two hundred years ago, but not even vampires would remember someone from <em>that</em> long ago. As a result, the location of the true ancestor’s casket had been completely forgotten, causing him to be stuck under this rubble in a strange set of coincidences.</p>

      <p>“Krkkh! Aghh! What is on top of my casket?! H-Hey, is there anyone there?! Your true ancestor has revived! Bah... Open up! Open up, I said!”</p>

      <p>Finally reaching the limits of his patience, the owner of the voice kicked his casket, forcing the rubble away. The casket’s resident walked gracefully out from among the cloud of dust caused by such a move, brushed himself off, and looked around.</p>

      <p><em>Good. No one was around. It seems there are no witnesses of me in this state.</em></p>

      <p>Though initially relieved, the man eventually slipped into a state of dissatisfaction over the fact that no one was here to celebrate the revival of their great true ancestor.</p>

      <p>“What is the meaning of this...? Why is no one here? I should have warned them that I would return after ten thousand years of sleep...”</p>

      <p>Vlad had indeed foretold his revival, but not even the ageless vampires could remember something for that long. Given a span of ten thousand years, no one other than those who had been alive at the time would remember anything from that period. Almost all of the vampires who had been alive in that time had become ash long ago. Mizgarz’s vampires did not grow old, but they did have a life span. With that in mind, the fact that this man was still alive after so long hinted that he was indeed worthy of the “true ancestor” title.</p>

      <p>“Hmph... The flow of time, I suppose? How impudent. It is just sad that none of the vampires that should worship me are here. It seems the vampires of this era must be taught a lesson as to who their ruler is.”</p>

      <p>Vlad’s smile was as haughty as could be expected of a ruler of the night as he disappeared.</p>

      <p><em>If they do not understand the greatness of their true ancestor, then they are not worthy of mercy, even if they are of the same species. No. I, Vlad, am the only real vampire to exist in the first place. Everybody else is just a cheap imitation. To think that these inferior beings would dare forget their true ancestor... They should not complain about being killed.</em></p>

      <p>The first thing Vlad decided to do was find the vampires of the current age, meaning the country of vampires, Mjolnir. Said country, which was under the effect of a permanent night, was under the control of the Vampire Princess Benetnasch and situated in Mizgarz’s most dangerous area. It mustn’t be brought up that, if she ruled a country, Benetnasch should be a queen and not a princess.</p>

      <p>That day, Benetnasch was enjoying a mont blanc that Lufas had brought back from Earth in her room, and thus was in a very good mood. There was no one around, and no need for her to be careful of appearances, so her expression was freer than usual.</p>

      <p>Suddenly her window shattered as someone flew in rudely. That in itself was fine; Benetnasch only thought some rat had dropped in. What was unforgivable to her, however, was that because the intruder had come in so roughly, some gunk had gotten on top of her mont blanc, ruining it.</p>

      <p>A vein popped at Benetnasch’s temple, and her rare loose expression instantly filled with killing intent.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. So this is the castle of the current ruler of vampires? It is rather nice, but from now on, it shall be mine,” said Vlad.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch remained silent.</p>

      <p>“Still, to think that a small girl like this is their monarch... Bow, little girl. You are standing too tall. I am the true ancestor...”</p>

      <p>Without a word, Benetnasch’s fist slammed into the intruder’s—Vlad’s—face.</p>

      <p>It was a heavy hit! Vlad takes 999,999 damage!</p>

      <p>Vlad was in a sorry state, as everything from his neck up had been turned into chunks of meat. He had been thrown straight out of another window, breaking it as he was blown outside. He spun through the air, not coming to a stop until he crashed into an island on the other side of Mjolnir’s territory.</p>

      <p>The headless vampire picked himself up from among the resultant cloud of dust as his head slowly regenerated, silent.</p>

      <p>This was thanks to the true ancestor Vlad’s unique skill Life Stock. It was a skill that allowed him to store “life,” and as long as he had stock left, he would just revive. It was a powerful skill, but he needed to reduce his remaining HP to 1 in order to create a stock, and no methods like items or heaven-arts could do anything about this loss of HP. He could only rely on his regeneration abilities to recover it.</p>

      <p>After his loss to the Fairy Princess Pollux, Vlad learned that no small amount of life stocks would be enough for her. Therefore, he waited ten thousand years to continuously build up stocks. His current amount was 66,666. However, Benetnasch’s blow had just expended twenty of his lives.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” he said after remaining silent a long while. “What was that...just now...?”</p>

      <p>For a while, Vlad was confused, unable to understand what had just happened. Eventually, he came to realize that he had been brutally killed with a single punch, and he slowly spawned a river of sweat.</p>

      <p><em>No. Wait a second. Just wait. Wait. This is weird. I am the king of all vampires, right? I’m the true ancestor! So why was I done in by a single punch from a little girl?</em></p>

      <p>“Rather...what was truly strange...was that damage number...!!!”</p>

      <p>Since a single punch rid him of twenty lives, simple math told Vlad that if he were punched 3,334 times, then he would truly die. That was enough to make any normal person think they had some leeway, but Benetnasch would easily be able to hammer out that many blows, so there wasn’t actually any leeway at all. Rather, even if there were another two or so digits, Vlad would probably still be killed in around ten seconds.</p>

      <p>The Vampire Princess wasn’t to be underestimated, given that she was able to keep up with Lufas in terms of speed.</p>

      <p>“Heh... Heh heh heh... J-J-J-J-J-Just what I would expect from a vampire. I-I-I-I seem to have gotten a little rusty, s-so I think I’ll let that go.”</p>

      <p>Even though no one was around to listen, Vlad put on a strong front before leaving the island.</p>

      <p><em>I’m not leaving because I’m afraid if I stay that scary vampire will come. Definitely not. Right. Now that I think about it, there’s no need for us to fight as fellow vampires. We’re all vampires in the end. We’re friends. Nay, family! I am not giving up the fight because I cannot win. I am a very kind and forgiving person, so I am just choosing not to punish a fellow vampire.</em></p>

      <p>Vlad flew towards Alfheim as he fed himself these excuses.</p>

      <p><em>That’s right. I should be fighting that hateful Fairy Princess instead. I waited ten thousand years in order to defeat her, after all.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Huh? What do you think you’re doing, dragging your muddy feet through here? Huh?!”</p>

      <p>“If you keep acting cheeky like this, we’ll just have to take you down a peg, trash!”</p>

      <p>After entering Alfheim, Vlad was greeted by the Fenix/Hydras pair, a combination famous for being vulgar and uncouth. Though they were a step below the Twelve Stars, they were still level 1000 and undoubtedly of the strongest class of monster. On top of that, Pollux’s heroic spirits continued coming out of the woodwork, multiplying like a swarm, and the quality of those spirits could not be compared to those of the past.</p>

      <p>Two hundred years ago, many high-level spirits ended up being produced, thanks to Lufas inflating the levels of many people who then perished in that past fight. Thanks to that, Pollux’s forces had been strengthened many times over.</p>

      <p>Level 1000. Level 1000. Level 1000. Level 1000. Everyone was level 1000. It was as if there had been a bargain sale on max-level spirits...</p>

      <p>“I’d heard someone had invaded the forest, but...” Pollux paused. “What a nostalgic face you are. I believe it’s been ten thousand years.”</p>

      <p>Vlad hesitated before speaking. “Um, Fairy Princess? Isn’t there something strange going on with your army? There are way too many level 1000s...”</p>

      <p>“A lot happened... By the way, are you feeling all right? You’re talking strangely.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, shut up! Of course that’d happen when I’m surrounded by so many monsters like this!”</p>

      <p>Vlad wanted to cry. <em>What were those ten thousand years even for?! </em>he thought.<em> This is impossible. Totally impossible! Not even a hundred million lives would be enough!</em></p>

      <p>Each and every heroic spirit was strong enough to kill Vlad several times over, and there was a mountain of them. On top of that, they could be spawned indefinitely as long as Pollux was around. <em>Stop cheating! No, wait. It’s not over yet. Pollux is weak. She still has that flaw.</em></p>

      <p>As soon as that thought crossed Vlad’s mind, Pollux started to faintly glow.</p>

      <p>“Um, Pollux?” Vlad asked after a moment’s hesitation.</p>

      <p>“What is it? It’s not like you to sound so meek.”</p>

      <p>“Is it just me or have you gotten a lot stronger?”</p>

      <p>“It’s not just you. I’ve inherited the powers of the Ouroboros of Wood...” She paused. “I am no longer weak.”</p>

      <p>In the final battle, Pollux had been given the powers of the Ouroboros of Wood. After that, the scuffle between Lufas and Alovenus had been so over-the-top that the phenomenon of inflation itself could have died from overwork, so the power that Pollux had received had been of no use at all. However, Pollux had still gotten stronger.</p>

      <p>Yes, Pollux was no longer her own biggest weakness. In fact, she was now the incarnation of the Ouroboros of Wood herself, and she had higher combat potential than the Sword King Alioth.</p>

      <p>“Are you prepared?” Pollux asked.</p>

      <p>Without a word, Vlad immediately ran away. Others may have cursed him for being a coward, but it was a smart decision. Taking on an impossible fight was not bravery. Sometimes retreating was what took real guts, so he was in no way being cowardly. This was a brave retreat!</p>

      <p>“He ran!”</p>

      <p>“After him!”</p>

      <p>“You bastard. I’ll kill you!”</p>

      <p>“Hold up!”</p>

      <p>The heroic spirits all chased after Vlad with furious looks on their faces.</p>

      <p>Vlad ran, his face dripping with tears and snot.</p>

      <p>After this, he was killed several times over, reducing his stock of lives by about half before he finally managed to get away.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“What is wrong with this era?”</p>

      <p>Vlad’s will was broken, snapped clean, and left in pieces. It wasn’t breaking or almost broken; it was already gone completely. Of course it was. It hadn’t been specifically noted yet, but in the process of running away from Alfheim, he’d been killed more than 33,333 times. Unable to do anything, he had just been beaten on over and over and treated as a weakling as he tried to escape even while being killed. In the end, he’d turned to ash and could do nothing but cry, “WRYYYYY!” as he was thrown flying by wind and scattered into particulates. The fact that the heroic spirits had thought Vlad was dead after that and hadn’t checked further had been his saving grace.</p>

      <p>“Could it be that I’m actually just incredibly weak...?” Vlad said weakly as he slumped to the ground, starting to lose all confidence.</p>

      <p>In his defense, he wasn’t actually weak. At the very least, he was strong enough to destroy any member of the Seven Luminaries one-on-one, and he could still win against their number even two-on-one. Things would probably be even if he faced three of them at once, though facing four would be a little tough. However, five would be impossible for him. This was because there were two level 1000 cheaters by the names of Dina and Sol among the Seven Luminaries, and if Luna were to get hurt, Terra would act. That meant four would be the limit for Vlad. At best, he would be able to fight well against the weakest four: Mars, Jupiter, Saturnus, and Mercurius.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, yeah. I really am just weak. Let’s just go home.</em></p>

      <p>“N-No, no. I just happened to come upon some truly incredible people. That’s definitely the case. They were this age’s Fairy Princess and the ruler of all vampires... I’m not weak at all. They’re just too strong.”</p>

      <p>The fact that he just admitted that they were stronger than him meant that his pride as a powerful person was one step away from being in tatters. However, he still was not yet ready to believe that he himself was weak.</p>

      <p>That was when Vlad hit upon the idea to just pick a fight with the first random person he saw in order to regain his confidence. It was a move completely devoid of pride or honor, but he was totally serious about it. Luckily, he was on a well-maintained road that connected cities together, so as long as he waited, someone was sure to come.</p>

      <p>Then, after waiting several minutes, his first unwitting victim came. It was a large man absolutely rippling with muscles. His bright red hair swayed in the wind like a lion’s mane, and his face screamed brutal violence without a hint of reason. His face was human, at least, but it really just looked like someone had stuffed a ferocious beast into the shape of a human somehow, as his expression was warped in a way that said that he hated the entire world. The man was over two meters tall, with dark, swarthy skin that was stretched so taut trying to contain his muscles that it seemed he might burst. The air around the man was distorted like a mirage from the heat he gave off, and it was clear right from the get-go how dangerous he was.</p>

      <p>His name: Leon the Lion King, the problem child of the Imperial Thirteen Heavenly Stars.</p>

      <p>Vlad’s thoughts stalled for a moment. <em>Nope!</em> The vampire hid. He threw away his pride and hid with all his might. <em>Nope. No way. Totally impossible. He’s obviously incomprehensibly strong.</em></p>

      <p>His judgment was, in fact, correct. Leon was scarily strong, and he was also in a bad mood today. He’d lost the mahjong tournament that had been held on the moon and as a punishment, was forced to wear some clothes Sagittarius used as a disguise to go out and run errands. On top of that, it was a woman’s dress.</p>

      <p>Imagine a large, extremely muscular man entering a store in a dress. That was the hilarity that was incoming. Thanks to that, Leon’s stress meter was maxed out. If there were anyone who would pick a fight with Leon at that moment, then they would most likely have been punched out of all of their lives. Thus Vlad bought his safety in exchange for his pride as he let Leon pass.</p>

      <p>Others might have mocked him for being a coward, but he’d simply become smarter in exchange for all of his deaths. His actions should be lauded as those of someone smart and prudent. Calling him a chicken was completely unwarranted.</p>

      <p>After confirming that Leon was gone, Vlad once again looked forward to his next would-be victim. The next person to arrive was a tiger beastfolk. He was just as tall as the previous passerby and also looked obviously strong. Though Vlad couldn’t feel the peculiar aura given off by the strong, he was sure that this man was indeed a powerhouse and let him pass as well.</p>

      <p>This was a chicken move.</p>

      <p>The next one to come was a girl who seemed weak. Her rainbow-colored hair flowed smoothly down her back, and her body was as slender and seemingly fleeting as any other girl’s.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm...? She’s...a girl...?</em> At any rate, the chicken was sure he could win. <em>I’ll descend upon this unfortunate passing girl and defeat her, proving that I am not weak! </em>So, he jumped out and blocked the way of the weak-looking sheep.</p>

      <p>“Wait right there, young lady! My name is Vlad the True Ancestor! This may be sudden, but I will be taking your blood!” The chicken proudly named himself, and while he was at it, the plan to take some blood popped into his head.</p>

      <p>The blood of a beautiful, living girl was a favorite of vampires. That never changed, not even in fantasy worlds. His would-be victim was actually male, though. Rather, he wasn’t even human. However, this chicken had no idea about any of this and was sure of his victory.</p>

      <p>“Be at ease,” he continued. “As long as you don’t put up undue resistance, I will not take your life. However, if you attempt to resist me, you should be prepared for death.”</p>

      <p>As he spoke, the chicken reminisced on the past. <em>It was better back then. Just mentioning my name like this would put fear in people, and they would quickly offer their blood, just to be saved. But look here. This girl isn’t afraid at all. How sad. I’m sure she’s so pathetically weak she can’t even tell how strong I am, but I suppose I shouldn’t blame her. Having too large a gap in strength makes the gap harder to sense. The girl isn’t too weak; I’m just too strong.</em></p>

      <p>As the chicken glowed with pride at that thought, the girl—rather, Aries—made to hit him lightly.</p>

      <p>Aries had figured that he’d just try hitting Vlad for now, since from the way he spoke, he was an enemy. While Aries was rather peaceful as far as the Thirteen Stars went, that didn’t mean he was a pacifist. As long as he recognized someone as an enemy, he would naturally attack them. The Thirteen Stars weren’t to be underestimated like that.</p>

      <p>Thus, the chicken was sent flying.</p>

      <p>“AAAaaaaAAaaaAAAaaaAAAAAHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>The chicken screamed as he flew high through the sky, spinning like a boomerang in his travels.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve been spouting words that would come back to me like a boomerang for a while now. Who knew that I would become a boomerang myself though? Amazing.</em></p>

      <p>Vlad was unlike many people in that he understood what a punch line was. From now on, let’s refer to him as the comedian.</p>

      <p>“NOOOOOOOOOO!”</p>

      <p>The comedian continued on his flight path, managing to crash into Lufas, who was just on her way from the moon to Mizgarz, and he bounced off into the ground.</p>

      <p>However, he hadn’t stopped yet. As long as he still lived, the comedian would continue to roll. He rolled and rolled, continuing through Mizgarz’s soil as if he were tilling a field. Eventually, he stopped after rolling through ten kilometers of earth.</p>

      <p>Vlad was speechless. “Huh?” He paused. “What...was that...?”</p>

      <p>The comedian cowered. <em>She’s just a thin, frail-looking girl. Why did her punch have all that power?</em></p>

      <p>With that, his remaining lives decreased even further, and he finally lost all confidence. Well, such a thing as confidence no longer existed. However, he still wanted to think he was better than average.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? Wait. Am I possibly...below average? Am I seriously nothing but small fry in this day and age?</em></p>

      <p>“U-Ummm... Are you all right?”</p>

      <p>An angel—rather, a heaven-winged girl with pink hair—descended before the poor comedian. She crouched down to be at eye level with the comedian, seemingly worried about him.</p>

      <p>If this were a romantic comedy, he would be in a position to see her panties, but it seemed she’d casually calculated their relative angles, making it so he was unable to. It was called absolute territory because it could not be observed. Panties that were easily seen had no value.</p>

      <p><em>If it’s this girl...I should be fine</em>,<em> </em>thought the comedian.</p>

      <p>Learn your lesson already!</p>

      <p>“Thank you, kind girl. By the way, I have a favor to ask of you. Could you try hitting me?”</p>

      <p>“H-Huhhh...?”</p>

      <p>“I understand your hesitation. However, it is something I need in order to maintain the last shreds of my pride. Being hit by you will not affect me. It’ll be fine. I am strong,” Vlad said. Then he added, “I hope,” under his breath.</p>

      <p><em>Is it really okay to punch someone I’ve just met?</em> thought Virgo.<em> Actually, I don’t understand why he asked me to do this in the first place.</em></p>

      <p>“Uh, I think I shouldn’t... Um, I... Well, I shouldn’t say it myself, but...I’m probably pretty strong, I think.”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha. How reliable! It’ll be fine. Have at me.”</p>

      <p>“A-Are you really sure?”</p>

      <p>“I will be completely fine!!!”</p>

      <p>“Are you really, <em>really</em> sure?!”</p>

      <p>“Da!!!”</p>

      <p>“W-Well then... Rah!”</p>

      <p>Virgo’s attempt at a war cry was cute. If transcribed into text, it would probably warrant a star or heart mark after it. The sound of her making contact was cute too. Once again, it seemed like it would warrant a star or heart mark if transcribed.</p>

      <p>The comedian went flying.</p>

      <p>“AAAAAaaAAAaaAAaaaaAAAAAAHH!!!”</p>

      <p>Once again, he was a boomerang. After meeting with the same consequences once again, he could only laugh. He was a person of deep insight, much more than any common person.</p>

      <p>As he soared high into the sky, he actually left Mizgarz’s atmosphere and was only sent back to the ground because he bounced off of Alovenus, who just happened to be descending to Mizgarz as well.</p>

      <p>“NOOOOOOOOOO!”</p>

      <p>Spinning like a wheel, he tumbled across the land, only coming to a stop after traveling another ten kilometers. He had not lost any lives. Apparently, she had attached the Blunted-Sword Strike skill to her punch.</p>

      <p>While gazing quietly up at the blue sky, the comedian pondered things.</p>

      <p>“I see...” Vlad was silent for a long while. “I’m just incredibly weak...”</p>

      <p><em>I never thought I’d be sent flying by a random hit from some girl just passing by. My own weakness surprises even me. Maybe this level of weakness is actually something rare and amazing? If I hit some random monster, they wouldn’t fly so far, which means that I’m just that weak. My strength isn’t even at zero. It’s in the negatives. I am level negative 1000. That’s got to be it</em>, he thought.</p>

      <p>At this point, he was broken in a lot of ways.</p>

      <p>“No, wait a minute. Maybe... This is just a possibility, but... There is a very low chance of this being true, but maybe all of the people I have met have just been ridiculously strong? Maybe those two girls were actually outstandingly powerful figures in this world, and I just happened to find them. My luck might just have been very bad.”</p>

      <p>Having said that, the comedian realized that this line of thinking was very optimistic and self-serving. It was also actually correct. Nobody would immediately assume they were just unlucky though, so he decided to make the next attempt his last. He would challenge the next person he met and confirm his strength. <em>If I am once again defeated, then I will just accept my weakness. I could even announce myself as the weakest being in the world. However, if that is not the case...I should at least be able to dream.</em></p>

      <p>He heard footsteps. <em>Someone... No, two people are coming this way. From their footsteps, I think they’re women. </em>The comedian slowly got up and looked towards the source of the footsteps.</p>

      <p><em>This will be my last challenge. Please, be weak. Be weak, I’m begging here. Allow me to believe that I’m strong!</em></p>

      <p>“Oh, it’s you, the person I bumped into earlier. Were you hurt?”</p>

      <p>A wild Lufas Maphaahl appeared!</p>

      <p>“Huh? This person... Ah, right. I remember now. He should be the very first vampire. That’s nostalgic. It feels like I just randomly found a doll that I’d lost a long time ago.”</p>

      <p>A wild Alovenus appeared!</p>

      <p><em>Nope.</em></p>

      <p>The comedian, thus renamed to the world’s weakest being, instantly understood that he could not win. <em>Nope. No way. Absolutely impossible. Chance of winning? That concept doesn’t even exist in this realm. Even considering fighting them is the height of absurdity.</em></p>

      <p><em>Wait, isn’t one of them the god of all creation? Isn’t that Alovenus?</em></p>

      <p>“You were really rolling back there. Are you hurt?”</p>

      <p>“No, I’m fine,” said Vlad. “Please, do not mind me. I was just getting too big for my britches. Sorry for being alive.”</p>

      <p>Lufas paused. “Uh, are you sure you’re okay? Did you hit anything you shouldn’t have?”</p>

      <p>“I’m okay. Super okay. Just the weakest in history. In fact, I have finally understood my station in life after witnessing the truth of the world. I’m very sorry for ever acting like I was strong.”</p>

      <p>“Aren’t you Vlad, the True Ancestor?” Alovenus asked. “What are you doing in a place like this?”</p>

      <p>“Vlad the True Ancestor? I don’t recognize that name. What you see before you is simply the world’s weakest living being, an incorrigible small fry, if you will.”</p>

      <p>The incorrigible small fry’s spirit was already dust in the wind. There was no recovering it. It would be better to just buy a new one.</p>

      <p>His biggest misfortune was probably reviving at the worst time. If he’d come back before Lufas was born, he at least would have constituted a bigger threat than the devilfolk’s Seven Luminaries. It was possible he could have presented a strong threat to Lufas back in her adventurer days and left his name in history, if that had been the case. Either that, or he might even have been able to join the Twelve Stars.</p>

      <p>However, he had no way of knowing that. His poor pride was destroyed and scattered to the four winds, and all that was left was a man introducing himself as an incorrigible small fry.</p>

      <p><em>I will never be ambitious again.</em></p>

      <p>Leaving those words behind, he resolved to once again shut himself in his casket. <em>The outside is scary. There are monsters everywhere, no matter where I go. That small casket, where I won’t meet anyone, is the best.</em></p>

      <p>That was how a newly emerging threat was dealt with before anyone knew it was even a threat. The danger Vlad the True Ancestor posed was nothing. He was just a poor fool who mistook his timing for revival. The true threat was still waiting with bated breath, unnoticed by anyone.<br/><br/></p>

      <p><b>ＥＸ－３</b></p>

      <p>“What was wrong with that person?” Virgo muttered to herself, befuddled, after she sent Vlad flying.</p>

      <p><em>He just appeared all of a sudden and asked me to hit him, so I did, but he went flying while screaming... I honestly don’t know what just happened. I did use Blunted-Sword Strike just in case, so he should be fine...but I’m still a little worried.</em></p>

      <p>Therefore, Virgo attempted to go in the direction she saw Vlad fly and managed to catch a glimpse of him running while crying. She breathed a sigh of relief. For some reason, he was running away from her master, Lufas, and the mastermind and final enemy behind their previous conflict, Alovenus.</p>

      <p>“Hmm? If it isn’t Virgo. What are you doing in a place like this?”</p>

      <p>“I just... Uhhh, came to see an acquaintance...” Virgo trailed off. “What about you, Miss Lufas?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, just a bit of treasure hunting,” Lufas said, grabbing Alovenus by the head. “I asked this one here whether she had anything else she was hiding, and it turns out there was a huge bomb left over. I’m currently trying to find it.”</p>

      <p>“A...bomb?” Virgo asked, hesitant.</p>

      <p>“Yeah.” Lufas let out a small sigh as she smacked Alovenus lightly.</p>

      <p>Alovenus may have been this world’s creator, but her past actions had been so terrible that nobody present felt any respect for her.</p>

      <p>“I’m sure you know that there were only five Ouroboroses, Virgo, but I thought that was a little strange. So I put the screws to her.”</p>

      <p>“Ah... Now that you mention it, Metal and Water are missing.”</p>

      <p>“Exactly. According to Alovenus, that’s because those are the elements governed by Dina—in other words, her avatar—but Dina’s combat ability clearly does not match the ouroboroses. When I asked her why things were balanced like this, she finally revealed that there was a huge bomb left over.”</p>

      <p>With that, Lufas pushed Alovenus forward. It was most likely a gesture demanding that she take over the explanation.</p>

      <p>Alovenus laughed flippantly as she rubbed her abused head.</p>

      <p>“It’s not that big a deal. I just said that I did make an Ouroboros of Metal and an Ouroboros of Water in the past. There was a lot of trial and error going on back then, and in the end, splitting them up was too much trouble, so I just made the avatar and the ouroboroses a set.”</p>

      <p>“A...set?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. Well, put simply, I just made the avatar with the powers of both the Metal and Water ouroboroses. Just consider Dina to have the ability to transform into a two-headed ouroboros. Anyway, I tried making the avatar a male at first, but it didn’t work out. Because the gender was different, he ended up becoming independent of me. He was all full of himself, saying that he was the god of this world while he did as he pleased, so I disposed of him. Then, I proceeded to do things like lowering the avatar’s strength and changing their gender and establishing a life span. All that errata became the current avatar, Dina.” Alovenus paused. “She became independent anyway though.”</p>

      <p>That was the reason there were only five ouroboroses. It wasn’t because ones for the elements of Metal and Water didn’t exist; it was because they were failed works. And the reason there was only one avatar in comparison to five ouroboroses was that the avatars always had the power of two ouroboroses.</p>

      <p>Having had that explained to her, Virgo paled. <em>So there’s something with the power of two ouroboroses when it was almost impossible to take on even one, and he has Dina’s powers on top of that? Lufas might not even be able to handle that</em>, she thought.</p>

      <p>“You didn’t actually dispose of him because you couldn’t, right? You beat him down, but he escaped at the last second. You can’t call that ‘disposing of him,’” Lufas said.</p>

      <p>“Grk... B-But not only did I beat him up, I also took away most of the mana making up his body along with his title, so he’ll have almost no power left. In fact, I haven’t even felt his presence until just recently. He probably only recently recovered enough to be able to be active again,” said Alovenus.</p>

      <p>“And that reason would be...”</p>

      <p>“Well, it would be because of all the ouroboroses activating, of course. I think he was influenced by the other ouroboroses into becoming active. His presence was so weak that I hadn’t even noticed at first.”</p>

      <p>“You’re just as bad at the small stuff as always. That’s why you get the rug pulled out from under you.”</p>

      <p>“Grrrrr...”</p>

      <p>Because Alovenus’s very existence was so large, she was unable to key into the smaller details. That was her weakness. It was because Lufas and Dina were so adept at planning out and taking advantage of those details that they’d won. And it turned out that this Goddess had done the same thing in the past, leaving someone alone who had the ability to defy her. There was the question of how that person had survived Lufas and Alovenus’s fight, but he’d probably just temporarily escaped using an Exgate.</p>

      <p>“Still, he’s not someone we need to be that cautious of. He probably only has as much strength as a member of the Seven Luminaries. Less, even. We can just find him and capture him. Whether or not we get rid of him will depend on how he reacts. That’s the plan, anyway. I don’t think it’ll be necessary, but you be careful too,” Lufas warned.</p>

      <p>“O-Okay,” Virgo replied.</p>

      <p>Lufas walked away, dragging Alovenus along. They probably only understood that he was in the general area and couldn’t pinpoint an exact location. After all, this was the Goddess’s offshoot. He should have been as skilled at hiding as Dina. Now that Lufas and Alovenus had taken action, however, it was only a matter of time until the problem was solved. Though they might face some difficulty, there was most likely no way for their target to escape.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“My word, what an awful era!”</p>

      <p>The incorrigible sluglike small fry—originally Vlad the True Ancestor—shouted aloud when he was alone. He was in the midst of returning to Helheim, where his casket was. However, it was taking some time because he was very paranoid about avoiding everyone, twitching at every sound and hiding at the slightest prompt.</p>

      <p>He hadn’t used to be like this. In the past, he’d walked boldly wherever he went while those around him paid attention to his mood and reactions, as they were the ones who had to hide. Vlad used to be the embodiment of fear, but what he was doing now was just like those cowardly common folk whom he used to see everywhere. That fact was what made him feel the worst.</p>

      <p>“Are you...Virgo?”</p>

      <p>That was when a voice called out to Vlad. With a twitch, he turned around while trembling in fear, and found a hatefully beautiful man. When the man saw Vlad, his disappointment was obvious.</p>

      <p>“That’s no good. How could I...? I was so looking forward to her arrival, I ended up loosening the barrier. I would never have thought it would be for something as uninteresting as this.”</p>

      <p>That got on Vlad’s nerves. <em>Uninteresting?! You would call me, Vlad, once hailed as the True Ancestor of all vampires and who controlled all the land, uninteresting?! How rude!</em> he thought.</p>

      <p>However, he didn’t immediately lash out. After all, his weakness had been thoroughly beaten into him over the course of the day as he was made to accept the strangeness of this era. Instead, he decided to observe first. He needed to see if it was okay to pick a fight with the person in front of him. And the conclusion Vlad reached was, “I’ve got to be able to win against him.”</p>

      <p>Learn your lesson already!</p>

      <p>However, it was only natural for Vlad to think as such. The man was obviously weakened. His cheeks were sunken, and he was clearly not in the best health. Vlad could see sticklike limbs peeking from the man’s tattered clothes, and from Vlad’s point of view, the man would fall over if he was even breathed on.</p>

      <p><em>I can do this! I can win! </em>thought Vlad.</p>

      <p>“Khha ha ha... It seems you don’t know just who I am, brat. That ignorance will cost you.”</p>

      <p>After a moment, the man said, “How unsightly.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“I called you unsightly. You just thought, ‘He looks weak. I can win.’ Such a small person who can only throw their weight around against those weaker than them... What would you call them other than unsightly? Know your place, you philistine who only understands self-protection and cunning calculation. I have no use for those such as you. I am waiting for a precious guest at the moment... Disappear while I am still in a good mood.”</p>

      <p>It was a terribly effective berating, and it dealt a critical hit leading to an overkill of Vlad’s tofu-like mental state, rendered that way after all the crushings he’d experienced over the day.</p>

      <p><em>Okay. He’s dead. I’ll kill him before going home</em>, Vlad decided. <em>It’s fine. I can win. I can totally win. There’s no way I would lose against someone who’s half-dead like this. </em>That thought made it obvious that Vlad was a very small person indeed.</p>

      <p>“Very well. It seems you have a death wish! I will gladly relieve you of your life’s blood!”</p>

      <p>Vlad flapped his mantle and lunged forward at the man’s neck, his mouth open to bite.</p>

      <p>He’d used the skill Blood Drain. It was a Grappler-class skill, only available to vampires, that stole the target’s vitality along with their blood. In the past, Vlad had used this skill to suck the life out of many to add it to his own, and another victim was about to be born here and now.</p>

      <p>“Kha ha ha... Tremble in fear! Each moment that passes, your life is slipping out of you! No matter how you cry and wail, it is too late for regrets. You will now...now...?”</p>

      <p>Vlad should have been overwhelmingly advantaged, but suddenly, he noticed that something was off. <em>That’s weird. It doesn’t feel like I’m taking his life. It doesn’t look like he’s getting any weaker. In fact, it’s the opposite. His vitality is growing...and mine is... No, I’m losing my stocks?!</em></p>

      <p>“O-Oh? Ooohhhh?!”</p>

      <p>“I told you. Know your place. As if my life would ever be stolen by the likes of you. I was considering letting you go...but it seems people never learn. As always, they are arrogant, ignorant, and just plain ugly. I was happy when I met her, since she made me think that humanity might not be as bad as I thought, but... It seems Virgo is just special.” The man almost spat out those lines as he grabbed Vlad, who was trying to escape, by the head.</p>

      <p>When he did so, he started to drain even more life out of his victim, and fear finally gained control of Vlad’s heart.</p>

      <p>“However, it seems the amount of mana you possess is worthwhile, at least. This opportunity does not come every day... I shall take it for my own.”</p>

      <p>With that, the man stole even more of Vlad’s lives. Then, after a few minutes, the feared true ancestor of the vampires that had once been rumored to have infinite lives had completely disappeared from this world.</p>

      <p>“Are you here, Sanieve?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, yes. I’ve been waiting.”</p>

      <p>When Virgo came holding clothing and food, the man—Sanieve—greeted her with a smile. Though he was weakened, his looks were still good enough to make most women he smiled at faint. However, Virgo didn’t seem especially affected as she moved to place the goods in front of him.</p>

      <p>“Sorry. I didn’t know what you liked, so I just bought what the store recommended,” said Virgo.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Clothing design has not changed much from the past.”</p>

      <p>Sanieve took the clothes out of the bag and looked them over closely. He still nodded in approval though; it seemed he didn’t have much of a preference.</p>

      <p>Virgo paused. “Huh? Is it just me or do you look a little better than before?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I found a bat in the cave by coincidence and just finished eating it.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? I-Is that really all right?”</p>

      <p>“It was not very delicious, no.” Sanieve laughed like he just told a joke.</p>

      <p><em>He seemed moody at first, but he’s actually pretty easy to talk to</em>,<em> </em>Virgo thought.</p>

      <p>“Still, I can’t be greedy. It doesn’t matter whether it’s a mouse or a frog. if it’s edible, I still need to eat,” Sanieve explained.</p>

      <p>“That sounds harsh.”</p>

      <p>“It is. By the way, there’s something I’d like to ask... You are of quite the high level, aren’t you? Are there many like you in today’s world?”</p>

      <p>He noticed Virgo’s high level. However, it wasn’t that strange an occurrence. The barrier to obtain the skill Observing Eye wasn’t that high, and it was available to everyone. The user would be unable to view accurate stats if the target was of a higher level, but they would still be able to understand that whoever they were looking at was stronger, at least. Virgo was sure that skill was what he’d used.</p>

      <p>“No, not that many. According to Miss Lufas, the average has actually gone down by quite a lot.”</p>

      <p>“Lufas...? Sorry, but I’ve never heard that name.”</p>

      <p>“Is that so? She’s very famous though.”</p>

      <p>“I’m unable to learn much about the outside. If possible, would you be willing to tell me what you know?”</p>

      <p>After that, Virgo told Sanieve everything she knew. She told him about what had happened two hundred years ago and also about the conflict she had partaken in recently. She left out some details, of course, such as Alovenus coming under Lufas’s command. Still, she told him everything an average person living in Mizgarz would know.</p>

      <p>After hearing all that, Sanieve looked surprised. “So something like that happened...? I wondered why everything seemed to be so tumultuous outside.”</p>

      <p>“Were you moved to the Ark at that time?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm? ...Yeah, I suppose so. I’m sure that’s what happened. I have no idea what occurred, but I’m sure I was on that Ark or whatever it is you called it.”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t strange that Sanieve didn’t understand what had happened. Before their fight with the ouroboroses, Lufas had lifted land off of Mizgarz wholesale before carrying it into the Ark as intact as possible. That meant most people hadn’t even noticed they’d been moved into the Ark until it had been explained to them. Sanieve was living in a cave, too, so it was only natural for the only thing he knew to be that there’d been a huge earthquake.</p>

      <p>After all this, the two of them shifted subjects all over the place. Every once in a while, Sanieve would tell Virgo something of the past, which impressed her. Eventually, Virgo noticed that time had flown by too fast, and she stood up.</p>

      <p>“Okay then. I need to excuse myself here.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, it’s already time? Time sure flies when you’re having fun, doesn’t it?” Sanieve smiled somewhat sadly before asking Virgo a question. “Will you...come again? I’d like to continue talking with you.”</p>

      <p>“It was fun for me too. I’ll come back soon!” Virgo said with a smile before flapping her wings and flying away.</p>

      <p>While watching her fly off, Sanieve quietly smiled.</p>

      <p>“Virgo...huh? This is the first time I’ve seen a soul as clear as that,” Sanieve muttered quietly before returning to his cave.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve finally found what I was looking for...</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p><b>ＥＸ－４</b></p>

      <p>After that first day, Virgo regularly visited Sanieve.</p>

      <p>When she thought about it, Virgo realized that she didn’t have many friends she could relax around. Sei was more than a friend, and from Virgo’s point of view, the other Thirteen Stars and Lufas were more like superiors. The former hero’s party was also somewhat different from normal friends to her and would be best described as close acquaintances.</p>

      <p>By heaven-winged standards, Virgo was still young enough to be called a child. Before she’d left the forest with Lufas, she had no friends, and it had been strange for her to be living in a forest in the first place. She was at the age where she wanted friends, so Virgo quickly became close with Sanieve.</p>

      <p>For his part, Sanieve seemed to love Virgo’s visits, and every time she came, he seemed happy to see her.</p>

      <p>“And then Aigokeros started eating weeds while still in his human form!” Virgo said.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha! That must have been a sight! I would have wanted to see that.”</p>

      <p>Sanieve was a great listener, and he would respond in just the right way to Virgo’s stories with great timing, which just made talking all the more fun for her.</p>

      <p>These past few days, the color of Sanieve’s skin had started getting better as well, and by now, he had regained all his former beauty. He was also now wearing proper clothing instead of the tattered rags from before. His clothes, which in Earth terms closely resembled a chokha, a set of traditional Georgian clothing, were black with gold threading. Wearing it gave Sanieve a mysterious, noble dignity.</p>

      <p>Virgo stopped being too formal when talking to him, and at this point, she totally trusted Sanieve. Their friendly chats had always been calm and amicable from beginning to end, but there had been one time when a disquieting atmosphere was brought about. It happened when Virgo mentioned a particular name.</p>

      <p>“You know, Sei is amazing. Level-wise he’s very low, but even so, he fights through his terror and always moves straight forward...”</p>

      <p>Sanieve paused. “Sei?” he asked. “Sorry, but what is this man to you?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Ummm... He’s someone I really admire, and... Ummm...”</p>

      <p>It was rare for Virgo to be tongue-tied like she was when Sanieve asked this question. She also averted her eyes, blushing.</p>

      <p>Sanieve was not a dense man. That reaction told him exactly what kind of feelings Virgo held for Sei, a man he had never met. Sanieve’s face was frighteningly expressionless then, though Virgo didn’t see this as she had averted her eyes. However, Sanieve had returned to his usual pleasant smile by the time Virgo had looked back at him.</p>

      <p>“I see. By the way, I would like to hear about that moving golem you talked about before.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, okay!”</p>

      <p>It was an obvious attempt to change the subject. Sanieve’s attempt to lead the conversation made it seem like he didn’t want to hear Virgo talk about Sei, but Virgo didn’t notice this. Eventually, the atmosphere returned to its usual peacefulness as the two continued to chat.</p>

      <p>However, at that moment, a dark sentiment started to grow behind Sanieve’s kind eyes.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Several days later, Virgo was once again visiting Sei on Earth. They were walking together through the city, having gone to see a movie, eaten together, and even visited an amusement park. They were ticking all the boxes of a relationship, as the two of them got ever closer. However, neither of them could take the final step.</p>

      <p>So, Virgo had decided to work up the courage today. The time they could spend together was not long, so she felt she needed to resolve this as soon as possible. What drove her was both courage and a sense of panic. Virgo was afraid of letting too much time pass.</p>

      <p>The particular lighting of the sunset shone on couples, parents with their children, and groups of men who had come to insist that they didn’t need love equally, as they had their fun at the amusement park. The park’s mascot was wandering around, balloons in hand. None of them felt the same fear as Sei and Virgo. The chance of being separated by death accompanied all couples, but most of them still had basically the same amount of time to live and share with their partner. Virgo felt jealous of those people, and she wanted to become like them. That was why she girded herself today; she needed to be brave.</p>

      <p>“Um...”</p>

      <p>“Virgo.”</p>

      <p>As soon as Virgo prepared herself and was about to step forward, Sei spoke. Though he had no intention of doing so, Sei had blunted Virgo’s determination. However, it seemed he hadn’t noticed.</p>

      <p>“I like you,” he said, a serious look on his face.</p>

      <p>“Huh?!”</p>

      <p>The sudden confession with its unexpected timing turned Virgo’s face red. The sheer surprise had her heart thumping in her chest as her eyes swam.</p>

      <p><em>He’s expecting an answer. Aren’t these the words you’ve been waiting for the whole time?! </em>she thought.</p>

      <p>After looking up at Sei expectantly, Virgo finally noticed. Sei looked more serious than usual, and his face was filled with the sorrowful look of someone who was about to say something they didn’t want to.</p>

      <p><em>No... He’s not going to say the words I’ve been waiting to hear. It’s the opposite... He’s going to say the one thing I don’t want him to, isn’t he?</em></p>

      <p>“But, the time frames that we live in are too different. From your perspective, my life span is even shorter than a dog’s, and I’ll quickly be gone.”</p>

      <p><em>Stop! </em>Virgo wanted to shout.<em> I don’t want to hear that! I know even without you telling me! I’m still here despite all that. Why would you say this?! </em>Virgo wanted to cry out.</p>

      <p>“I...I like you, so I don’t want to make you unhappy. I think you’ll still look the same as you do now even when I die. Whether or not it’s all right for me to take up your time like this has been on my mind all the time recently... So...”</p>

      <p><em>So what? No, I don’t want to hear it! If I let him say it, it all ends here!</em></p>

      <p>Before she’d noticed, tears were flowing out of Virgo’s eyes. Seeing this surprised Sei.</p>

      <p>“N-No... It’s not like I started to dislike you or anything, Virgo! I just...”</p>

      <p>“Sei, you... Sei, you IDIIIOOOOOOOOTTTT!”</p>

      <p>The emotions Virgo was trying to hold back burst forth all at once, taking the form of an insult to Sei. After that outburst, Virgo couldn’t stand to be there anymore, so she ran away.</p>

      <p>In a panic, Sei tried to chase after her, but because he was such an honest and serious person, he couldn’t help but think about unnecessary things.</p>

      <p><em>Wouldn’t it be better to not chase after her?</em></p>

      <p>If he gave chase right away, he might have been able to catch her. However, Sei’s hesitation was fatal. When she saw him stop, Virgo gave Sei a sad look before disappearing.</p>

      <p>All Sei could do was stand there, staring dazedly at the place where she was. He’d never wanted to make her cry. He just wanted her to be happy. That was why Sei had said those things. It was the conclusion of all his worries about the end that would someday come for him and the thought that she would cry at their parting. After seeing her cry like that though, Sei started to feel like he’d made a huge mistake.</p>

      <p>“You shouldn’t have done that, B O Y.”</p>

      <p>A voice called out to him, and Sei reflexively turned around to see the costumed mascot.</p>

      <p>This amusement park’s mascot was named Fire Rabbit and was a delightful bipedal rabbit whose head was constantly on fire. The mascot slowly took off its head, revealing a face that Sei knew well. It was one of the Imperial Thirteen Heavenly Stars, Karkinos the Crab. He was a resident of the same world as Virgo.</p>

      <p>“Huh? K-Karkinos? What are you doing here?”</p>

      <p>“It’s a part-time job. I thought it would be best to actually E X P E R I E N C E this world’s culture through a part-time job, so I came here with Miss Lufas’s permission,” Karkinos said, smiling proudly.</p>

      <p>Then his look became serious as he looked Sei in the eye.</p>

      <p>“Sei, my B O Y, that confession just now... Let me tell you this as a fellow man: it was B A D. That wasn’t what you should have said.”</p>

      <p>For a while, Sei could say nothing, but he eventually managed to squeeze out an, “I know, but...”</p>

      <p>“But? However? Still? Even so? Non, non, non. Those are all just excuses. I know what you want to say: ‘But I made that choice for Virgo’s happiness. I won’t live for very long, so it would be best for her if I let her go. Even through all this, my decision should be correct in the end.’” Karkinos paused. “That’s about it, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p>Karkinos was right about everything. He had seen through everything Sei was thinking. Karkinos was foolish, but he wasn’t an idiot.</p>

      <p>Crushed by his words, Sei hung his head.</p>

      <p>“Listen here, Sei, my B O Y. There’s something you should learn. You’re trying to settle everything by playing the heel. But you see...playing the heel isn’t an excuse. There are many people throughout the world who think that becoming the heel means they can do or say anything. Since they’re being hated for the other’s sake, they think it’s all right to say cruel, hurtful things. H A H A H A! That’s a N I C E J O K E. In my opinion, they’re all misconstrued bastards,” Karkinos said with a shrug, laughing.</p>

      <p><em>Becoming hated for the other person’s sake... I see. Just judging from the words, it’s a wonderful bit of self-sacrifice, but it’s actually narcissism in disguise. Most people who are like that are just drunk on the fact that they’re in the role.</em></p>

      <p>“You didn’t withdraw for Virgo’s sake. You ran because of Virgo.”</p>

      <p>“That wasn’t what...!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, you’re saying I’m wrong? Then I’d like you to tell me...the appropriate-sounding excuse you’ve prepared to gloss things over and lighten the load on your heart,” said Karkinos.</p>

      <p>Sei couldn’t say anything in reply, instead remaining in silent guilt.</p>

      <p>Explaining oneself was, in the end, just something done to make oneself look better. At that point, it was just an excuse. No matter how much good logic Sei pulled out, it wouldn’t change the fact that he’d hurt Virgo and made her cry.</p>

      <p>Karkinos poked the troubled boy in front of him in the forehead and laughed.</p>

      <p>“It’s good that you’ve become honest. This is the starting line. And if there’s a wall you need to overcome, then you can just rely on Miss Lufas or me. Just think simpler.”</p>

      <p>“I... You’re right, I need to go apologize to Virgo! I said something terrible...”</p>

      <p>“Y E S, that is what you need to do first. Don’t worry. She’ll come back when she calms down. When she does, apologize to her and then give her a H O T confession!”</p>

      <p>After hearing Karkinos’s advice, Sei’s heart became a little bit lighter. Though he normally acted foolishly, he was still one of the Imperial Thirteen Heavenly Stars. He had much more life experience than Sei. Yes, the reason why Karkinos was able to give advice like this even though he was single was thanks to the wisdom that came with age.</p>

      <p>However, he wouldn’t be the crab he was if he managed to leave while still looking cool.</p>

      <p>Just then, Karkinos was approached by a manager of the park.</p>

      <p>“HEEEYYY, PART-TIMER! DON’T YOU DARE TAKE THE HEAD OFF OF THAT COSTUME! THIS IS A PARK FULL OF DREAMS!”</p>

      <p>“S - S O R R Y! There’s a very deep reason for all this...!”</p>

      <p>“Shut up! You’re fired!”</p>

      <p>“N O O O O O O O O O O?!”</p>

      <p>As always, he was just a little bit sad. This was normal for Karkinos though.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Sei...you stupid...”</p>

      <p>Virgo walked along depressed after returning from Mizgarz, muttering to herself. She knew that what Sei said had come from a place of kindness, but she still hadn’t wanted him to say it. That was why she couldn’t stop herself from getting emotional and running away while shouting insults.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t know how I should face him when I see him next. Actually, if I see him again, he might just keep going...</em></p>

      <p>Unable to figure out what she should do, Virgo simply continued to trudge along without a destination.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong? Why the long face?”</p>

      <p>Having been called out to, Virgo looked up to find Sanieve, the man she’d recently gotten close to, looking very worried. She looked around, finding that she was in his cave, and Virgo then realized that she must have come here unwittingly. Not even Virgo herself realized why she’d come here. It was as if she was led here unconsciously...as if her legs had just naturally carried her to this place. Such a creepy happenstance would normally be felt. However, Virgo was not in her right state of mind, so she had failed to notice such a simple thing.</p>

      <p>“Tears don’t suit your lovely face. If you’d like, you can tell me your worries. Maybe saying them out loud will lighten your burden. I would like to help you,” said Sanieve.</p>

      <p>His voice seeped deep into her wounded heart, and it seemed to have a mysterious power that had Virgo feeling relieved.</p>

      <p>Normally, Virgo would most likely have realized that something was wrong by now. She would have figured that it was strange to be this relieved to see someone she’d only just met from an unbiased standpoint, and started to question things. However, Virgo was currently incapable of that. She just did as she was told, sinking into the feeling of relief as she spilled all her worries.</p>

      <p>Sanieve eventually responded once Virgo stopped talking, seeming to pity her deeply.</p>

      <p>“Oh, you poor thing... To think that he never even realized your feelings, noble as they are.”</p>

      <p>Sanieve placed his hand upon Virgo’s shoulder to comfort her.</p>

      <p>“How deplorable. I’m sure that man doesn’t even realize how lucky he is. If it were me, I’d never make you feel that way,” Sanieve said, heaving a sigh to emphasize his exasperation.</p>

      <p>Then, he turned to face Virgo again and brought his face close to hers. “But depending on how you think about it, this may have been a good thing. I understand after hearing your story. That man is not worthy of you.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Virgo paused. “Sanieve...?”</p>

      <p>“Hey, Virgo, what do you think of me? I would be happy if you could see me as a man...”</p>

      <p>It was here that Virgo finally noticed something was strange. His speech was as gentle and soft as usual, but something about Sanieve still seemed different, dangerous... Virgo could feel some dark and sinister sentiments behind his actions. However, even if she wanted to get away for a bit, Sanieve’s hand was firmly clasped onto Virgo’s shoulder and wouldn’t let go.</p>

      <p>“Allow me to confess to you. I think of you very favorably. Not in a sense of friendship, but of the kind that is born between a man and a woman. I desire to marry you,” Sanieve admitted.</p>

      <p>It was a straightforward confession, with no way to misconstrue it. Virgo’s face reddened upon hearing this unexpected confession from someone she only thought of as a friend.</p>

      <p><em>I think Sanieve is cool, and he’s also very pretty. I’m sure women wouldn’t be able to leave him alone. It’s also true that he’s very gentlemanly and very fun to talk to. But... </em>Even so, Virgo could not forget Minamijuuji Sei.</p>

      <p>“U-Um... I’m thankful for your feelings, but I...” Virgo trailed off.</p>

      <p>“Is that so...? That’s too bad.”</p>

      <p>Sanieve was visibly disappointed, and it didn’t seem like an act. Seeing that, Virgo felt guilty, but what happened the next moment blew all that guilt away.</p>

      <p>Virgo had seen Sanieve’s face. It was expressionless in a way Virgo had never seen before, but his eyes alone were alight with a passionate fire.</p>

      <p>“It truly is disappointing. However, I have infinite time on my side. I intend to wait for you to change your mind, however long that may take.”</p>

      <p>“S-Sanieve?”</p>

      <p>“I will not hand you over to any other man...much less one who made you cry, one without the guts to accept you and your feelings. Yes, I will never let you go. This is the first time I’ve ever seen someone with as clear a heart and soul as you, as well as the first time I’ve ever wanted someone. I am sure this is what they call love at first sight.”</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, you’re scaring me, you know...? Let me go...”</p>

      <p>“No.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>