<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="side1_4">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Sei!”</p>

      <p>“Virgo!”</p>

      <p>Virgo charged straight into Sei’s arms, and they shared a tight embrace. Seeing that, Sanieve’s expression warped, and Karkinos laughed.</p>

      <p>“Now then, Virgo, use your skill!”</p>

      <p>“Yes! Vindemiatrix!”</p>

      <p>Virgo raised her palm upwards and shot forth a wave that dissipated all mana in its path. It didn’t matter what spell it was; everything would be unquestionably returned to mana and unformed by the skill. It was an unfair ability only given to the guardians of the sanctuary.</p>

      <p>This ability opened a small hole in the ouroboros’s body, temporarily breaking the effect of Sanieve’s ouroboros skill, which needed to completely cover the Earth to work. Still, it only stayed that way for a moment. The ouroboros’s body was restored quickly after.</p>

      <p>“You...” Sanieve said. “I will not hand her over. I will not give Virgo to the likes of you!”</p>

      <p>The ouroboros’s mouth closed, cutting off their escape route. An aura of hatred rose around Sanieve’s entire body, overwhelming Sei and the others.</p>

      <p>They had succeeded in reclaiming Virgo, but they were still massively outmatched in combat. There was no way for them to win against Sanieve, who held the power of two ouroboroses and the Goddess’s avatar. In short, it was certain that Sanieve would kill Sei if he put his mind to it, though that might take some time.</p>

      <p>“Not yet... It’s not over yet. I can just kill you two and take my Virgo back. Nothing will change! Your actions are all meaningless!” Sanieve howled as he held up his hand towards Sei.</p>

      <p>“That’s not true. I managed to find you, so now it’s over, man who was once the Ouroboros of Heaven.”</p>

      <p>The voice echoed in everyone’s minds before the entire area was assaulted by a shock wave.</p>

      <p>They were inside the body of an ouroboros, so there was no way a shock wave should have reached them. Even so, it felt as if something was pushing down on them from above... An absolute weight that could not be fought against pushed down on Sanieve, stopping him and forcing him into submission.</p>

      <p>Sanieve wasn’t the only one affected either. The ouroboros outside, the wicked god, and even the Earth itself were the same. They were all made to kneel due to pressure released by someone.</p>

      <p>“No way... This is...Pressure? It’s a racial skill of the heaven-winged...but, there’s no way Pressure able to render me immobile should...”</p>

      <p>While Sanieve was in shock over this impossible situation, Karkinos was sure of his victory.</p>

      <p>“She’s here,” Karkinos said after a moment of silence.</p>

      <p>The fight was over. It was not ending; it was already done. Why? Because the person who’d used that Pressure was the strongest being in the world. She had no equal and could be resisted by no one. With her arrival, this fight, and the entire game board it was taking place on, had been bashed to pieces. What was happening wasn’t something so simple and easy as deciding who won a game. The game itself was broken, and now everyone and everything had been ended prematurely. That was the level of unassailable violence she brought to the table.</p>

      <p>Black wings flapped and golden hair swayed in front of the ouroboros. It was the Black-Winged Conqueror, Lufas Maphaahl. She was the one who held authority over both the Imperial Thirteen Heavenly Stars and the Goddess Alovenus, and she had descended from above the ouroboros.<br/><br/></p>

      <p><b>ＥＸ－９</b></p>

      <p>The ouroboros’s mouth moved and a voice came out.</p>

      <p>“I see. So you’re Lufas Maphaahl.”</p>

      <p>Sanieve was able to control the ouroboros as his own body and talk with it. Using its resistance skills, the two-headed ouroboros shook off Lufas’s Pressure and glared at her.</p>

      <p>The size difference between the two was absolute, and from the ouroboros’s perspective, Lufas may as well have been a dust mite. However, the ouroboros was the one being overwhelmed.</p>

      <p>Lufas laughed as if the ouroboros wasn’t even worth her attention, turning instead to Sei. “It’s been a while, Sei. It seems to me you still attract trouble like no one’s business. And though I can’t see you, I can tell. You’ve gotten one step closer to being a man, haven’t you?”</p>

      <p>Once again, Lufas was sending her voice to Sei telepathically. She, of course, knew that Sei was feeling bashful in the ouroboros, which was why she continued to tease him.</p>

      <p>“By the way, have you already delivered a confession to Virgo that would pierce her heart?” Lufas asked. “If you have, then I’m sad I missed it. It’s too bad that I came so late. Still, that’s fine... That manliness of yours is a good thing. It means I can entrust Virgo to you.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, you...”</p>

      <p>Sanieve, angry at being ignored, tried to say something, but he was quickly shut up by a silent kick from Lufas. With that one blow, the ouroboros’s jaw was crushed, its fangs snapped, and with a thunderous sound, its eyes popped out and fell to the ground due to the force behind the kick.</p>

      <p>Lufas watched, then continued speaking like it was nothing.</p>

      <p>“Also, well done, Karkinos. You did well protecting those two until I came.”</p>

      <p>After hearing Lufas’s praise, Karkinos fell to one knee to show his appreciation. They could not physically see each other through the ouroboros, but that didn’t matter. Appreciation and thanks were things given from within the heart. Though it couldn’t be physically seen, it could still be recognized.</p>

      <p>“O Karkinos, my trusted subordinate and the Crab of the Imperial Thirteen Heavenly Stars...” Lufas began. “I am sure you are tired, but this is the last spurt. Things will get shaken, so make sure you protect those two.”</p>

      <p>The biggest stroke of luck for Lufas was that Karkinos, who specialized in defense, was the one with Sei. With him nearby, she could move without hesitation, assured of the fact that, though the ouroboros would be thrown around a lot, Karkinos would be able to protect them. So, Lufas finally turned her attention to the ouroboros.</p>

      <p>“Now then... Uhh... What was your name again?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“The Ouroboros of Heaven, master.”</p>

      <p>“Right, right. The Ouroboros of Heaven. You certainly did a number on things here. How dare you. I’m sure you have your excuses, but I’m not such a good person as to just forgive you after you hurt those close to me. Sorry, but you won’t escape with only burns. Be prepared.”</p>

      <p>The Thirteen Stars readied for battle, Lufas’s words their signal. Everyone prepared to attack in their own ways. Aigokeros enlarged himself, Libra fully equipped all her weapons, Pollux summoned her heroic spirits, and Aries covered himself in fire. The sight of them looking down on their enemy was absolutely overwhelming.</p>

      <p>“DON’T GET IN MY WAAAYYYY! Virgo is... Virgo is...mine...”</p>

      <p>Lufas ignored Sanieve’s shout. “All of you, attack,” she ordered.</p>

      <p>As soon as she said this, the Thirteen Stars moved to attack the two-headed ouroboros. The first one to get there was Aries, Lufas’s first tamed monster.</p>

      <p>“Mesarthim!”</p>

      <p>The ouroboros had no method to defend against Aries’s rainbow flames, which burned at a strength according to the target’s vitality. The fire Aries unleashed burned away at the metal ouroboros’s face, causing it to cry out in extreme pain.</p>

      <p>Aries was followed up by Libra, the golem.</p>

      <p>“Brachium Overflow!”</p>

      <p>The skill pierced through resistances and was impossible to dodge. This strike, meant to turn all those who rebelled against god into ash unconditionally, hit both heads of the ouroboros as the torrent overran them.</p>

      <p>“Come with me, great wicked god!”</p>

      <p>“■■■■■■!”</p>

      <p>“Deneb Algedi!”</p>

      <p>Both Aigokeros and Thulhu shot black beams from their mouths. The Demon Lord and the wicked god, the two unexpected coincidences born on Mizgarz, completely overran the ouroboros together. Their techniques did not allow for regeneration nor did they leave room for revival. These two beings, so deeply entrenched in mana, dealt wounds that would not heal quickly, if at all.</p>

      <p>The ouroboros opened its mouth in an attempt to return fire, but it was stopped by a chain wrapping around its mouth, forcing it closed. The culprit: Scorpius. The pointed end of the chain stabbed into the ouroboros, injecting poison into the dragon.</p>

      <p>“Awwww, why are they getting along...? Come on. I’ve stopped it, so hurry and follow up!”</p>

      <p>“Shut it! You don’t need to tell me that!”</p>

      <p>Leon took his turn using the small amount of time that Scorpius had bought. He depended solely on his brute strength without relying on any unique skills or other tricks, slamming his fist into the ouroboros and destroying its scales.</p>

      <p>“Yoouuu... Don’t underestimate me!”</p>

      <p>The two-headed ouroboros tore apart its chains and opened its mouths. Then, each head unleashed a breath that could destroy stars, headed straight for Lufas. One of the breaths was casually swatted away by Lufas, while the other was swallowed by a hole in space that suddenly appeared.</p>

      <p>“Nice to meet you, first generation. I know of you because you are the oldest servant of the Goddess, but that makes it all the more disappointing that you would do something like this.”</p>

      <p>Dina, the current avatar of the Goddess, had stopped the ouroboros’s second breath. She raised both her arms, activating one of her unique skills as the avatar so as not to prolong the ouroboros’s suffering.</p>

      <p>“It is my duty to pass judgment on those who bring harm to the world. Allow me to now fulfill this duty, which I had once abandoned. Come, Mediators of the World!”</p>

      <p>The world rumbled. Dina had connected Mizgarz with Earth, creating an extra large gate. From the gate appeared the ouroboroses, all four of them: those of Sun, Fire, Earth, and Wood. Orm also returned to his ouroboros form, meaning the Moon ouroboros also joined the party.</p>

      <p>Dina, the Goddess’s avatar, had the authority to activate the ouroboroses. This was something Sanieve couldn’t do even if he was also an avatar, since the Goddess had turned her back on him. Even though he had the body of a two-headed ouroboros, not even he could take on five ouroboroses at once.</p>

      <p>Therefore, Sanieve reacted by applying a limit wall on everybody he could see. However, the Ox wouldn’t allow that to stand.</p>

      <p>“To try something like that in front of me... Did you really think that would work? Disappear... Aldebaran!”</p>

      <p>He unleashed his skill-destroying strike, capable of invalidating the skill of even someone as powerful as the avatar of the Goddess.</p>

      <p>Following that, Pollux and Castor raised their hands.</p>

      <p>“Now come, my beloved children! Argonautai!”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t just the heroic spirits that came from Mizgarz to answer the Fairy Princess’s call. The <em>Argo</em> had come as well. There was now a horde of heroic spirits large enough to blot out the sky. Even Sol, an ouroboros’s avatar whom they had once defeated as an enemy, had joined them.</p>

      <p>“Okay, have you prepared yourself to fall to hell? That’s what you deserve for laying your hands on my cute grandchild. Don’t you dare believe that you’ll be allowed an easy death.”</p>

      <p>The one who said that was the previous holder of the Maiden title, Parthenos. She looked down at the ouroboros with anger in her eyes as she held up her weapon, a log that had once been a branch of the Wood ouroboros. As long as she was around, including now, she would continue to cast buffs and support magic on all her allies at absurd speeds, though she would not attack directly. It was thanks to her skill, Zavijava. The more time she was given, the more she would strengthen her allies. Of course, this included the heroic spirits and five ouroboroses as well.</p>

      <p>In the past, Parthenos had transferred her power as the guardian to Virgo, withdrawing from the front lines. However, she now had returned to her former glory. If someone were to trace back the lineage of Parthenos’s power, they would reach the Goddess Alovenus, and Alovenus was now on Lufas’s side. It was an easy thing for the power Parthenos had given away to be restored, which was how the first Maiden had been completely revived.</p>

      <p>The five ouroboroses all opened their mouths to charge breath attacks. On top of that, the heroic spirits all readied their weapons, or prepared to chant magic or use skills.</p>

      <p>“W-Wait! You’re all seriously going to...?! No, if you do that, it won’t matter that they’ve all been turned to gold. The planet itself will...!”</p>

      <p>“Ah, no need to worry about that.”</p>

      <p>If they were to attack with so much power, Earth itself would not escape destruction. However, Lufas was never worried about that. After all, they had the cheater of all cheaters on their side—the Goddess Alovenus.</p>

      <p>“It’s been a long time, Ouroboros of Heaven. So you really were alive,” said Alovuenus.</p>

      <p>Sanieve was stunned. “No...way... You...”</p>

      <p>“We have only just reunited, so it is too bad that we must already part. However, there is no need to be afraid. You will be tasting more misfortune than you ever have, and that means the birth of more joy down the line. It is because people reach the depths of despair and misfortune that even the smallest of things bring them joy, so I will save you too. Yes, I will never abandon you. Now—fall to despair, Ouroboros of Heaven!”</p>

      <p>Alovenus spread her arms showily. At the same time, the world—rather, the entire universe—shook.</p>

      <p>Though she was only here through an avatar, with its power carefully controlled, Alovenus was still an absurdly powerful goddess. Therefore, she was able to warp reality as much as she wanted, and she could control logic and reason however she liked. All of creation was nothing more than a set of toys to her, creatures mere dolls, so what she was about to do was put on a one-night puppet show.</p>

      <p>“Now come, you dreamer, you blind and dumb deity, to which everything is just a dream that will disappear upon your awakening. AZATHOTH!!!”</p>

      <p>Reality flipped on its head. Black became white and vice versa. Fiction and reality switched places. Even the wicked god’s little world was painted over by the Goddess’s selfish rules in an instant. Reality, dreams, the past, the present, and the future all came under her control. Nothing was impossible.</p>

      <p>“I can do it.” Such selfishness was allowed and could reach infinity. It could even invent something above infinity, and that was the type of existence the Goddess Alovenus was.</p>

      <p>“With this, everything that happened as well as everything that will happen today will just be a dream. What an old trope, right? Just making everything a dream if some event gets out of hand. So don’t worry. No matter what any of you do, everything will just be a dream. Once dawn breaks, it will all be back to normal.”</p>

      <p>Even Lufas had to let out a somewhat strained laugh at that. It was a ridiculous solve and utter nonsense. Everything was as Alovenus desired. That was exactly why she’d never realized any mistakes she’d made, and it was also why she had never improved until Lufas had come to punish her.</p>

      <p>“By the way, I do have preferences when it comes to stories. I read a lot of romances, and among all that I’ve read, there’s a certain thing that I will never forgive, and that is the breaking of everything after the happy ending. Wouldn’t you think, ‘What the heck?’ if in some sort of extra or sequel the main heroine was suddenly taken by some other man out of nowhere? I’d think so. I would think, ‘You aren’t wanted.’ What need is there for a love rival after everything’s over? Why couldn’t you just leave that perfect happy ending with the protagonist and main heroine being together alone? Do you understand what I’m talking about?” Alovenus paused. “I’m talking about you, Ouroboros of Heaven. You’re just a foolish puppet acting in a minor role who thinks he’s actually the star. Leave the stage.”</p>

      <p>Alovenus raised her hand. At the same time, seven magic circles appeared in the air. Each one represented an element: Fire, Water, Wood, Metal, Earth, Sun, and Moon. Each circle, which contained one of Mizgarz’s seven elements, amplified the magic power inside it and combined together to give rise to the strongest spell containing all the elements.</p>

      <p>“Here’s a treat for you. I’ll show you a special piece of magic. Seven Stars, gather and enclose to give rise to holy land here and now. Bear witness. This is the creation of the seven skies... Mizgarz!”</p>

      <p>From the void burst the strongest spells of each of the seven elements all at once. Fire that could burn away stars. A mass of water that could swallow the sun. Lighting that could pierce through dimensions. Gravity that could compact the entire solar system. A silver arrow that could erase multiple stellar bodies. A meteor shower that swallowed everything in sight. And sunlight that destroyed anything and everything.</p>

      <p>All of that rained down, changing the face of the planet below and breaking apart the planet as it terminated everything on its way to the ouroboros. However, that wasn’t all. The destructive power in each of these spells circulated between them, resonating to bring each of them to new heights of power and birthing something in the space between all of them. That something was a planet very familiar to Lufas and the others, Mizgarz. This newly birthed Mizgarz shined and expanded until it eventually reached a climax and exploded.</p>

      <p>Birthing a planet and destroying it as a means to attack an enemy was just too absurd, but that was the way of gods. It was the method chosen by Alovenus, who was both Mizgarz’s god of creation and god of destruction.</p>

      <p>The Ouroboros of Heaven managed to evade the attack, getting away with just the bare minimum of damage, but even just taking the aftermath of the spell was fatal. The scales on the Metal ouroboros were burned away without exception, and the Water ouroboros’s arm was torn off. Even though this would all be a dream in the end, it was still too much.</p>

      <p>However, Alovenus was still holding back at this level. Compared to her true body, the form Alovenus was in right now didn’t possess even a speck of her real power. It was comparatively really weak, and from Alovenus’s perspective, she was holding back extremely hard.</p>

      <p>“You went too far, Lady Alovenus,” Dina told her. “Well, thanks to that, things have gotten a lot easier. We need to follow up! Volley fire!”</p>

      <p>“We’re going too! Heroic spirits, attack at once!” Pollux ordered.</p>

      <p>The five ouroboroses spewed their breaths simultaneously while all the heroic spirits also attacked in unison. Even an ouroboros wouldn’t be able to escape from something of this magnitude unscathed. Their target’s scales were smashed, fangs snapped, and in a flash, the Ouroboros of Heaven became soaked in blood.</p>

      <p>“GWAAARRRGGGGHHH!!!” Sanieve screamed, but he still tried to attack in return.</p>

      <p>The Water ouroboros’s head unleashed its breath at Dina, but while the breath was on course to hit her, it suddenly veered away into the void.</p>

      <p>“You’re far too naive, fool. As long as I’m around, no attack of yours will hit.”</p>

      <p>The voice belonged to Aquarius the Water Bearer, whose unique skill, Sadachbia, forced attacks to miss. As long as she was around, nothing but absolute-accuracy attacks would meet their target.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, Pisces,” said Sagittarius.</p>

      <p>“Why is it that I have to be teamed up with you at the end...?”</p>

      <p>Absolute accuracy was this man’s bread and butter. Sagittarius’s Al Nassr ignored distance to instantly pierce through its target. That alone wasn’t enough attack strength, but Pisces was there to fix that. His unique skill, Alrescha, allowed him to possess and control enemies or possess and strengthen allies.</p>

      <p>Pisces looked as if he truly loathed the idea, but he still possessed Sagittarius in order to dwell in his arrow.</p>

      <p>“Al Nassr!”</p>

      <p>The arrow Sagittarius let fly transformed into a dragon of water to bite into the Metal ouroboros, Sanieve. The Water dragon continued to tear away at the head, finally severing one of the Ouroboros of Heaven’s two. Even so, the ouroboros was still alive...but <em>she</em> would be going last.</p>

      <p>“As expected of my followers, who fill me with such pride. Well done! I can’t afford to put on a pathetic show like this.”</p>

      <p>Lufas laughed boldly as she spread her black wings. She unsealed her power, which she normally kept under wraps in order to not throw the world into chaos, becoming level 5100 in open defiance of the Goddess’s rules. Because she now possessed so much power, the dimension warped around her, causing the scenery to seem squashed. Though Lufas had returned the power she’d gained that could destroy entire universes in the Endpoint, because it would obviously only get in the way during daily life, she’d completely forgotten about the mana she’d taken from the ouroboroses and remained at level 5100.</p>

      <p>As an aside, the ouroboroses needed to source the mana for their revival from another universe, because Lufas had taken their mana. Thanks to that, apparently Mizgarz’s universe had gotten slightly closer to a completely unrelated place.</p>

      <p>“I was thinking I could just use one good-looking, tastefully selected skill here, but... Sorry. In the end, I’m the best with this,” Lufas said as she clenched her fist and took off.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>