<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="side1_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Sanieve held his hand over Virgo, who was assaulted with an intense sleepiness, making her eyelids heavy.</p>

      <p>Virgo was, in fact, level 1000, and though she was immature, she was still a member of the Imperial Thirteen Heavenly Stars. It was only natural that she was resistant to status effects, and sleep should not have worked on her. The fact that Sanieve had managed to pierce through those resistances was not normal.</p>

      <p><em>Se...i...</em></p>

      <p>Eventually, Virgo was unable to resist anymore and fell asleep, and Sanieve hugged her limp body close.<br/><br/></p>

      <p><b>ＥＸ－５</b></p>

      <p>In the past, the Goddess brought six ouroboroses, powerful dragons, into the world. They were arbitrators made to maintain this world’s balance, and each embodied one of the seven elements that existed in the world. The Ouroboros of the Sun, Ouroboros of the Moon, Ouroboros of Fire, Ouroboros of Earth, and Ouroboros of Wood all presided over their respective elements.</p>

      <p>Finally, there was the Goddess’s avatar, an offshoot of Alovenus born with her memories and a portion of her power in order to be her representative. As the leader of the ouroboroses, the avatar was given the two elements the Goddess preferred the most—the dual elements of Water and Metal. This ouroboros that would be the Goddess’s agent was given the name Ouroboros of Heaven in order to signify that it was filled with heavenly will.</p>

      <p>Though it was supposed to be something like a clone of the Goddess, the Ouroboros of Heaven was given a male’s body to further strengthen it in combat. However, that was most likely when everything started to go wrong. In order to better lead people, he was given the ability to see the color of their souls. Those who were just had souls that shone white, while evil people’s souls were stained black. This specific ability was chosen so that he could avoid judging those who were pure and judge those who were evil when no one else would. The mission given to him by the Goddess was to persecute the evil and protect the good.</p>

      <p>This was the second mistake. Because of those eyes, he ended up going down the wrong path. <em>Black, black, black</em>—<em>everyone, everywhere is black. </em>To him, the least objectionable souls were those of newborn children, who were born gray because of a lack of good or evil in them. As people grew, their souls gradually darkened, getting further and further from the ideal white. There were only a handful of souls that trended towards good. The vast majority were black, and they were both fleeting and weak.</p>

      <p>The ouroboros grieved. <em>Why are humans so wretched? Why do they so easily step onto the path of evil? </em></p>

      <p>The small section of good people became fodder because of their good nature, forced to suffer misfortune throughout their whole lives before dying without being rewarded for it. Meanwhile, the more skilled the evildoers were at deceiving and using others, the more they were able to heap misfortune on other people while they themselves were able to sip on sweet nectar and be happy. Justice did not win against evil. Whoever won became justice.</p>

      <p>The ouroboros was angry. <em>No, this is not how the world should be.</em></p>

      <p>Therefore, the ouroboros acted according to his duty and handed down judgment. He went on a rampage, heedless of what the Goddess had said, in an attempt to purge the world of black-souled people and only leave those with pure, white souls. However, if the evil people who comprised ninety-nine percent of the world had to be killed in order to save the just one percent, then the world of humans would no longer be able to function. It was true that those with just souls ought to be commended, but how could society and the whole of the human world be expected to survive if all who were left were babies and saints, who were unable to calculate profit and loss?</p>

      <p>The idea that if the world was only full of good people, then everyone would be happy was neither a good nor realistic outlook. In fact, it was only allowed in fairy tales for children. Reality was different. In reality, people who could calculate profit and loss and were able to make the heartless decisions that were sometimes necessary were needed to make the world turn. People were creatures with intelligence, and that came with a certain measure of malignancy. Having intelligence also meant having cunning. If evil were removed from people, then all that would remain were humans without intelligence, like Adam and Eve. They would no longer really be people. Instead, they’d be more like monkeys.</p>

      <p>Of course, that didn’t mean the truly incorrigibly evil fiends of the world should be respected. Humanity had its own rules—rules to protect the group, and rules that needed to be respected. These rules were called laws, and they had to be abided by. Those who couldn’t do so were free to be judged. All this meant was that those who couldn’t follow the rules were unneeded. This followed the rules of nature as well, as even in the animal kingdom, those outliers would be exiled from the group.</p>

      <p>From a different perspective, those who could follow the rules were deemed compatible, even if they were evil, and they would never be persecuted for it. If a hypocrite were to keep up their lies all the way to their death, fooling everyone, then they were no different from the real thing. On the other hand, if a person were to break the law and force their sense of justice onto others, then they would be deemed incompatible with society and tried for it, no matter how good their intentions were.</p>

      <p>In short, justice in the world of people was one of intelligence and reason. What was considered evil within it was basically just a lack of those qualities.</p>

      <p>The Ouroboros of Heaven did not understand that. He, who could see the color of a person’s soul, could only display his disgust at those who were evil while prizing those who were good. In a sense, he was pure.</p>

      <p>However, being pure was not an excuse. It didn’t matter what his motives were. Massacring the vast majority of people would make him a wicked deity rather than an agent of divinity, and his actions would be considered a curse rather than divine judgment. So, it was only natural that he be tried for his actions. Those who greatly deviated from the rules of the group would be eliminated. Not even an ouroboros was an exception.</p>

      <p>“That’s weird. Why did he fail so badly? Because he was a man? Because I gave him too much power? Or maybe because of his ability to see the color of people’s souls? Hmm... Well, whatever. Let’s just take this failure as a lesson for the future, and just get rid of him for now. Good work. Now it’s time to disappear.”</p>

      <p>The last thing he’d heard was the Goddess’ voice. The infuriatingly carefree notice was one of imminent, inescapable death.</p>

      <p>Just as Dina was unable to resist being taken over, he was unable to resist the Goddess’s will as her offshoot. As such, the poor ouroboros who idealized humanity too much was erased by the Goddess. Later, his name would be one-sidedly stolen by the Ouroboros of the Sun, who had taken over his position as leader of the ouroboroses.</p>

      <p>Later, Alovenus would create Eros as a test attempt at an Ouroboros of Water, but in the end, he was a failure who would escape as well. As a result, the Goddess finally achieved balance by creating an avatar after omitting their role as an Ouroboros, shaving off a lot of power, and making their gender and personality as close to her own as possible. The newest iteration of those avatars was Dina, which meant that even all that didn’t stop them from rebelling against her. This Goddess could truly do no right.</p>

      <p>However, the Ouroboros of Heaven—rather, the former Ouroboros of Heaven—was not fully dead. He had all his mana taken from him and was destroyed as both the Goddess’s offshoot and as an ouroboros. However, his human part was left alive, so he managed to barely survive.</p>

      <p>When creating avatars, the Goddess would always birth them from human hosts. He had human parents, just like Dina. He was different from the other ouroboroses, who had been fully formed from nothing. He was birthed as a human in order to better understand his role as a child of divinity, and so he could be closer to humanity as a whole, blending in with them. This, in turn, saved him from a tight spot.</p>

      <p>However, even though he’d survived, he lost all his power. On top of that, he would surely be completely erased if he were to ever be found by Alovenus, so he had no choice but to run and hide disgracefully. Unable to go out and interact with the world at large, the only way he was allowed to spend his days was in hiding, scared of the Goddess’s wrath.</p>

      <p>Normally, this would be the end of it. He would have most likely just spent eternity unable to act, with hiding as his only recourse. At first, unable to fully give up, he had used what little remaining power as the Goddess’s avatar he had left to stop his own time, indefinitely lengthening his life span in a bid to survive. <em>One day, my chance will come</em>,<em> </em>he believed<em>. One day, I will be able to make a comeback.</em></p>

      <p>However, a hundred years passed. Then a thousand, ten thousand, and eventually resignation took over his heart. <em>This was all just impossible from the beginning. Even the ouroboroses are basically dust in front of the Goddess. Not just the ouroboroses—even Mizgarz and the rest of the universe are just a speck to her. How am I supposed to win against someone like that? I, who lost all his power as an ouroboros and more?</em></p>

      <p>This resignation sapped him of all hope, and eventually, he allowed his own time to move again. He had a long life span, but as a living creature with his internal time in motion, he would eventually reach the end of his life span. Either that, or he would starve and die.</p>

      <p>Having fully sunk into despair, he sought a peaceful end as a base creature. If he had been left alone, the man would surely have died with no one noticing. The man himself also considered that to be a fine option.</p>

      <p><em>There is no hope in the world of man, no justice, and my very reason for existing was rejected by the Goddess. There is nothing I want, and nothing of beauty exists in the world. So it would be best for me to just disappear like this... </em>he thought.</p>

      <p>“Um... Dina?”</p>

      <p>That was why the voice he’d heard was like the gospel of happiness come to his side.</p>

      <p>Having put up a human-repellent barrier, no one should have been able to get close. However, the girl had a bracelet that would locate an agent of the Goddess and warp her there. The bracelet had led Virgo to him, who possessed the same signature as Dina.</p>

      <p>Seeing the girl, the man’s breath caught in his throat. <em>How beautiful</em>,<em> </em>he thought.<em> </em>He wasn’t looking at her face or figure. The soul he saw was whiter than any he’d ever seen.</p>

      <p>The shock that ran through him was like lightning. For the first time since his birth, he’d fallen in love with somebody. For the first time, he’d found something or somebody he wanted.</p>

      <p>The time spent talking with the girl, Virgo, became an irreplaceable treasure to the man, and every day he waited in anticipation for her arrival. This might even have been the first time he felt that being alive was a good thing, as well as the first time he’d ever felt happiness.</p>

      <p>She made him happy, brought joy to his life, and allowed him the experience of having fun. The will to live, which he’d lost, came bubbling back within him. <em>I want to look at that smile forever, </em>he thought.</p>

      <p>When she joyfully spoke about another man named “Minamijuujisei,” he finally realized that he was in love with her and realized what jealousy felt like. And yes, when she came to him with tears in her eyes, he realized what anger and hatred felt like.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, I see now. No wonder they’re all stained black. </em>The fact that such overflowing, uncontrollable emotion even existed inside of him surprised the man. <em>I want her to remain smiling forever</em>,<em> </em>he thought.<em> I never want to see her cry.</em></p>

      <p>That was why he couldn’t forgive the man who had brought her to tears. Hearing that this man’s life span would mean leaving Virgo behind soon made that feeling even worse. Someday, she would again be left crying. Someday, when she lost this man, she would be left wailing in lament.</p>

      <p>He paused. <em>Unforgivable. This mustn’t be allowed to happen</em>,<em> </em>he thought.</p>

      <p>That was why the man—Sanieve—resolved the following. <em>I will protect this girl’s smile, even if I have to kidnap her to do it. The world doesn’t matter anymore. </em>He no longer cared what happened to Mizgarz, what the Goddess thought, or anything else. To Sanieve, neither his mission as an ouroboros nor his mission as an agent of divinity was worth thinking about anymore.</p>

      <p><em>I can live for just one person. If I have the strength to protect this girl, that’s fine with me.</em></p>

      <p>So, Sanieve put Virgo to sleep, deciding to forcefully take her along with him. <em>She might resent me for this, but that’s fine with me. She might even come to hate me, but that too is... No, I don’t think I’d like that. Just imagining it has me close to tears. Still, I can do anything for her. I can become a demon for her. I can make the entire world my enemy. I can even face down the Goddess. For this girl’s smile, I would happily become hated by everyone else. Yes, let’s turn the world into an enemy.</em></p>

      <p>Sanieve looked down at the sleeping girl lovingly. Then, he brought his lips close to hers...</p>

      <p>He hesitated. “No, this isn’t gentlemanly. It must be mutual.”</p>

      <p>As if swearing to protect her, he brought his lips to the back of her hand.</p>

      <p>After that, he used his powers as an offshoot of the Goddess to read Virgo’s memories, taking special care to avoid her more private moments.</p>

      <p><em>As I am now, I can’t just take her away. I don’t have the power.</em></p>

      <p>According to Virgo, there were many other level 1000 monsters in this age besides her. Sanieve was not so arrogant as to believe that he could escape from them, so he searched through Virgo’s memories for something that would allow him to retake his complete form. What he wanted was something akin to a lump of high-purity mana. If Sanieve could get his hands on that, he might even be able to reconstruct his ouroboros body. <em>But there’s no way something like that would just be conveniently...</em></p>

      <p>“There is one,” Sanieve said after a moment’s pause.</p>

      <p>Sanieve had found high-purity mana just conveniently lying around. This was not just a turn of phrase. The item he was looking for had truly just been dumped on the ground as if it didn’t matter. It was on the moon, in the back of a storeroom in Maphaahl Tower.</p>

      <p>Knowing an especially dangerous item such as this was treated like trash made Sanieve’s head hurt. On the other hand, that also meant that Virgo’s master was insane enough to just stuff something like that in the back of a storeroom. Sanieve was lucky that Virgo had remembered it, and he was equally lucky that her master had seemed to have forgotten it.</p>

      <p>Sanieve carefully created a crack in space—an Exgate—and shoved his hand through it. <em>Quickly, before anyone notices but without hurrying. </em>In basically an instant, he had taken what he wanted from the storeroom and closed the gate. What he had in his hands was something that Lufas had created some time ago and completely forgotten about—a golden apple.<br/><br/></p>

      <p><b>ＥＸ－６</b></p>

      <p>Sanieve was an ouroboros. More specifically, he was an avatar with the powers of an ouroboros. He’d gone against the Goddess’s wishes in the past and committed a purge, resulting in Alovenus taking his title and power. Having had his mana taken from him, Sanieve had lost his strength, falling lower than the level of the Seven Luminaries.</p>

      <p>There was no way for him to recover from this, and he could do nothing but slowly rot—or that was how it should have been. All this was only because he’d lost his mana. If he were to regain his mana, he could easily recover his power. However, if he were to try to gather enough mana to reconstruct the power of an ouroboros, then even someone as careless as the Goddess would notice the discrepancy, and he would be found. That was why he was stuck. There was truly no recourse.</p>

      <p>However, a method for him to regain his former glory did exist through the properties of a golden apple, the forbidden fruit that the Goddess should have stripped humanity of in the past. The fruit, which held a massive amount of mana, allowed Sanieve to quickly revive his body. His powers as an agent of divinity and his strength as an ouroboros returned with every bite.</p>

      <p>Even with his strength completely returned, however, there were too many monstrously strong beings in Mizgarz. There were the Devil King, the Goddess’s current avatar, the Demon Lord, the Fairy Princess, the King of the Ocean, the Lion King, and the rest of the Imperial Thirteen Heavenly Stars. Not to mention the Wise King, the Sky King, the Vampire Princess, and all the heroes of two hundred years ago. Most of all: the Black-Winged Conqueror.</p>

      <p>Sanieve was not so arrogant as to believe that he could take all of them on and win. Not even he, who had the strength of two ouroboroses, could defeat all of those figures head-on. So, Sanieve took Virgo and disappeared from Mizgarz.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>That day, Japan—or rather, Earth—was covered in dark clouds. These clouds traversed continents, making it almost look like the stars themselves had started to orbit at great speed as the swirling something blocked out the sunlight, trapping the Earth in darkness. At first, people only thought that today’s weather was terrible. They eventually realized that something abnormal was going on, however, and when the representatives of each country looked at the images relayed to them by their artificial satellites, they collapsed in fear.</p>

      <p>There was an insanely large snake—or rather, dragon—swirling around the Earth, covering it. There was no way for them to hide this information, no matter how great each country was at such a thing. This unprecedented news spread throughout the world like lightning, shaking people to their core.</p>

      <p>Of course, humanity retaliated against this threat. Armies all over the world mobilized, forming a united front and launching their fighters. They slammed all the firepower they could into the dragon, and they even unsealed their nuclear weapons. However, none of it worked. No matter what they did, the dragon remained, totally unmoved as it ensconced the Earth.</p>

      <p>Nobody knew exactly what was going on. The situation far outstripped their comprehension, and to anyone’s knowledge, it was physically impossible for anything this large to exist. Only a small number of people accurately understood the situation.</p>

      <p>“What...the hell is that...?”</p>

      <p>Sei looked up at the sky, staring dazedly at this impossible situation. He knew what it was; it was an ouroboros, something which he’d seen a year ago in the final fight for Mizgarz. It was also a monster among monsters, one which, even if everything in the world turned upside down, he would still not be able to win against. What confused him was the question of why one was in this dimension, surrounding Earth.</p>

      <p><em>Wasn’t it all supposed to be over?</em> Alovenus, who was the source of it all, had been defeated, and the conflict should have been over. Even then, not even Alovenus would do something like involving Earth in her problems.</p>

      <p>“Sei, my B O O O O Y!”</p>

      <p>“Karkinos!”</p>

      <p>The man from another world ran to Sei, who knew of his circumstances. It seemed Karkinos hadn’t expected this situation either, as his expression betrayed his panic and impatience.</p>

      <p>“What is going on?!”</p>

      <p>“How should I know?! That’s an ouroboros, isn’t it?!” Sei asked.</p>

      <p>“Y E S! But...it is different from the ouroboroses that W E fought...” Karkinos said, trailing off. “In the first place, there’s no way Miss Lufas would allow this.”</p>

      <p>The ouroboroses were arbitrators who moved on the Goddess’s orders. However, the Goddess was now under Lufas’s command. There was no way she would allow something as reckless as this. That meant there were only two possibilities left. Either the Goddess had ignored Lufas and gone on another rampage, or this ouroboros had ignored the Goddess. Either way, there could be no worse situation.</p>

      <p>If the ouroboros had appeared over Mizgarz, there would have been no problem. Lufas would have quickly suppressed it with ease, and though it may have taken some time to fully resolve the situation, the people of that world were used to such strange occurrences. However, this was Earth, not some fantasy world. The people of this world were not equipped to deal with such a ridiculous situation, nor could they understand and adapt to it. On top of that, no matter what weapons they brought to bear, they would not be able to defeat the ouroboros.</p>

      <p>Right now, Karkinos was the only one present who might have been able to deal with the ouroboros, but it would be too hard a prospect on his own.</p>

      <p>“At any rate, we should wait and see what happens first,” Karkinos suggested. “Miss Lufas and the others should notice what’s going on soon. If we wait for them to counterattack...”</p>

      <p>“That will not be possible,” an unfamiliar male voice said, interrupting.</p>

      <p>The owner of the voice boasted clearly unreal beauty, and there was no way he was Japanese. He also held Virgo—who was in a deep sleep—in his arms.</p>

      <p>“Virgo!”</p>

      <p>The moment he saw that, Sei jumped forth as if someone had lit a fire under him. However, Sei’s hand never reached his target, as he was stopped and repelled by an invisible wall. He was thrown away so powerfully that he crashed into a nearby parked car, toppling it with his momentum. When he finally stopped and managed to get up, Sei was unsteady on his feet.</p>

      <p>“So you are Minamijuuji...Sei?”</p>

      <p>“Ghh... Th-That’s right. Who are you? What are you planning to do with Virgo?!”</p>

      <p>“Hmm...”</p>

      <p>Sanieve looked at Sei appraisingly for a moment before sighing in what seemed like utter disappointment.</p>

      <p>“The color of your soul is somewhat white...but you are very average. Nothing about you stands out. I cannot understand why you are so beloved by Virgo.”</p>

      <p>“Answer my question!” Sei yelled.</p>

      <p>“I will not do anything. She is important to me too. I promise I will treat her courteously,” Sanieve said as he stroked Virgo’s hair lovingly. “I only came here to hand you a declaration.”</p>

      <p>“What...?”</p>

      <p>“I will be taking Virgo. You are not worthy of her.”</p>

      <p>What Sanieve said dyed Sei’s expression with anger. Of course it would. Some unknown man had just shown up, holding the girl he loved, and declared that he would be taking her. Even Sei, with his mild and normally peaceful demeanor, would rise to violence over something like that.</p>

      <p>“Quite the one-sided conversation for someone who just dropped in out of nowhere. I don’t know you. Just who do you think you are?” Karkinos asked.</p>

      <p>“Your level...” Sanieve said after a pause. “I surmise you are one of the Imperial Thirteen Heavenly Stars?”</p>

      <p>“Oh? So you’ve heard of M E. But it’s not fair that you know me, and I don’t know you. Would you do me the favor of introducing yourself?” Karkinos asked, trying to mask it as a joke.</p>

      <p>What Karkinos really wanted at the moment was information. Knowing why wouldn’t solve anything. What was important was the identity of the man, what powers he had, and what his goal was. The first thing Karkinos needed to do was gather as much of that information as possible.</p>

      <p>“My name is Sanieve. In the past, I had the title of the Ouroboros of Heaven.”</p>

      <p>“Ouroboros of Heaven...? H A H A H A. N I C E J O K E! M E knew the Ouroboros of Heaven, and he was not you.”</p>

      <p>“I suppose you’re speaking of the Ouroboros of the Sun? He just happened to be the one who was given leadership of the ouroboroses after my fall. That’s all,” explained Sanieve.</p>

      <p>That gave Karkinos pause. <em>Is this man’s true body the two-headed ouroboros swirling above?</em></p>

      <p>Two-headed. Not two ouroboroses, but one with two heads, though it might have been clearer to call it twin-headed. At first, Karkinos thought that there were two ouroboroses up above, but that wasn’t the case. It was a single ouroboros with the power of two. This meant that what the man was talking about had some credibility to it.</p>

      <p><em>Now that I think about it, there wasn’t much difference between the Ouroboros of the Sun and the rest of the ouroboroses, even though he claimed to be the leader. Actually, wasn’t the Ouroboros of Earth stronger? So, what if there is another Ouroboros of Heaven, one who is clearly even stronger than the other ouroboroses?</em></p>

      <p>Supporting this theory was the fact that the group of ouroboroses clearly had two elements missing. It was said that Dina, the Goddess’s avatar, filled that hole, but there was clearly a large gap in power between her and the ouroboroses. However, if there had been ouroboroses of Water and Metal long before her time, and those ouroboroses had had a leader, then everything made sense.</p>

      <p>“So, what do you want to accomplish, laying your hands on an unrelated world like this?”</p>

      <p>“Mizgarz is already in the Goddess’s hands. It is not a world I can do anything with or affect in any way, so I decided to make this world my new home and become its deity. And I will make Virgo my spouse. She will preside over this world with me as its goddess.”</p>

      <p>“Are you sure you can do such a thing?” asked Karkinos. “You don’t understand the current Mizgarz. I believe you’re going to be K I L L E D by Miss Lufas and the other Thirteen Stars right away.”</p>

      <p>“I can. That is my ability, after all,” said Sanieve.</p>

      <p>All the ouroboroses had a unique skill with the same name but different effects. The skill’s name: Ouroboros. It was the skill that had caused the Thirteen Stars a lot of trouble a while ago. Of course, Sanieve had the same skill.</p>

      <p>“Be at ease. My unique ability is not an offensive one. The skill is one meant for protecting the world. By covering the world with my ouroboros’s body made of mana, I can submerge myself and the world with me between dimensions to prevent all aggression. That is the effect of my skill, Ouroboros. Nobody can find a hidden world that is constantly moving, unseen and undetected.”</p>

      <p><em>That’s more troublesome than I could have ever imagined</em>,<em> </em>Karkinos groaned.</p>

      <p>Alovenus was on the same side as Lufas, and as long as the Goddess was around, they could deal with most problems. However, the Goddess was neither omnipotent nor omniscient. She had the weakness of being so extradimensionally large in the scale of her existence that she found herself unable to focus on the small details. That was why she had overlooked and fallen to Lufas’s plan, as well as why she had been unable to immediately find Dina when she hid.</p>

      <p>Asking Alovenus to find a world that was constantly flowing between dimensions was like asking someone to find a microbe that had jumped into a flowing river. It was possible for her to simply blow the entire river away and kill Sanieve along with everything else, but finding Sanieve alone would be a very tall order.</p>

      <p>In the first place, Lufas and the others were in another dimension. Though they would immediately notice if something was wrong in their world, they weren’t constantly monitoring the goings-on of this dimension, so it would probably take quite a while for them to notice any problems here. They would most likely look this way eventually, worried that neither Virgo nor Karkinos had come back for a while, but that could take days.</p>

      <p>Still, there was something Karkinos had understood after that exchange. Unlike other ouroboroses, Sanieve’s main body was not the dragon up in the sky. His main body was actually the man standing in front of them.</p>

      <p>“And...”</p>

      <p>Sanieve used another skill. When he did, the people, towns, and the entirety of Japan—or rather, the entirety of Earth—became encapsulated in gold, transforming them into silent and still golden statues. The invasion of gold swallowed the entire world in an instant, after which the only ones left active were Sei and Karkinos.</p>

      <p>“This is also my skill, Ouroboros. It identifies the citizens of the world I protect and transforms them into golden statues. People commit sins because they are people, so as long as they are inactive statues, no one will come to harm, and no one will cause harm. Those who became gold will crumble away into the earth after a cycle of this planet (twenty-four hours), and new life will bud from the loam. This planet has been a mite too greedy. I will erase everything, returning things to what it once was, and changing it into a beautiful world for my Goddess and I to reign over.”</p>

      <p>“Wha...?!”</p>

      <p>“However, I will give you a chance. Even if you are rotten, you are the man Virgo chose...” Sanieve admitted. “I would experience some regret if I were to move forward with this course of action without claiming victory over you in some way. That is also the reason why I have told you of my abilities. So, I challenge you to battle. Try to retake Virgo from me in the time it takes for this world to come to ruin.”</p>

      <p>The outcome of this fight was already set in stone. There was no way for Sei to defeat an ouroboros. True, he’d gotten stronger in Mizgarz, but his strength was still within the reasonable realm of a biological, living being. There was no way he could fight against an ouroboros, who had far exceeded the territory of a natural creature. The reason why Sanieve had excluded both Sei and Karkinos from his ability was simply that he was confident he could win anyway.</p>

      <p>“Well then, Minamijuuji Sei. Spend your last day alive in my jaws, knowing you are not worthy of Virgo.”</p>

      <p>In the end, it seemed Sanieve had no intention of participating in an actual contest. He just wanted to torment Sei and make him feel his own powerlessness. <em>You’re a man who can’t even rescue Virgo. </em>Sanieve wanted to shove this point in Sei’s face.</p>

      <p>After looking down upon and scoffing scornfully at Sei, who was already looking defeated and in despair, Sanieve disappeared.<br/><br/></p>

      <p><b>ＥＸ－７</b></p>

      <p>The situation was almost the worst possible. Sanieve’s strength was above that of the ouroboroses they’d fought before. Meanwhile, only Sei and Karkinos were present to oppose him. There was no way for them to win.</p>

      <p>The time limit for victory was twenty-four hours. Once that passed, the entire world would disappear. The chances of outside reinforcements arriving was basically none. There was even a chance that Lufas and the others hadn’t even noticed something was going on. Even if they had, it would be difficult to catch Sanieve, who was continually running through and hiding in different dimensions. If Taurus were here instead of Karkinos, they would have still had a chance. His skill-breaking attack, Aldebaran, could forcefully end Sanieve’s skill if it hit. However, Karkinos had no such ability. In short, they had to either stop Sanieve’s skill or somehow alert Lufas and the others from the inside and tell them where Sanieve was.</p>

      <p>“Now then, what should we do...?”</p>

      <p>Karkinos looked up at the sky, troubled. In terms of final outcomes, Sanieve would definitely lose. Lufas and the others would always catch up to him eventually, no matter how he tried to run. It might take a month, or it might take only a week. However, if it took even a day, Earth would be destroyed. In order to prevent that, Sei and Karkinos had to figure out a way to resolve the situation themselves.</p>

      <p>Sanieve wouldn’t give them time to think of a plan of action though.</p>

      <p>“Sei, my B O Y! Over here!”</p>

      <p>Karkinos pulled on Sei’s arm.</p>

      <p>A bullet pierced through the area Sei had just been occupying right afterwards. When he looked back, he saw that policemen who’d been turned into golden statues were discharging their firearms at him. It wasn’t just the police either. Everybody was heading towards Sei and Karkinos with empty looks on their faces.</p>

      <p>“This is...” Sei trailed off.</p>

      <p>“He most likely has the ability to control those he turns into golden statues, which means O U R enemies are...this entire world!” said Karkinos.</p>

      <p>At the moment, the entire world was under Sanieve’s control via his skill, meaning everything was moving as he wished.</p>

      <p>A fighter jet passed overhead with the explosive sound of a sonic boom, firing its cannons at them, heedless of the fact that they were in an urban area. Sei dodged the fire and slammed a kick into the vehicle. However, nothing happened. Sei’s blow, which would normally have effortlessly broken through a fighter’s thin shell, was easily turned aside by its surface this time as it settled its sights on him.</p>

      <p>Karkinos’s scissors followed up in a sweeping slice, though, and the fighter was bisected. A stiff, golden pilot was ejected, falling to the ground with a metallic sound. This would normally have resulted in instant death, but the goldification actually worked in Sei and Karkinos’s favor here, as it protected the pilot.</p>

      <p>“Sei, my B O Y, where’s your weapon?!” asked Karkinos. “You should still have the sword gifted to you by Miss Lufas, right?”</p>

      <p>“I left that in my house! You can’t just bring a sword around with you in Japan!”</p>

      <p>“O H M Y G O D! Seriously?!”</p>

      <p>Having landed on the ground, Sei took off running. They were in the middle of a city. Fighting here would cause too much damage.</p>

      <p>Hordes of SDF soldiers ran after the two, probably having come from a nearby base. Sei looked for an area where they could safely intercept these enemies, but unlike Mizgarz, Japan was packed full of buildings and civilization. Being able to look around and have no buildings in sight was rare. When it came to cities, such places were basically nonexistent.</p>

      <p>“First, let’s figure out what we know. Right now, that ouroboros is swirling over this world, closing it off from the outside. We cannot hope for Miss Lufas and the others to notice if we don’t do something about that.”</p>

      <p>Karkinos batted away all the bullets they were taking from SDF machine gunners’ strafing fire, the resultant wind knocking them all down. Following that, an RPG came flying at them, which was promptly kicked off course. In the following opening, Sei jumped in and knocked the offending SDF soldier down.</p>

      <p>“But either way, W E do not possess the ability to do anything about that. Still, if his explanation is correct, that is a body created from mana... And if it’s made from mana, we can put a hole in it.”</p>

      <p>“I see!” Sei exclaimed. “Virgo’s...”</p>

      <p>“That’s right! It would be possible with her Vindemiatrix!”</p>

      <p>Virgo’s unique skill, Vindemiatrix, dispersed mana unconditionally, making it an antimagic skill without parallel. There were cases where it would take some time before the mana disappeared, because of the amount being dispersed, but even then, they should be able to put in a small hole through the ouroboros by Karkinos’s estimation.</p>

      <p>“Basically, what W E need to do is wake up Virgo.”</p>

      <p>“But how?!”</p>

      <p>“That’s simple, of course! Since ancient times, a sleeping princess has been woken up by a prince’s kiss. That is what I’ve learned from this world’s culture,” Karkinos said.</p>

      <p>“What?!” yelled Sei.</p>

      <p>Karkinos’s sudden and seemingly baseless suggestion made Sei turn red. <em>What the hell is this man spouting in such a serious situation?! </em>However, Karkinos looked surprisingly serious, though he’d said it jokingly.</p>

      <p>“Listen here, Sei, my B O Y. Virgo is undoubtedly asleep because of something our enemy’s done. However, she has very high resistances. With all the fuss that’s going on, she would normally have gotten up long ago. So why is she still asleep? M E thinks that it’s because she doesn’t want to wake up...wouldn’t you say?”</p>

      <p>Karkinos ran, speeding through the cityscape faster than Sei’s eyes could keep up with, leaving behind silver flashes that each spelled the bisection of a tank or fighter jet. After rendering those gems of modern weapons technology powerless, Karkinos once again returned to Sei’s side.</p>

      <p>“Virgo doesn’t want to face reality. She doesn’t want to hear the continuation of what you were about to say before... Those feelings of hers are keeping her asleep, so there is O N L Y O N E solution!”</p>

      <p>While Karkinos was talking, he grabbed Sei and one of the SDF officers. He jumped, first from building to building, then gradually onto even taller structures. Karkinos didn’t possess the ability to fly. However, his high physical ability allowed him to reach the ouroboros if he made full use of it.</p>

      <p>After making a final leap, Karkinos dropped the SDF soldier he’d grabbed when he was about to stall in the air and used him as a footstool for another jump. <em>This is fine. He’s turned to gold, so even if he falls, he won’t die... Probably...</em></p>

      <p>He managed to reach the ouroboros with this second jump, landing on its too-huge mass.</p>

      <p>“So you’ve come,” Sanieve said, appearing before them.</p>

      <p>Virgo was laid down behind him, breathing gently in her sleep. There was no sign of her waking up on her own.</p>

      <p>“But just because you are here does not mean you’ve won,” Sanieve continued. “It is time for you to be forced to acknowledge your own powerlessness.”</p>

      <p>“Now then... Why don’t we just see about that?!”</p>

      <p>Karkinos jumped forward, swiping with his scissor blades. His attack surpassed not only the speed of sound but also the speed of lightning, and Sei couldn’t even see it happen. In the end, however, Karkinos’s role in the Thirteen Stars was as a shield. He was not suited for offense. Although he wasn’t suited for attacking, he was certainly strong, and his attacks were still more than enough to exterminate most enemies despite that disadvantage.</p>

      <p>Still, his enemy right now was even stronger than the Thirteen Stars. His blades, which looked like they’d hit square on, only managed to leave behind a small scratch on Sanieve, leaving Karkinos shocked silent.</p>

      <p>“This is the skill Muliphen,” Sanieve explained. “Only representatives of the Goddess are allowed to have it. I have just placed a limit upon you.”</p>

      <p>Mizgarz was a world bound by gamelike laws imposed by the Goddess. Vitality was represented by an easy-to-understand HP metric, as was the damage inflicted on others. Normally, no such convenient thing existed. Imagine, for example, a random person with 100 HP. If they were to be struck by a baby, they would lose 1 HP. That would mean if they were struck one hundred times by a baby, they would die. In what kind of ridiculous world would that ever happen? However, Mizgarz was just such a world where something like this was made reality, and its people were forced to live under those silly laws.</p>

      <p>Finally, the Goddess had given the denizens of the world a “limit wall.” It was a shackle placed upon them so that no matter how strong they got, they would never break the world itself. It also ensured that no matter how powerful they were, they would never deal more than 99,999 damage in a single blow. Because of that, even Leon, who was supposed to boast the most power among all the Thirteen Stars, could not destroy a planet in one attack. In this way, the limit that Sanieve had placed on Karkinos was even lower, limiting the damage Karkinos could do to only four digits—in other words, 9,999 damage.</p>

      <p>“Morning Venus,” Sanieve declared, his cold voice announcing the activation of his magic.</p>

      <p>As soon as those words came out of his mouth, golden shooting stars fell from a void, colliding with Sanieve’s ouroboros body one after the other. Karkinos grabbed Sei and proceeded to dodge the falling masses. Meanwhile, Virgo was protected by Sanieve’s barrier.</p>

      <p>Also, none of the shooting stars even left a scratch on the ouroboros. Of course they didn’t. The ouroboros was aligned with the Metal element. What reason would there be for it to take damage from its own element?</p>

      <p>“Hermes, Who is Thrice Mighty.”</p>

      <p>Three magic circles were deployed around Karkinos in an attempt to make escape impossible, and. enough water to swallow a city whole crashed down upon Karkinos from those magic circles. Though he managed to react and jumped into the air to escape, it seemed Sanieve had seen that coming, as he was waiting.</p>

      <p>“Oceanus.”</p>

      <p>All the water created by his casting of Hermes, Who is Thrice Mighty converged in Sanieve’s hand, changing into a superdense water bullet. Karkinos managed to react to this development as well, covering Sei with his own body. Even so, he could not absorb all the force behind the spell, and they were sent flying. After being slammed into the scales of the ouroboros, they tumbled over onto the same body, which served as their ground.</p>

      <p>“Did you seriously think that you could do something about my main body, even if you couldn’t affect the ouroboros? Absurd. The likes of you two don’t even deserve my powers as an ouroboros.”</p>

      <p>After a pause, Karkinos laughed. “Heh... Heh heh...”</p>

      <p>The situation was overwhelmingly dire. However, Karkinos wore a bold smile as he stood.</p>

      <p>“How strange... The strength of your magic isn’t nearly as much as I’d suspected, given how much power I can feel from you. In fact, you went through the trouble of recycling the mana you used with your casting of Hermes, Who is Thrice Mighty... That’s funny.”</p>

      <p>Sanieve remained silent.</p>

      <p>“Could it be...you don’t have enough mana?” asked Karkinos. “Maybe you have your hands full just maintaining this ouroboros form? After all, this isn’t the same universe that the Goddess created. I’m sure you can only benefit from the small pittance flowing over from there.”</p>

      <p>The universe that the Earth inhabited was the Goddess’s home universe. That was why it contained no mana, which was basically her power given form. Some had flowed into the universe thanks to Lufas’s and Dina’s frequent comings and goings, but that was only a minuscule amount. Just like how the Earth ouroboros had become unable to use magic after Aigokeros had sucked up all the mana for his own use in that past fight, magic was unusable without mana. That was why Sanieve was unable to use truly powerful magic.</p>

      <p>“But there’s an easy way to fix that. Why not just connect an Exgate to the other side? If you do that, you can obtain as much mana as you please.”</p>

      <p>“Heh... What an obvious attempt to goad me. If I do that, they’ll notice me. Is that your plan? I won’t fall for a move as obvious as that.”</p>

      <p>“Oh my. Too bad.”</p>

      <p>“Not to mention...magic is not my only method of attack,” said Sanieve.</p>

      <p>“I figured.”</p>

      <p>Fighter jets came one after the other from a gap in the ouroboros body that covered Earth. Each one of them shined gold, showing that they were massively strengthened by Sanieve.</p>

      <p>Karkinos would most likely not die, even to a nuclear missile. In fact, there would be almost no damage at all. However, things were different if it was powered up by Sanieve. Missiles were continuously fired at Karkinos, who was forced to dodge and run through the firestorm of explosions.</p>

      <p>“I’ll let you know that I know your plan already. You are distracting me so that Sei can rescue Virgo.”</p>

      <p>To someone as strong as Sanieve, Sei was not worth paying attention to. He was so weak and frail that it wouldn’t be strange if someone like Sanieve had already forgotten him entirely. However, that was only if they were facing someone else. He considered Sei his enemy in love, someone he had to bury in order to make Virgo his. That was why he never ignored Sei nor did he take the boy lightly. Most importantly, he would never allow Virgo to fall into his hands. That was why he gently picked Virgo up and flew her to the front of the ouroboros’s face.</p>

      <p>“My weakness is obviously that everything is over if you defeat my main body. However, I will not underestimate you two. So, let’s have my weakness disappear here.”</p>

      <p><em>This is the worst thing that could happen...! </em>Karkinos thought.</p>

      <p>Their one saving grace against the Ouroboros of Heaven was that, unlike other ouroboroses, he had a clear weakness. However, Sanieve knew about that and was about to disappear. He would rid himself of his weakness by hiding inside the ouroboros’s body... On top of that, Virgo would be out of reach.</p>

      <p>It was already too late because Sanieve had already entered the ouroboros’s mouth, which closed tightly afterwards.</p>

      <p>“Th-This is...bad... Actually, it’s more like we might already be in checkmate.”</p>

      <p>“Say it isn’t so!”</p>

      <p>“Oh man. Killing a two-headed ouroboros alone is a little too heavy, even for M E,” admitted Karkinos.</p>

      <p>Though Karkinos acted like a fool a lot, he was not just a foolish man. He was able to accurately compare the difference in strength between him and his opponent, and he had the brains to be able to calmly think and plan during battle. Now, both Karkinos’s brain and all the experience he’d gained up to this point were saying the same thing: <em>Oh, this just became impossible.</em></p>

      <p>Sanieve was in hiding, and there was no method they could use to take back Virgo. The ouroboros might spit them out if it was dealt enough damage, but neither of them had the means to do so. On top of that, Karkinos had an extra limit wall placed on him, so he was now unable to do any real damage to the ouroboros at all.</p>

      <p>Karkinos paused. <em>It’s checkmate. No matter how much I think about it, it’s impossible.</em></p>

      <p>Now that it’d come to this, Karkinos had silently and emotionlessly accepted this reality, and his mind started to shift into trying to figure out a way for him, Virgo, and Sei to somehow survive. If they were to bide their time, Lufas would eventually notice and come to help. If Karkinos could just protect Sei until that time came, the three of them would at least be safe. Sanieve treated Virgo as if she were very precious, so there was most likely no need to worry about her.</p>

      <p><em>The Earth</em>—<em>I should just give up on that front. It’ll be destroyed, but I just can’t think of a way to save everything at this point. But I’m sure if I say that to Sei, he won’t understand, which means that I’ll...have to resort to force. I’m going to force Sei to run and abandon the Earth.</em></p>

      <p><em>Sei will probably hold a grudge against me if I do this, but that’s fine in this situation</em>,<em> </em>he thought.<em> I know I just said that playing the heel is just an empty rationalization the other day, but I seriously can’t think of any other way. Right, as long as some unexpected miracle doesn’t happen...</em></p>

      <p>“■■■■■■■■...”</p>

      <p>Something howled.</p>

      <p>The ominous sound echoed from the depths of the Earth. Just hearing it threw the spirits of the listener into disarray. It was a dreadfully repulsive noise. The ground shook, as did the air and sea. Then, from the bottom of the ocean, a tentacle suddenly appeared to spear through the body of the ouroboros.</p>

      <p><b>ＥＸ－８</b></p>

      <p>He had once lived in the deepest parts of Mizgarz’s ocean. In fact, he wasn’t even entirely certain whether he could be classified as a biological creature. At the very least, he was strange enough to shake the foundations of common sense on Earth.</p>

      <p>In the deepest, darkest depths of the sea, he had carried out his own evolution through the use of mana. His form became so repulsive and fearsome that it eroded the sanity of those who even looked at it. His cry broke the hearts and minds of those who heard it as well. He was a monster that had not been born from the Goddess’s will. Though he was more powerful than the Dragon King and surpassed the Lion King, he still managed to live in secret from the Goddess, free from ambition.</p>

      <p>Eventually, he clashed with the King of the Ocean, Pisces, who shared the same space as him, and was exiled into space by his compatriot, the Demon Lord Aigokeros—or that was how it should have been, at least. However, he had survived thanks to his near-bottomless vitality, which effectively granted him immortality, and he eventually crossed the barrier between universes and landed on the safe space of Earth.</p>

      <p>To him, the Earth was a paradise. Both the waters and the air were polluted, and most importantly, there was no one to threaten him. In opposition to his fearsome appearance, he was a being that lacked ambition and drive, so instead of rampaging around Earth, he simply spent his time peacefully in the ocean.</p>

      <p>That was exactly why the wicked god Thulhu, who had crossed over from Mizgarz and made Earth his home, was angry.</p>

      <p>“■■■■■■—!!!”</p>

      <p>In a sense, it was fortunate that the entire world had been turned to gold. If things were operating as normal, the cry of the wicked god would have turned all of humanity insane with fear and panic.</p>

      <p>The angered and frenzied wicked god trod over entire towns, crushed tanks, and swatted away fighters as he looked up at the ouroboros. <em>Unforgivable! I will never forgive that dragon, coming here to disturb my peace and threatening this nice home of mine!</em></p>

      <p>The wicked god, who had, in the past, managed to fight evenly with three members of the Conquering Thirteen Heavenly Stars—namely Libra, Aigokeros, and Pisces—struck forth with his many tentacles in an attempt to finish off the ouroboros. Though he was not as strong as the ouroboros, Thulhu was still undoubtedly level 1000.</p>

      <p>Sanieve was unable to ignore such a threat, and he made a troubled face inside the ouroboros.</p>

      <p>“What...<em>is </em>that disgusting thing...?”</p>

      <p>He had no clue at all what it could even be. However, it was definitely an enemy. A fearsomely strong enemy, at that.</p>

      <p>In order to deal with this new, unexpected variable, Sanieve activated his skill, Muliphen. The skill that imposed a limiting wall on the enemy, weakening them. No matter how strong the target was, they could not resist the laws of the world, and this thing could not resist this skill. Being hit by the skill was like being suddenly affected by a new law of physics created by the Goddess. Cooling water would freeze it, and heating water would boil it. Muliphen was a skill that would apply new laws as steadfast as those. It was an utterly unfair ability only available to agents of the Goddess.</p>

      <p>And the wicked god, who had been bound by this unassailable shackle howled, breaking divine providence.</p>

      <p>“■■■■■■—!”</p>

      <p>The skill of agents of the Goddess was broken as if it were glass being shattered, and the wicked god continued to attack as if nothing had happened. <em>Who cares about divine rules or laws?!</em></p>

      <p>The wicked god Thulhu was a bug that had sprouted up in a place the Goddess was not paying attention to. No matter how many rules or laws were pushed on him, there was no way he, as a bug, would follow them. He was a bug because he wasn’t subject to such things. He had always existed in contradiction to the Goddess’s rules, so they would not work. He would not follow them.</p>

      <p>Without even understanding what had just happened to him, the wicked god continued to unleash his anger on the ouroboros.</p>

      <p>“You damned beast... Die!”</p>

      <p>The ouroboros moved. One of the two heads, the metal one, opened its mouth to launch a metal bullet at its enemy. The bullet, which was tipped like a spear, gouged into Thulhu as it passed through the wicked god’s body, tearing his body apart and destroying him. His head was gone, chest broken, trunk in pieces, limbs severed, and tentacles sent flying.</p>

      <p><em>That fixes that</em>,<em> </em>Sanieve thought, feeling secure.<em> That’s clearly a lethal blow. There’s no saving that thing.</em></p>

      <p>However, an unbelievable sight unfolded before his eyes the very next moment. The monster’s head, which should have been destroyed, grew into two new heads. The chest instantly returned to normal, and a new lower half sprouted from under the previously destroyed abdomen. The new lower half, which had split off from the original, also grew a multitude of independently moving tentacles from his upper part. The severed limbs all grew back with extra copies as well, and the cut-off pieces all turned into hideous monsters with minds of their own. All the lost tentacles replaced themselves and more as well, while the severed tentacles themselves also turned into monsters.</p>

      <p>“■■■■■...”</p>

      <p>Having regenerated all the damage he had taken in a flash, Thulhu once again let out an unpleasant cry. When he did so, something strange happened. The world warped around him, twisting around as it started to be painted over into bizarre, impossible-to-understand vistas.</p>

      <p>This was Thulhu’s special skill. Though he probably didn’t even know the name of his unique skill, Thulhu instinctively understood how to use it. The wicked god had once tried to use it in his fight with Aigokeros, but it had been interrupted. His ability— Could it be called an ability? What he was doing was simply increasing the number of bugs.</p>

      <p>By twisting the world around him and rewriting it, he could turn everything into a mess. He could reverse fiction and reality and flip common sense and senselessness around. Normality would no longer be normal, and strangeness would only get stranger. This spreading vista was one that would unconditionally displease and cause anxiety in people, one so strange it was unclear whether it was creative or just blasphemous. The definitions of near and far blurred, while solid and liquid states became indistinguishable. What looked red became blue, and what looked blue became green. It was as if a dreamworld where any and all laws no longer applied had been brought into reality as the world was dyed into something else, where nothing could be trusted and everything was incoherent.</p>

      <p>“Urgh, ah... Wha...t...is that...?” asked Sei.</p>

      <p>“Sei, my B O Y, close your eyes and cover your ears. This isn’t a world you should be looking at for too long.”</p>

      <p>Karkinos was able to remain sane because of his high mental resistances, but things were tough for Sei. After all, even Karkinos could tell that he would start to go crazy if he were to stay too long. Sanieve also started to leak a cold sweat, seeing this unreasonable scene.</p>

      <p>“Stop that, you ugly thing...”</p>

      <p>This time, the water half spewed a breath so cold it hit absolute zero. Thulhu’s body instantly froze before shattering into dust.</p>

      <p>However, the wicked god was not dead. Each broken piece regenerated at a shocking rate to form countless Thulhus, which all combined to form an even larger Thulhu. By the time anyone had noticed, Thulhu had reached a height of one kilometer, when he hadn’t even been two hundred meters tall before.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. You’re just a stubborn beast... Don’t underestimate me!”</p>

      <p>Both heads of the ouroboros howled as it moved to end its unforeseen attacker with all its might.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“This is our chance!”</p>

      <p>Karkinos looked at Thulhu’s entrance as a bout of good luck. He honestly had no idea what Thulhu was, but that didn’t change the fact that Thulhu’s entrance was a happy coincidence.</p>

      <p>Thanks to the monster being enough trouble to warrant caution and attention, Sanieve had focused all his efforts that way. Karkinos didn’t expect Thulhu to be an ally, of course. In this case, it was hard to say that the enemy of his enemy was a friend. <em>If something were to happen, that thing could easily attack us</em>, Karkinos thought<em>. </em>However, this was still a good chance. There was no doubt that the monster was exactly the new, uncertain variable that was needed to flip the board from its unwinnable state.</p>

      <p>Karkinos grabbed Sei and ran, aiming for the ouroboros’s mouth. He aimed for the moment when the ouroboros finished its breath attack against Thulhu, which would give him the chance to jump inside of it. Though Karkinos might live, Sei would die when the next breath came. However, there should have been a place in the ouroboros’s body where this breath could not reach. There was no way Sanieve would’ve brought Virgo inside if there wasn’t.</p>

      <p>Karkinos ran, and ran, and ran. He ran as fast and as long as needed until he found it—the one unnatural, branching path in a creature whose innards should have been a single, linear road. Karkinos immediately jumped down this side path and found what he was looking for.</p>

      <p>Sanieve stood in a room with a sleeping Virgo in the back. There was a barrier around Virgo, stopping anyone from coming near.</p>

      <p>“You...!” Sanieve yelled.</p>

      <p>“O K! My hunch was right on the money. M E is doing great today!” Karkinos laughed, letting go of Sei before slashing at Sanieve.</p>

      <p>Luckily, Thulhu’s erosion of reality had not reached this place. In other words, this place inside the enemy’s belly was a safe place to fight.</p>

      <p>Sanieve caught Karkinos’s slash and returned with a kick to the crab’s gut. However, it didn’t do anything. Though he could place a limit wall on Karkinos, there was nothing Sanieve could do about the crab’s toughness.</p>

      <p>Karkinos laughed fearlessly and didn’t hesitate to slam in a counterblow.</p>

      <p>“Now, Sei my B O Y, it’s your turn! Give that sleeping Virgo there a H O T awakening!”</p>

      <p>Half of the reason Virgo was sleeping was her own volition. She probably had no realization of this, of course, but her desire to not hear the continuation of what Sei was going to say that day had her unconsciously resisting her awakening. That was why Sei had to be the one to wake her up. No matter how much Karkinos called out to her, nothing would most likely happen.</p>

      <p>“You lowly filth! Do you really think you can defeat me?!”</p>

      <p>“Non, non, non. That would be impossible,” Karkinos admitted. “The damage that M E can inflict against you would be nothing but scratches. It wouldn’t even be a real battle. However, M E was never the one in charge of attacking in the first place.”</p>

      <p>Of the Imperial Thirteen Heavenly Stars, Karkinos was never the one meant to attack. He may have had a decent amount of strength, and if he were to attack, he could take down most enemies. His main specialty was defense, however, and it was only there that he truly shined. Karkinos the Crab of the Imperial Thirteen Heavenly Stars stood out on the battlefield by becoming a shield for his allies and not letting enemies close.</p>

      <p>“Did you know? There’s a certain saying in this world...”</p>

      <p>Karkinos took Sanieve’s attack head-on while using a skill to attract the ranged attack meant for Sei to himself. Then, he activated his no-miss counter, Acubens. Because the lower limit wall applied to the counter as well, no real damage was done, but it was enough to interfere with Sanieve’s movements.</p>

      <p>“Those who try to cheat on and steal someone else’s love...can get pinched by a crab and G O T O H E L L!”</p>

      <p>“That’s a lie! No such saying exists!”</p>

      <p>Sanieve’s fist and Karkinos’s scissors collided.</p>

      <p>“Virgo, listen to me!” Sei called out from outside the barrier.</p>

      <p>His face was already a flaming red from the mere thought of what he was about to say. Doing this didn’t mesh with his character. He would normally never shout a confession out loud so hot-bloodedly. However, Sei had to make things right. Up until now, he’d run away from making this confession, putting up masks and using their life span difference as an excuse to run away and pin the blame on Virgo. That was exactly why he’d made Virgo cry that day.</p>

      <p><em>Even though I knew deep down...that Virgo knew everything, and she chose to be with me anyway. Even though I actually knew what she wanted...</em></p>

      <p>Sei was not especially smart or insightful, but he also wasn’t dumb or dense. He had already known about the feelings Virgo had for him, as well as the words he should have said. He’d known, but he’d still run from it because he was scared of all the loneliness he would be pushing on Virgo after his death.</p>

      <p><em>But I won’t run anymore. </em>Sei paused, thinking.<em> No, that’s not true. I’m actually still on the fence. I’m always just fretting about things and being scared...</em></p>

      <p>At heart, Sei’s mindset was still that of a normal person, and he didn’t have the decision-making power or mental fortitude of Lufas or Benetnasch. Even so, he was able to move forward when it counted; that was what it meant to be human. And with this incident, something had been made very clear to him. <em>Logic and reasoning don’t matter here, and I know I’m being selfish, but still... Still, I don’t want Virgo to be taken by some other man!</em></p>

      <p>Sei was a male, and of course, he had a desire to monopolize and the ability to become a wolf. He realized he should have brought that to the forefront. Instead of acting like a gentleman and putting on a herbivore front, he should have put his affections on display, even if he had to go as far as to kidnap Virgo to do so. Virgo was rather passive fundamentally, so he needed to actively attack as the man in order to make up for that.</p>

      <p>That was why Sei decided to put aside his shame, even if just for the moment.</p>

      <p>“I LOOOOVE YOOOUUUU!” Sei shouted.</p>

      <p>Anyone who knew Sei and his personality would wonder if he’d eaten something strange after hearing him scream passionately like that.</p>

      <p>“I was running away back then! You were right. I’m a huge idiot! I was just scared... I couldn’t help but think that you would eventually become unhappy because of me. I...don’t think I wanted to shoulder the blame for that. I didn’t want to do something bad. That was why I used our life spans as an excuse, pinned the blame on you, and tried to justify playing the heel to hurt you as a noble act.”</p>

      <p>Panicked, Sanieve jumped at Sei. However, the shield of the Thirteen Stars was not soft enough to let that happen. Kakinos cut in front of Sanieve, kicking him away.</p>

      <p><em>They’re in a good spot right now. I can’t have you interrupting them.</em></p>

      <p>“I...don’t live in the same time frame as you do. I’m sure I’ll end up leaving you all alone one day. But even so! I want to spend my life with you! I want to dedicate the rest of my life to you! And I would like just a little of your time back, so... COME BACK TO ME VIRGOOOOOO!”</p>

      <p>Having said his piece, Sei’s face got even redder. It looked like you could boil water on it. Sei trembled greatly as he fervently wished in his heart for Karkinos not to speak a word of this to anyone. Why would Sei calm down here of all places? Well, he was just that kind of guy, just a little bit sloppy in everything. However, what he’d just shouted was undoubtedly his true feelings, and they had certainly reached Virgo.</p>

      <p>The barrier cracked. The fissure spread and branched off into smaller cracks, making sounds all the way as it fell apart. Then, when the barrier finally came apart fully and scattered, Virgo came flying out of it.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>