<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 16</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6-2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“You sure act fast, Char.”</p>

      <p>“Aha ha... Shall we sit too, then?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, let’s. Everyone, please sit down. This is an informal gathering, so don’t worry about your seating order. Right? Miharu, come sit beside me.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki and Liselotte looked at Rio sandwiched between the two of them and smiled wryly. Then, at the suggestion from the hero to sit wherever, the party seated themselves.</p>

      <p>“Okay. Want to sit with me, Ai-chan?”</p>

      <p>“Okay.”</p>

      <p>Miharu sat beside Satsuki as suggested, and Aishia sat beside her.</p>

      <p>“Then we’ll sit on the opposite side.”</p>

      <p>Sara, Orphia, and Alma sat on the opposite side of Miharu and Satsuki. That placed them at the end of a U shape with Charlotte, Rio, and Latifa. Meanwhile, Celia, Liselotte, Christina, and Flora were still standing.</p>

      <p>“Then if you don’t mind, may I sit beside you, Princess Christina?” Liselotte asked Christina.</p>

      <p>“Of course.” Christina immediately nodded. Thus, Liselotte and Christina took the seats beside Sara, Orphia, and Alma.</p>

      <p>“Princess Flora, we can sit on the opposite side of Princess Christina.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, Professor Celia.”</p>

      <p>Celia and Flora sat down facing Christina and Liselotte, beside Aishia, Satsuki, and Miharu. As a result, everyone was seated, forming a long U shape with Charlotte, Rio, and Latifa as the base point. The table was lined with snacks and tea already, so the preparations were complete.</p>

      <p>“Now that everyone’s seated, allow me to give a brief greeting as representative of the Galarc Kingdom and the host of this gathering.”</p>

      <p>Charlotte looked around at everyone, then got to her feet to make a speech. Everyone’s gazes naturally gathered on her.</p>

      <p>“This is just a feeling, or perhaps my own wish, but I believe I’ll be seeing everyone here more often through Sir Haruto. After all, I’m meeting everyone here right now thanks to him,” she continued.</p>

      <p>Everyone else looked at one another. Indeed, they wouldn’t have met each other if not for Rio.</p>

      <p>“There’s a hero, princesses, a duke’s daughter, and a count’s daughter here today, but status does not matter. The people who have connected to Sir Haruto have gathered here regardless of country borders. I believe that is something wonderful. That’s why I would love to use this opportunity to deepen my friendship with everyone. Let’s have fun talking to each other and mingling together. It’s an honor to be meeting you all.”</p>

      <p>Charlotte spoke eloquently, like a true woman of royalty, ending her speech with a courteous bow.</p>

      <p>Sara was the first to widen her eyes and return the bow. “It’s nice to be able to meet you too.” She and the other spirit folk girls were taken aback by the way Charlotte had immediately taken the seat beside Rio, but they were impressed by how she could act like a proper royal too. Following her lead, Orphia and Alma bowed, as well as the others around them.</p>

      <p>“That should do for greetings. Shall we begin?”</p>

      <p>Thus, the tea party at Rio’s mansion commenced.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>