<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy, Vol. 8</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="backmatter-rw Appendix-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="backmatter appendix" id="appendix001">
<h1 class="chapter-title1"><a id="page-171"/><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-appendix001">AFTERWORD</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">Hello, this is Yu Shimizu. Thank you for being so patient. Volume 8 of <em>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy</em> is here for your reading pleasure.</p>
<p>Leonis and his fellow Dark Lords are thrown into another world by the Devil of the Underworld, while the Holy Sword Dance Festival begins in the capital. The apostles plot to enact the Void Shift. Can Leonis return to Riselia’s side in time?</p>
<p>Leonis was separated from Riselia and the others in this book, so expect lots of spoiled big-sisterly affection in the next one.</p>
<p>I’m very excited to announce that because of your fervent support, good readers, <em>Excalibur Academy</em> is slated for an anime adaptation. Production is already in progress (woo-hoo)! We have an outstanding staff lineup, from the director to the scriptwriters. I hope you’re looking forward to it!</p>
<p>Now, for some thanks. To Asagi Tohsaka, thank you for your wonderful illustrations. Riselia is so gorgeous on the cover that I can only sigh in admiration. To Asuka Keigen, congratulations on the fourth manga volume’s publication. It’s a truly high-quality adaptation, and I eagerly anticipate reading each chapter.</p>
<p><a id="page-172"/>And lastly, the biggest thank-you goes to the readers!</p>
<p>I’ll see you all in Volume 9! (And check out the anime when it releases!)</p>
<p class="right"><strong><em>—Yu Shimizu, September 2021</em></strong></p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>