<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Eminence in Shadow</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:15e94cdd-d0a0-46d0-b64e-28fd02ea31be" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="backmatter-rw Appendix-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="backmatter appendix" id="appendix006">
<h1 class="appendix-title"><a id="page-251"></a><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-appendix006">Afterword</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">Thank you for reading the second volume of <em>The Eminence in Shadow</em>.</p>
<p>I wouldn’t have been able to release it if it weren’t for your support! Thank you all so much.</p>
<p class="space-break1">Some of you may already know this next bit of news, but I’d like to announce it anyway.</p>
<p><em>The Eminence in Shadow</em> is going to be getting a manga adaptation in <em>Comp Ace</em> with art by Anri Sakano.</p>
<p>The manga adaptation does an excellent job supplementing all the parts I couldn’t describe well with words. It would make me really happy if you all would check it out.</p>
<p class="space-break1">Now, this doesn’t have much to do with anything, but I’ve been thinking about laser beard removal recently.</p>
<p>My beard isn’t unusually thick or anything. In fact, it’s probably on the thinner side.</p>
<p>But while it isn’t thick enough to actually warrant laser hair removal, when I think about the two minutes spent shaving each day, I begin wondering if I should just get it removed.</p>
<p>Those two minutes might not seem like a lot in the context of one day, but they mean that I waste twelve hours shaving over the course of a year. And if I keep having to shave for another fifty years, that means I’ll end up spending six hundred hours shaving. What do you all make of that number?</p>
<p>Honestly, I think it’s pretty whatever. I honestly don’t care that much about the six hundred hours. I just think shaving is kind of a hassle.</p>
<p>Basically, I’m trying to say that I’m thinking about getting my beard <a id="page-252"></a>removed soon. I might start off by just getting rid of the unnecessary bits and going for a “designer beard” look so I can cut down on shaving, since I can get away with maintaining it less. I’ll see how I feel from there.</p>
<p class="space-break1">I’m getting to the end here, so I’d like to say some words of thanks.</p>
<p>I’d like to thank my editor for helping me through the entire publishing process. I’d like to thank Touzai for the best illustrations I could ever hope for. I’d like to thank Araki at BALCOLONY. for the incredible designs that color this book. And I’d like to thank my readers for their support. Thank you again from the bottom of my heart.</p>
<p>Let’s meet again in Volume 3!</p>
<p class="right"><em>Daisuke Aizawa</em></p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>