<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Eminence in Shadow</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:15e94cdd-d0a0-46d0-b64e-28fd02ea31be" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter033">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a id="page-221"></a><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter033">Final Chapter</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter033">Just Who Is This Mysterious Badass?!</a></h1>
<p class="noindent"><a id="page-223"></a>Until she saw that beautiful arc, Rose had been prepared to die. If she was captured and turned into a pawn, her father’s death would have been in vain. She wasn’t going to let that happen.</p>
<p>Death is petrifying.</p>
<p>However, it was the only option she had left. She’d been allowed her indulgences as a princess, but she still intended to carry out her royal duties.</p>
<p>This was to be her final task.</p>
<p>She’d been prepared for that.</p>
<p>“Y-you’re…”</p>
<p>However, the instant she sees that boy beautifully cleave through everything, she’s reminded of a memory from her childhood.</p>
<p>“The time for lies is over…”</p>
<p>And with that, Mundane rips off his face.</p>
<p>The crowd stirs.</p>
<p>Beneath Mundane’s skin sits an all-too-familiar mask.</p>
<p>Black liquid swirls and spirals around him.</p>
<p>When the spiral subsides, it leaves a man wearing a jet-black long coat in its wake.</p>
<p>“Shadow…,” someone murmurs.</p>
<p>But to Rose, he isn’t Shadow.</p>
<p>He’s the man who made her want to take up the sword. The one whose blade embodies beauty.</p>
<p>“Shadow, are you…? Are you the Slayer?”</p>
<p>The memories flash through Rose’s mind.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>