<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter61"><div class="main">

      <p>Rio stared back at the two of them in a daze. They left a much more friendly impression than he had been expecting, having been imagining what kind of people they were up until that moment.</p>

      <p>“...It is an honor to meet you, Your Majesty, King Homura, and Your Highness, Queen Shizuku. My name is Rio. I am extremely delighted to be granted an audience with your countenance on this occasion,” Rio introduced himself courteously after they stared at each other for a few seconds. Then, Homura gave a strained laugh.</p>

      <p>“I am simply meeting my adorable grandchild. There is no need for that manner of etiquette and speech, and no need to be so uptight.”</p>

      <p>“That is correct. You are our grandson.”</p>

      <p>The royal couple spoke with a hint of mellow reservation.</p>

      <p>“With your pardon, then... I’ll do my best.” Rio nodded awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“It looks like we’ll need to deepen our familial relations first. We both seem to be bewildered. Let us exchange words regarding that first, shall we?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, there’s so much that I wish to tell you, and so much that I’d like to ask. Although our time is limited, let us chat to our hearts content.”</p>

      <p>Homura’s lips curled up at the mouth as Shizuku smiled elegantly. “Now, shall we sit down first?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, excuse me.” Rio took a seat.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Rio. I’m so glad to meet you. You really are identical to Ayame,” Shizuku said in a clearly animated way. Her gaze was fixed on Rio’s face as she took in all his features and the aura that were similar to Ayame’s.</p>

      <p>“I personally feel that you are identical to my mother...” Rio confessed shyly.</p>

      <p>“Oh, really?” Shizuku tilted her head curiously.</p>

      <p>“Yes. If my mother was here right now, I’d mistake you for her sister.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? Oh my. Dear me, how embarrassing... Even though I’m already a grandma.” Shizuku’s cheeks reddened in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>Though she was being humble, her appearance was truly youthful. As Ayame’s mother, she should have been upper-middle age, yet she could pass off as someone at the prime of their life.</p>

      <p>After that, they fumbled their way through a conversation together, closing the distance between them. Shizuku’s range of expressions was vibrant, and she easily burst into laughter at Rio’s stories.</p>

      <p>Then, after they had talked for several minutes...</p>

      <p>“Shizuku... I feel like it’s been a while since I’ve seen you laugh in such a carefree way,” Homura said, seeing the elegant smile blooming on Shizuku’s face.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, don’t say that. That would mean I’ve been smiling in a fake way this entire time,” Shizuku said with a cute pout.</p>

      <p>“Oh no, my dear. Forgive me — that was not my intention,” Homura apologized in a hurry.</p>

      <p>At that, Shizuku smiled happily. “You seem to be having more fun than usual too, King Homura,” she said.</p>

      <p>“That... is probably because Rio is here.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, indeed.”</p>

      <p>Homura and Shizuku shared a smile with each other, then nonchalantly exchanged a look with a small nod.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Rio. Would you like to tell us about Ayame and Zen?” Shizuku suddenly asked.</p>

      <p>They had been talking in order to deepen their relationship until now, but the intention of this question was clearly different. Homura and Shizuku wanted to know about the aftermath of what had happened to the two they chased out of their kingdom. It wasn’t simply a question asked out of curiosity.</p>

      <p>“...To begin with the conclusion, both of them have passed away already,” Rio said in a slightly subdued tone.</p>

      <p>“...We have been informed of that already. However...”</p>

      <p>“We’d like to know more, like the reason why they died, or how they lived.” Shizuku hesitated to say her words, so Homura voiced her question out loud resolutely. Their eyes were locked onto Rio’s with certainty.</p>

      <p>“...My father passed away while I was too young to remember anything, so I’m afraid I only have memories of my time with my mother. If that is all right with you...”</p>

      <p>“Is that so... Then, could you tell us about what about your life that you remember?”</p>

      <p>“...I understand.”</p>

      <p>Rio took a deep breath and nodded slowly. Then, he began to speak about his father’s death in the way that it had been conveyed to him by his mother, as well as his memories with Ayame. The details were mostly similar to what he had told Yuba before — that Zen was working as an adventurer who one day messed up on the job and died, leaving Rio and Ayame to live alone until Rio turned five years old.</p>

      <p>“My mother was a kind person who was always smiling. That’s why I thought it was natural for it just to be the two of us when I was a child. She had never once shown me any sadness over my father’s death,” Rio said with regard to Ayame’s personality.</p>

      <p>“We were, by no means, wealthy in the least. But while he was alive, my father had earned a lot of money for us, so we were able to get by without a need for my mother to work. Our neighbors would look at us with prejudice just for having different colored hair, but those days were filled with happiness. However, my life with my mother didn’t last for very long. When I was five years old, my mother... She passed away.” Unable to determine how far he should talk, Rio hesitated to continue.</p>

      <p>“When you were five... How did you live from that point onward, then?” Shizuku asked fearfully.</p>

      <p>Rio had braced himself in case they inquired after the reason of his mother’s death, so he relaxed in relief. Apparently the fact he had lost both his parents by the age of five had a much stronger impact.</p>

      <p>“...I became an orphan in the poorer part of town.” Rio said casually, with a hint of a bitter smile mixed in.</p>

      <p>“Oh...” Shizuku looked like she would start crying at any moment. Homura had his eyes closed as he clenched his fists tightly.</p>

      <p>“But I was only an orphan until the age of seven.” Rio said with a small shrug.</p>

      <p>“Is that so... How did you live after the age of seven?” Homura asked.</p>

      <p>“I saved an important person of the kingdom by chance, and was granted enrollment into an education institute managed by the kingdom as a reward.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? An educational institute... We have such institutions in this kingdom too, but only court nobles and certain military families are permitted entry. Was it different in that kingdom?”</p>

      <p>“No, there was no difference. Everyone around me was what you would call a court noble or royalty in this kingdom.”</p>

      <p>“...Then you must have suffered greatly.” Homura immediately guessed that Rio had been subjected to much discrimination based on his social status.</p>

      <p>“No, it is true that the hostility toward me was high, but there was someone there who treated me kindly, too. Thanks to them, I can proudly say my days there were fun,” Rio said with a gentle smile. It was all thanks to Celia.</p>

      <p>But that wasn’t enough to appease Homura and Shizuku’s emotions, as they continued to avoid eye contact with him. Gouki and Kayoko, who had been listening silently from the side, also had expressions of pain on their faces.</p>

      <p>“From there, I attended the academy until I was twelve years old, before departing for this land.”</p>

      <p>“I had heard there were kingdoms far to the west, but... you did well making it here unharmed. Thanks to that, we were able to meet you.” Homura lowered his head deeply in an excessive show of gratitude toward Rio. Knowing that the king wasn’t in a position where he should be easily lowering his head to others, Homura’s gratitude resounded greatly within Rio.</p>

      <p>“When I was young, my mother would tell me a lot about you. And she promised me that she would someday take me to this land. She wasn’t able to fulfill that promise, but I have always wanted to travel here. At the very least, I wanted to make a grave for them in their home town.”</p>

      <p>“Ayame promised such a thing to you...” Homura bit down on his lip. He was filled with a mixture of happiness, regret, and shame.</p>

      <p>The sound of Shizuku’s sobbing cries echoed through the room as Homura closed his eyes and fell silent. The silence continued for a while.</p>

      <p>Then, after some time, Homura took a deep breath and inquired after the one thing that Rio wanted to be asked the least. “...Rio. Would you tell us how Ayame died?”</p>

      <p>“...I must warn you, it may be difficult to hear. Do you still wish to know anyway?” Rio asked, questioning the amount of resolution behind Homura and the others. The story would most certainly be sickening to hear.</p>

      <p>“We must know what happened... What happened in her last moments. And, if need be...”</p>

      <p><em>We will blame ourselves</em> — Homura’s face darkened with that implication.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry... I know it must be cruel to ask you to speak the truth, but we simply cannot bear remaining in the dark,” Shizuku agreed, not lifting her head.</p>

      <p>The two of them spoke in a calm tone filled with their strong determination and will.</p>

      <p>“Is that so...” Rio closed his eyes as though waffling over something, before he took a deep breath.</p>

      <p>“My mother... was killed. Right before my eyes,” he said bluntly.</p>

      <p>“...” While they expected it to some extent, Homura and the others were still visibly shocked.</p>

      <p>“The person who killed my mother was a man named Lucius.”</p>

      <p>Rio paid them no mind as he started to recall what had happened at the time. That was what they had wished for, after all.</p>

      <p>For the five years after Zen’s death, Ayame rented a modest house in the capital of the kingdom of Beltrum and had raised Rio there. Fortunately, there was enough money saved to allow her to raise Rio alone as long as they didn’t spend extravagantly. However, the burden on her was greater than expected, and she couldn’t even afford to take her eyes away from Rio for just a moment to do a little shopping. During times like that, an adventurer named Lucius would help out Ayame. Ayame was acquaintances with Lucius back from when Zen was still alive.</p>

      <p>Back then, Ayame had retired from adventuring when she became pregnant with Rio. Zen had continued in the adventuring industry alone for a while, but ever since one day in particular, he had started to complete missions together with Lucius.</p>

      <p>Zen had the skills, but he was still a foreigner in a strange land. Lucius had called out to him while he was still getting used to the kingdom, and looked after him in various ways. Because of that, Zen brought Lucius home and introduced him to Ayame. That was how Ayame first came into contact with him.</p>

      <p>Then, when Zen died shortly after Rio was born, Lucius supported Ayame in myriad ways as she devoted herself to raising her child. For instance, he went shopping on Ayame’s behalf, visited with gifts in tow, or played with the young Rio.</p>

      <p>At the time, neither Ayame nor Rio doubted that Lucius was a friendly and kind person; since he was an adventurer, his eyes were sharp, and there was some form of intensity behind him. However, his facial features were refined, and his personality was considerate and sociable, like a gentleman’s.</p>

      <p>It had all been an act.</p>

      <p>One day, while Ayame had gone out on an errand in the neighborhood, she told Rio: “I’ll be back soon, so don’t leave the house if someone you don’t know comes.” Then, she had left her five-year-old son at home alone.</p>

      <p>Immediately after Ayame left, Lucius visited the house. Rio had followed Ayame’s words at first and pretended like no one was home.</p>

      <p>“Rio — you’re there, aren’t you? It’s me, Lucius. I met Ayame out there and she told me to come look after you. Could you open the door for me?” a voice said from the other side of the door. Once he realized it was Lucius, Rio immediately opened the door. Rio knew Lucius very well, so he trusted him fully.</p>

      <p>However, Lucius had done a complete 180 into a cruel and cold-hearted person.</p>

      <p>“Gah...” Lucius walked into the house and kicked Rio in the abdomen.</p>

      <p>The sudden impact to his stomach sent Rio’s small body flying; he had seen a glimpse of Lucius’ foot making contact with his stomach, but he couldn’t understand why Lucius would do such a thing.</p>

      <p>“Wh...y...?” Rio rolled on the floor, wheezing.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha. Listen up, Rio. In this world, sometimes there are wolves in sheep’s clothing. They love to betray people’s trust and spread malice. Demons like me love that more than anything. They’d even pretend to be good people to do it. That’s why you shouldn’t trust people so easily, you know?”</p>

      <p>Lucius grabbed Rio’s head and peered at his face. “Now you’ve grown one wiser,” he added, and curled his lips in a joyful grin. A glint of madness could be seen in his eyes.</p>

      <p>“Do you know what a demon’s favorite thing is, Rio?”</p>

      <p>“...” Rio watched with fearful eyes, his head still clutched in Lucius’ grip.</p>

      <p>“Demons... When they see things people find precious or beautiful, they want to break them and ruin them to the point of no return. The face of a human betrayed by someone they greatly trusted is especially delicious.” Lucius chatted away talkatively, but Rio couldn’t understand his words at all.</p>

      <p>“But... You know, at your young age, you wouldn’t get what I’m saying anyway, would you? That’s why it isn’t as rewarding destroying brats like you, and I don’t really like it,” he said with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“I can really spice things up with you, though. With Ayame — who treasures you more than anything — as the main dish.”</p>

      <p>Again, Rio was unable to understand anything that Lucius was saying. All he knew was that he was afraid of the man. But it wasn’t just fear — faint buds of hatred were also trying to bloom within his chest. It caused Rio to glare at Lucius with an indescribable feeling.</p>

      <p>“...Oh? So you can make a good expression, too.” Lucius’ eyes widened with interest as he chuckled with a grin. He kicked Rio’s prone form and rolled him face-up, before stepping on his stomach and pressing him into the floor.</p>

      <p>“Guh...” A cry of pain left Rio’s mouth.</p>

      <p>“Well, having you wailing and crying would just be a killjoy. Let’s silence you before Ayame gets home, shall we? Don’t worry, it won’t hurt. It’s just a little drug... One that paralyzes your body and makes your mind gradually grow hazy. If Ayame gets home early, you may even be awake to see her for the last act.”</p>

      <p>Lucius grabbed Rio by the hair and lifted his face, then reached into his pocket and took out a small metal bottle that he thrust into Rio’s mouth. Unable to spit it out, Rio swallowed the unknown substance. Immediately after that, a burning heat seared within his stomach, and gnawed away at his body bit by bit. His breathing grew shallow, and he couldn’t find strength in his limbs.</p>

      <p>That was when the door opened. It swung open a little faster than usual, most likely because of how it was unlocked.</p>

      <p>It was Ayame.</p>

      <p>“Welcome home, Ayame! You’re early,” Lucius called out to her casually, with Rio still underfoot. Rio was panting in pain, face flushed with a fever.</p>

      <p>“W-What are you doing, Lucius?!” Ayame froze where she stood in a daze, managing to speak in a high-pitched voice once she processed the situation.</p>

      <p>“Haha. Isn’t it obvious...?” Lucius smiled in delight as he spoke to Ayame.</p>

      <p>At this point, Rio’s consciousness had already faded, and he couldn’t make out the words they exchanged. A fog had fallen over his vision, but he still had some vague sense of awareness left. He remained in that state for so long, it felt like it would never end. The only thing that was carved vividly into his memory was the hazy sight of Lucius abusing Ayame.</p>

      <p>At the very end, however, Rio had the vague feeling Ayame had hugged him. While he couldn’t be certain whether it was a dream or reality, Ayame had smiled at him gently with tears in her eyes.</p>

      <p>It had most likely been real. That’s what he wanted to believe.</p>

      <p>But, behind Ayame, Lucius was standing with his sword in hand. He made eye contact with Rio and curled his lips in a repulsive grin.</p>

      <p>That was the last thing Rio remembered. When he awakened, Rio had been thrown into a back alleyway of the capital. His clothes were stained with someone’s blood splatter, but Rio refused to accept reality and wandered around the capital in a daze, searching for his house. He had no idea how long he walked for, but Rio eventually found the plain old house they had been renting. However, the door to the house had been locked shut.</p>

      <p>Rio found a neighbor he recognized somewhat and asked them for his mother’s whereabouts, the neighbor was disgusted by him, and told him that she was dead. The house was a vacant house, now.</p>

      <p>After that, Rio lived on the streets of the slums for the two years until he enrolled into the Royal Academy, all while carrying a hatred toward Lucius in his chest the entire time.</p>

      <p>“...And that’s what happened,” Rio declared with a frown.</p>

      <p>With that, he had revealed his entire dark past — one that he had never told anyone else before. Everyone in the room — Homura, Shizuku, Gouki, and Kayoko — was trembling. The budding emotions in their chests may have been anger, or sorrow, or perhaps something else. Rio stared back at Homura and the others with a little bit of regret, wondering if he really should have told them the truth.</p>

      <p>“Rio, you must bear so much resentment toward us, for causing Ayame to suffer such a thing...” Homura murmured softly in a voice that suppressed his emotions.</p>

      <p>“I do resent you—” Rio said bluntly, without a hint of hesitation.</p>

      <p>“...” Homura and the others shook greatly. They had been prepared to be cursed, but Rio’s frank words stabbed them deep in their hearts.</p>

      <p>“—is what someone else might say if they had been in the same situation as me. However, I do not feel any particular resentment toward you,” Rio added with a bitter smile.</p>

      <p>Homura and the others stared at Rio with dumbfounded expressions.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to surprise you like that. But... everyone is greatly misunderstanding something, here. Please don’t feel any misplaced guilt, or think of yourselves as the wrong-doers.”</p>

      <p>“...Why do you say that?” Homura asked in a hoarse voice.</p>

      <p>“I was raised lovingly by my mother, and watched her from the closest perspective possible. That’s why I know: my mother did not hate you. If anything, I believe she felt grateful for being able to marry my father. That’s why it wouldn’t be right for me to hate you,” Rio said, his features breaking down at the memories he recalled of his mother.</p>

      <p>“Is that, so...” Homura and the others trembled once more, hanging their heads low. They couldn’t bear the feelings of remorse and embarrassment.</p>

      <p>Misplaced guilt, thinking of themselves as the wrong-doers... Rio’s words were right on the mark. What Rio had said just now stabbed them deeper in the heart than when he had said he resented them. They realized exactly how helpless they were.</p>

      <p>“But, Rio. Allow me to ask one thing: what do you think of this Lucius, the man who killed Ayame? Can you forgive him?”</p>

      <p>“No. I can’t forgive him, most likely, ever. Just recently, I realized there were things in this world that are absolutely unforgivable.” Rio shook his head as he suppressed his emotions.</p>

      <p>“Then, do you seek revenge?”</p>

      <p>“I’m not considering living only for the sake of revenge, since I don’t know where he is, or if he’s even alive. However, if I do meet that man someday, then with these hands I will...”</p>

      <p>“...I see. I am a king, after all; I have seen countless repulsive humans up until this point. That is why I can understand the emotions that you carry, and will not deny them. But, if you are to pursue the road to vengeance, there is one thing I must tell you first,” Homura said, narrowing his eyes as though to see through Rio’s determination.</p>

      <p>“What is it?” Rio took on Homura’s gaze head-on.</p>

      <p>“Vengeance is not justice. The dead may not wish for revenge, and vengeance will only give birth to new vengeance. Consequently, the road to vengeance only leads to hell. Even if you want to turn back, you won’t be able to. You understand that, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I am aware.”</p>

      <p>“You can still turn back right now. Will you still kill him, knowing that?”</p>

      <p>“...Yes, that is what I have decided. I will no longer avert my eyes from reality. From people’s malice, from my own weaknesses. That is why I am willing to dirty these hands if necessary.” Rio asserted his own will plainly, with a determined expression.</p>

      <p>Homura looked into Rio’s eyes carefully; his caramel-colored eyes showed no signs of delusion or madness. They were the eyes of someone who knew that there was no such thing as absolute morals in this world, yet had chosen to stick by their own morals anyway. That was why he wasn’t about to resort to any means possible for his vengeance, and he wouldn’t incur anyone else’s enmity for his own selfish reason.</p>

      <p>Homura sighed with resignation.</p>

      <p>“...Is that so. In that case, I will not stop you from seeking vengeance.”</p>

      <p>If Rio had lost sight of his way, Homura would have imparted words, as his grandfather, to lead him back to a less painful road. However, there was no point in doing that to Rio as he was right now. From his experience as a king that had lived a long life, Homura could understand that human emotions weren’t so fragile that they could be washed away with a few idealistic words.</p>

      <p>“...However, as your grandfather, I wish to know whether you have the strength to carry out that will of yours. Would you consider facing off with Gouki?”</p>

      <p>“...You wish for me to spar with Lord Gouki?” Rio’s eyes widened, and he tilted his head at Homura’s sudden proposal.</p>

      <p>“Forgive me — I have bewildered you with my sudden insolence. It is simply the meddlesome actions of the elderly...”</p>

      <p>“No, I just haven’t completely grasped the point of such an action...”</p>

      <p>“It’s about Lucius. From what you told us just now, he sounds quite skilled. With a personality as repulsive as his, I wouldn’t doubt that Zen’s death could also be attributed to him. Wouldn’t you agree?”</p>

      <p>“...Yes. I have considered it as a possibility.”</p>

      <p>“That being said, I knew Zen very well. At the very least, he wasn’t the type you could easily gain the upper hand on in a fight. Isn’t that right, Gouki?” Homura said, looking at him.</p>

      <p>Gouki nodded silently, before offering his own opinion on the matter. “Yes, most sneak attacks wouldn’t be able to phase a man like him. If that foul man truly took out Zen with his own hands, then reluctant as I am to admit it, I believe he must be quite powerful.”</p>

      <p>“That’s how it is. You must be at least Zen’s strength or greater if you ever wish to confront Lucius. And, even if he didn’t kill Zen, strength is invaluable for a journey like yours, is it not?” Homura asked.</p>

      <p>“Yes,” Rio said, nodding.</p>

      <p>“In that regard, Gouki was once evenly matched with Zen, and now has many years of military experience under his belt. He is a veteran warrior unmatched not only in this kingdom, but the neighboring kingdoms as well. There is no one in this kingdom stronger than this man that could test your true abilities. How about it — would you like to spar with him?”</p>

      <p>In other words, Homura wanted to train Rio.</p>

      <p>On the battlefield, he held the nickname of the “Fierce God Gouki” — the number of strong opponents he had slayed was immeasurable. Under Gouki, his grandchild would be able to gain valuable experience, Homura thought. Behind his words was a glimpse into the utmost faith he had in Gouki.</p>

      <p>“I wouldn’t dare to dream of such a thing. If he would be so kind as to teach me, then I gladly accept.” Rio nodded with a bold smile.</p>

      <p>“Is that so? Then may I leave Rio to you, Gouki?” Homura asked of him.</p>

      <p>“Of course. Accepting this duty would be my honor.” Gouki nodded with plenty of emotion behind the action.</p>

      <p>“Then, I shall leave it to you. ...Now, Rio. Forgive me, but I have come here today using the time between my official duties. We will have to wrap things up for now. Please, make yourself at home under the care of Gouki’s residence. Don’t forget to spar with him.”</p>

      <p>Considering Ayame’s past, Rio’s identity wasn’t to be revealed under any circumstances, so no one was to know of this secret meeting. If the meeting had continued for too long, the unused time in their schedules might be questioned by the retainers, so they had reached their time limit.</p>

      <p>Thus, the meeting moved to wrap itself up for the day.</p>

      <p>“Rio, could you come here for a moment?” Shizuku stood up and suddenly called out to him. “...Yes, of course.” Rio nodded, hesitantly approaching Shizuku. She gently hugged him.</p>

      <p>“You grew up so wonderfully, all by yourself. Well done making it this far. Thank you so much.” Burying her face in Rio’s larger body, Shizuku was moved to tears.</p>

      <p>Rio had stiffened faintly at suddenly being hugged out of the blue, but he soon melted under Shizuku’s warmth. It somehow reminded him of Ayame.</p>

      <p>“No... I’m the one who is happy to be able to meet the two of you.” Rio timidly hugged Shizuku back.</p>

      <p>“Yes...” With a fleeting smile, Shizuku looked up at Rio’s face from up close.</p>

      <p>The expression Rio could see on Shizuku’s face from a distance wasn’t one of royalty, but a loving grandmother instead, though her outward appearance was slightly young for a grandmother. Homura gazed at the two of them with an expression filled with familial love.</p>

      <p>“Now, let us go, Shizuku.”</p>

      <p>“All right...” At Homura’s prompt, Shizuku reluctantly left the room.</p>

      <p>“If you’d please, Sir Rio — Allow me to lead the way.” Once the king and queen had exited, Gouki spoke up quietly.</p>

      <p>“Yes, please do.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>After the meeting, Rio left the royal castle and moved to the Saga estate.</p>

      <p>The Saga family residence was located in a military town close to the heart of the capital, where the streets were quiet and a serene atmosphere hung in the air. Every residence in the area was enclosed within walls, but there wasn’t much greenery for shelter, so the sturdy but wonderful mansions were neatly lined.</p>

      <p>“It’s this way.”</p>

      <p>As for the Saga residence, even amongst the other military town buildings, the mansion was particularly splendid. The materials used were wood and mortar, with some sections painted a crimson red. Rio passed through the gate of the estate as he admired its appearance. When the two guiding him entered the garden, the voice of a young girl echoed.</p>

      <p>“Father! Mother! Welcome home!”</p>

      <p>A cute little girl around ten years of age appeared. She wore a martial arts uniform and hakama, with a single wooden sword clutched in her hand. Her eyes were like beautiful gemstones, her facial features were defined, and her white skin was smooth like porcelain. Each feature was of the finest quality, making her the picture of innocence. Furthermore, her jet-black, silk-like hair reached down her back, rubbing against her clothes to play a beautiful tune.</p>

      <p><em>...Hm?</em></p>

      <p>Rio froze midstep when he saw the girl. He felt like he had seen the girl somewhere before... And very recently, at that.</p>

      <p>A woman appeared behind the girl.</p>

      <p>“My Lord, My Lady... Welcome home. Is that person to be a gues—” The woman gave a respectful greeting when she saw Rio’s face and stiffened on the spot.</p>

      <p>When Rio saw the woman’s face, his sense of deja vu suddenly made sense. The two that had appeared were the people he had encountered walking through the capital just the other day: the girl who had almost been kidnapped, and her bodyguard. He was taken aback by the completely unexpected twist of fate to see them here.</p>

      <p>“How disrespectful, Aoi!” Gouki scolded the woman who had froze at the sight of Rio.</p>

      <p>“P-Please forgive me!” Aoi paled and quickly bowed her head.</p>

      <p>“...My Lord, there must be some kind of reason for this. Aoi, speak your mind.” Kayoko sought an explanation from her, quickly picking up on the reactions that Rio and Aoi had. She suspected that they had possibly been previously acquainted.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm, that person there is the one who saved Lady Komomo,” Aoi disclosed the reason nervously.</p>

      <p>“Saved me?” Komomo, the aforementioned girl, tilted her head curiously. That being said, it was understandable that she couldn’t recall anything, since she had been unconscious for the duration of the kidnapping incident.</p>

      <p>“The other day, I ran into that girl over there being attacked by some ruffians...” Rio confessed somewhat guiltily.</p>

      <p>“O-Ooh?! Is that so! What a tremendous coincidence!” Gouki’s eyes widened when he understood.</p>

      <p>“At the time, I chose to make an exit before things became too troublesome, so it’s only natural for her to be surprised. Please, don’t scold her,” Rio said to help out Aoi.</p>

      <p>“H-Hmm. If that’s how it is, then... we are thankful beyond measure, and are forever in your debt. Aoi, offer your gratitude, too.” Gouki glared at Aoi, who lowered her head at Rio.</p>

      <p>“I-I’m so very sorry for the rudeness I showed earlier! I’d like to offer my utmost gratitude for your generous consideration. Thank you very much!” Aoi expressed her apologies and gratitude with a near-excessive amount of courtesy. Judging by the way Gouki interacted with Rio, she had guessed he was a fairly high-ranking person that was to be respected.</p>

      <p>“N-No, it’s fine... I didn’t do anything special, after all.” Rio shook his head with a strained smile.</p>

      <p>For some reason, he always felt extremely uncomfortable when people treated him with an excessive amount of respect. He slumped his shoulders a little, resigning himself to being worn out by this type of treatment during his stay.</p>

      <p>“Umm... If I may?” Komomo approached Rio timidly.</p>

      <p>“Hm? What is it?”</p>

      <p>“It’s nice to meet you. My name is Saga Komomo — thank you very much for saving me from those ruffians the other day,” Komomo said politely, bowing her head at Rio.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the courtesy. My name is Rio. Were you hurt at all from that?” Rio replied with a faint smile.</p>

      <p>“No. Thanks to you, I’m the picture perfect of health!” Komomo laughed innocently with a fist pump.</p>

      <p>“That’s great to hear.”</p>

      <p>“Lord... Rio, thank you very much for saving my daughter. I would like to thank you from the bottom of my heart as well.”</p>

      <p>The brief pause after the “Lord” title was probably due to the resistance Gouki had within himself. They had decided on the way here that Rio would be treated as a regular guest during his stay in the mansion, but putting that into practice was easier said than done. Gouki and Kayoko’s attitude toward Rio thus far had been more like that of a most valued guest, rather than a regular guest.</p>

      <p>“It was nothing. You have a very cute daughter.”</p>

      <p>“I am honored by the compliment. ...If I may ask, Lord Rio. What would you like to do about the sparring match? Preparations can be made right away, if you so wish.” Gouki happily thanked Rio, before he moved to gauge Rio’s interest in the match.</p>

      <p>“That’s right. Then... May I ask you to make the preparations now?” Rio nodded with a huff of laughter. He was also quite eager for the fight.</p>

      <p>While he had had no lack of sparring partners during his time in the spirit folk village, he had mostly trained by himself since coming to the Yagumo region, so he was quite hungry for a mock battle with someone that was actually powerful.</p>

      <p>“Father, will you be having a contest?!” Komomo’s expression brightened dramatically at the mention of a sparring match.</p>

      <p>“Indeed, a contest it is. Is Hayate in the training grounds?”</p>

      <p>“Yes! I was training there myself just a few moments ago.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Then, you may come along and observe too. There will certainly be something to gain today. Now, Lord Rio — please follow me. This is the way to the training grounds.”</p>

      <p>Thus, Rio, Gouki, Kayoko, Komomo, and Aoi all made their way to the training grounds.</p>

      <p>The party arrived at the grounds to the sight of Hayate silently swinging his wooden sword. The training grounds were outdoors, boasting a rather wide area of land. At the corner of the area was a dojo-like building.</p>

      <p>Hayate spotted Gouki and Kayoko and beamed brightly. “Ooh. Father, mother, welcome ho— Wait, Lord Rio?!” When he noticed Rio behind them, he let out a much more frantic voice.</p>

      <p>“Good day, Lord Hayate. I’d say long time no see, but it hasn’t been that long.” Rio greeted him in lieu of their reunion, smiling wryly at his reaction.</p>

      <p>“I-Indeed. But why are you here, Lord Rio?”</p>

      <p>“Lord Rio will be staying at our house as a guest. We will now have a sparring match together, so you should observe, too. Prepare the wooden swords.” Gouki dismissed Hayate’s bewilderment with a detached explanation.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, sir!” Hayate agreed in a panic and went to fetch the wooden swords for use in a mock battle. After that, the rest of the preparations were completed in the blink of an eye, and Rio and Gouki each took a wooden sword in hand as they faced each other at the center of the training grounds.</p>

      <p>Kayoko, who would act as the referee, approached the two of them.</p>

      <p>“In our kingdom, it is custom before a sparring match for warriors to determine the level of danger, from that of a real combat situation, to something less so. What kind of agreement would you like to spar under?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Lord Gouki, what would you like to do?” Rio inquired.</p>

      <p>“I shall leave it to you, Lord Rio.” Gouki yielded the decision to Rio.</p>

      <p>“In that case, I would like a sparring match that conforms to real combat.” Rio requested without hesitation.</p>

      <p>In response, Gouki lips curled into a smile he couldn’t hold back. Kayoko’s expression also twitched with a faint smile.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Hayate had a strangely troubled look on his face, while Komomo was gazing at Rio with admiration in her eyes. In Aoi’s case, she was watching Rio with anxiety and concern.</p>

      <p>They each had a visibly different expression.</p>

      <p>“...I understand. Then to put it bluntly, anything short of killing is allowed. We can heal a decent amount of injuries with spirit arts, so please don’t hold yourself back. Is that all right?” Kayoko looked at Rio to check.</p>

      <p>“I have no objections,” Rio assented with no sign of fear.</p>

      <p>“Then, both parties — distance yourselves and take your stances.”</p>

      <p>At Kayoko’s orders, Rio and Gouki walked an appropriate distance away, opposite each other. They familiarized themselves with the grip of the wooden swords and assumed their stances.</p>

      <p>“Begin!”</p>

      <p>Kayoko signaled the start of the sparring match.</p>

      <p>Immediately after, Rio moved forward as though he had teleported through space, closing the distance between him and Gouki in an instant and swinging his sword.</p>

      <p>“?!”</p>

      <p>Gouki was astonished by how Rio suddenly appeared before his eyes, but jumped forward without hesitation. He figured that if he tried to carelessly retreat, it would only make him fall more behind at the start of their sparring match. In an all or nothing move, he lowered his defensive stance and ran forward, evading Rio’s sword as he tried to slip into range of his opponent’s chest.</p>

      <p>Rio dropped to his knees at once and aimed a knee strike at Gouki’s stooped stance. However, once he realized the pommel of Gouki’s sword was being aimed at his knees, Rio immediately retreated.</p>

      <p>Both parties distanced themselves and regrouped, adjusting their stances as they examined each other.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm... I was practically unable to predict his movements. Perhaps it is due to the fact that he had to grow up so quickly, but he has amazing skill for such a young age.</em> A cold sweat ran down Gouki’s spine as his mouth curved in a daring smile.</p>

      <p>Normally, for a human to move their body, they needed to put strength into their physique and allow for the accumulation of excess movements. However, when it came to experienced martial artists, they had the eyes to see through excess like that and take the upper hand. They also had the acquired technique to relax their own actions so as to not be seen through by their opponent.</p>

      <p>Through the short exchange just now, Gouki had ascertained that Rio was an experienced fighter.</p>

      <p><em>At that speed, I mustn’t let the distance between us widen tactlessly. Maintaining distance will only lead to me falling behind... And the moment I lose focus is the moment I will be hunted down...</em></p>

      <p>With that in mind, Gouki approached Rio as close as he could get. He figured that at this short distance, Rio wouldn’t be able to use his superhuman speed out of avoidance of a collision... and he wasn’t wrong.</p>

      <p>In the spirit folk village, Rio had learned during his studies of spirit arts to forcefully accelerate his body using wind spirit arts with no excess movements, as well as the ability to combine that with techniques to relax his movements and catch his opponent off guard. However, the drawback of this movement technique of his was that the acceleration was too fast and didn’t allow for maneuverability, meaning its use was limited when his opponent got too close. Because of that, he could only show his true power when fighting in wide fields where he could move freely.</p>

      <p><em>He’s closing the distance between us... I suppose that’s to be expected of one so experienced in battle. He’d probably crush me the moment I try to fall back and widen the distance again. If that’s the case...</em></p>

      <p>Rio admired how Gouki immediately counteracted his speed — as expected of the one they call the Fierce God, he thought. But in that next moment, he relaxed his strength and stepped into Gouki’s space. Gouki immediately reacted by swinging his sword, but Rio easily stopped the blow. Their respective wooden swords came into contact with ferocity, causing a shrill noise to echo throughout the training grounds.</p>

      <p>The two were suddenly right in each other’s space, exchanging blows too fast for the eye to follow. They were both attacking while concealing any signs of attack, and both seeing through the other. After the intense exchange of offensive and defensive moves continued for several moments, the two sword tips struck the ground as though crossing over.</p>

      <p>“How fearsome. To think you’d have such skills at such a young age... You have truly surpassed both Zen and I from back then. And, you have yet to reach your golden age in terms of both body and experience too...” Gouki stopped moving and grinned.</p>

      <p>“The only thing I never stopped doing was training.”</p>

      <p>“I’m beat...” Gouki said as he swung his wooden sword at Rio once more. However, Rio turned his body and cut into Gouki’s side, evading his slash as he let out his own attack. Gouki pulled his thrusted-out sword in immediately, stopping Rio’s blow. Their swords collided fiercely once again as the two of them pushed back at each other in their close-fought match.</p>

      <p>“...It sure doesn’t look that way.”</p>

      <p>“Fights that make my heart dance like this don’t happen too often. Having the opponent be Lord Rio on top of that makes it all the more invigorating.”</p>

      <p>As he spoke, Gouki languidly withdrew his body and immediately stepped forward with force, releasing three consecutive strikes faster than one could visibly detect.</p>

      <p>And yet, Rio handled those strikes deftly.</p>

      <p>Gouki had swung his sword for years — no, decades. His thrusts just now were packed with the fruits of his labor and abilities, which was why Rio thought that Gouki was unmistakably the strongest of all those he had fought up until now. As a human, his physical abilities might have been inferior to werebeasts and dwarves even when enhanced by spirit arts, but his battle techniques far surpassed them.</p>

      <p>“Zen was a man with an innate talent for the arts of battle, but I see that talent has been inherited by you quite thoroughly. No, you may even have more than he did,” Gouki said, launching a two-thrust strike that was even sharper than the earlier three consecutive strikes.</p>

      <p>Rio aimed for the timing of when the second thrust was fully extended to repel Gouki’s sword, making Gouki lose his balance a bit. Rio used that chance to attack, aiming a roundhouse kick to his torso. Gouki tried to immediately guard himself with his left arm, but his entire body was sent flying.</p>

      <p><em>Kuh, using both swordcraft and martial arts together... Splendid.</em> The damage Gouki received was by no means light, but his expression was cheerful.</p>

      <p>Hayate and Aoi watched the sight of Gouki being blown away in dumbfounded silence. Even the calm Kayoko widened her eyes by a fraction.</p>

      <p>Komomo was the only one with sparkling eyes; filled with reverence and adoration, as to not miss a single moment of such a high-order battle unfolding before her.</p>

      <p>Gouki used the momentum of being kicked to unthinkingly widen his distance between himself and Rio. However, Rio moved like the wind, and closed in on Gouki in an instant.</p>

      <p>With no other choice, Gouki responded to Rio’s challenge. He barely managed to deal with Rio’s consecutive attacks, clearly having gone on defense.</p>

      <p>“I can’t believe it... Father...” Hayate was aghast with the thought of Gouki losing.</p>

      <p>He couldn’t believe that Gouki, who had been undefeated until now, was seemingly on the losing side. And to a boy younger than himself, no less. Nevertheless, that was what was unfolding before his eyes. Gouki had yet to make a single telling blow against Rio, while Rio had already made several against Gouki.</p>

      <p>No... If they had been using real swords instead, Gouki would have already been rendered incapacitated.</p>

      <p>Against Gouki’s fighting style, which was focused on his sword, Rio used an ever-changing mix of swordcraft and martial arts as his. On top of making his opponent aware of their sword-focused style, he launched nasty, agonizing attacks without warning.</p>

      <p>Gouki was only blocking the fatal blows with his skill and experience, letting a few good attacks land in between. Gouki’s legs were trembling faintly; it was evidence of the accumulated damage. However, he showed no sign of faltering. He endured it through sheer will and fighting spirit, unwilling to let such a wonderful match end so easily.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha! How thrilling it is indeed!” Gouki yelled with a brazen smile. Then, he purposefully widened the distance with Rio, whose speed surpassed his own, and smoothly braced his sword without hesitation.</p>

      <p><em>Essence is converging around his sword...</em></p>

      <p>Rio immediately noticed that Gouki was trying to use some kind of skill. He could charge forward and close the distance, but that would be a risky move when he didn’t know what skill his opponent was using.</p>

      <p>“F-Father, don’t tell me you’re using that...?!” Hayate yelled from the side of the training grounds. He seemed to have in mind what skill Gouki was about to unleash, as well as the power behind the skill, too.</p>

      <p>Rio showed no sign of fear, however. He raised his own essence as though to face the skill Gouki was about to release head on, and watched carefully.</p>

      <p>“Hidden Skill, First Blade, <em>Air Slash</em>!”</p>

      <p>Gouki swung his sword in a straight line, and a giant horizontal slash in the air came flying toward Rio. It was a wind blade that had been infused with essence through spirit arts.</p>

      <p>Unlike magic, spirit arts didn’t require a spell name to be chanted, so it wasn’t actually necessary to give each and every skill a name. However, as spirit arts were miraculous techniques that put one’s own will and imagination into the essence or ode to communicate with mana and bring about different phenomena, the rationality of skill names leading to enhanced will and imagination was real. It was all the more effective when it came to a swordsman as experienced as Gouki, who had found both his ideal stance and the strong spirit to swing his sword in a single decisive stroke through his daily training.</p>

      <p>In actuality, the blade of wind he had unleashed was extremely powerful. Against regular humans, it would have been able to tear through and mow down several people at once.</p>

      <p>Rio immediately detected the power behind the attack and gave up receiving it with his wooden sword. However, he made no move to evade it, deciding to accept the challenge directly. He manipulated the essence he had drawn from his body and gathered it in his right hand before swinging it like a scythe. Immediately after, a tsunami-like wall of water appeared before Rio’s eyes, crashing into the wind blade.</p>

      <p>An explosive sound echoed throughout the training grounds as wind and water scattered about the surroundings.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>