<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter21"><div class="main">

      <p>The sounds of insects could be heard echoing around him, and the plants rustled in the wind to form a symphony with the sound of the movement of Rio’s sword. It was such a pleasant feeling that he almost wanted to keep training forever — but with dinner waiting for him, Rio finished revising his sword movements and moved onto his body formation next.</p>

      <p>Around ten minutes of moving his body later, Rio came to a sudden stop.</p>

      <p>“This isn’t interesting to watch, is it?” he called out with a wry smile to Ruri and Sayo, who were standing by the doorway and silently watching on. Sayo’s body flinched.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, so you noticed us after all? Is that what they call martial arts? Your movements were so graceful, I couldn’t help but watch,” Ruri said, giving a carefree smile.</p>

      <p>“It’s just my daily training,” Rio replied with a strained smile.</p>

      <p>“No, no, it’s really impressive. I can’t believe you can keep at it without getting bored. You’ve done it every day since you came here,” Ruri said with earnest admiration.</p>

      <p>“Huh? You do this every day?” Sayo’s eyes widened in surprise.</p>

      <p>For the record, she was here because she felt too awkward to go home and face Shin after their earlier squabble, so Ruri forcefully dragged her with them. Rio had briefly wondered about what Shin would eat for dinner, but Sayo reassured him there were leftovers from breakfast.</p>

      <p>“Yup, he does this at least once a day around this time. Amazing, right?” Ruri gave a small shrug.</p>

      <p>“Yes, it’s amazing...”</p>

      <p>“By the way, I’ve always wanted to ask. Why did you start learning martial arts, Rio?” Ruri suddenly brought up her question, figuring it was a good opportunity to do so.</p>

      <p>“Why, you ask?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I don’t really understand martial arts, but even to my amateur eye, I can tell your training is impressive. Not everyone can put in the amount of effort to reach that level.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s see... It’s a little embarrassing to say since it’s so simple, but I think any young boy would have the same reason,” Rio replied with a grin, having carefully considered his answer.</p>

      <p>“Eeeh, what’s with that?! I’m so curious! Don’t you wanna know, too, Sayo?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah. I want to hear more.”</p>

      <p>Ruri and Sayo were both brimming with curiosity.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha... What to do. May I put on my clothes first?” Rio gave a wry smile before picking up his towel and clothes he had left to the side.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Ah, yeah. Sorry, sorry. Go ahead,” Ruri replied a bit shyly, though she hadn’t really cared since they were both cloaked in the darkness of the night.</p>

      <p>Sayo only noticed after Rio’s comment, too, making her suddenly flush red and look down. Rio took that chance to quickly wipe his sweat off and throw a shirt on.</p>

      <p>“All right, now that you’ve got your clothes on, tell us already! Why did you start learning martial arts?” Ruri pressed for an answer. Having calmed down, Sayo approached Rio to make sure she didn’t miss anything.</p>

      <p>Rio gave in to their demands, and began to tell his story. “It’s just from when I was a child, okay?” he said, as though he were ashamed.</p>

      <p>“Back then, there was a girl I liked... I wanted to become stronger so I could protect her.”</p>

      <p>“...Huh. You had a girl you liked, Rio? That’s kind of unexpected. Wait, does that mean you don’t like that girl anymore?” Ruri asked with wide eyes.</p>

      <p>“...It doesn’t mean I hate her or anything, it’s just that we’re estranged. She might have a lover already, or she may not even remember me...” Rio spoke with a smile and a small huff of laughter, but his gaze seemed distant.</p>

      <p>“Sir Rio, you worked so hard for that girl... Won’t you have a chance to meet her again?” Sayo asked timidly, looking closely at Rio’s expression.</p>

      <p>“I don’t even know where she is. The last time we met was a long time ago.” Rio shook his head slowly.</p>

      <p>“But, if she’s alive, you may meet her again someday, Rio. All your efforts might pay off,” Ruri said in a bright voice, wanting to uplift the gloomy atmosphere.</p>

      <p>“...You’re right. And, well... Now I’m training for my own sake.” Rio nodded and gave a vague smile.</p>

      <p>Ruri and Sayo looked at each other. “Really?” They asked together.</p>

      <p>“Yes. It’s partly because I’m scared of losing something I’ve spent years cultivating, but I also need to be strong in order to travel alone. You can only fight the unreasonable with raw power itself.” Rio lightly formed a fist, speaking in a stiff voice.</p>

      <p>“Is it really that dangerous? Traveling alone...” Sayo asked hesitantly, noticing the air around Rio tensing up.</p>

      <p>“Yes. There are dangerous animals and dangerous people.” Rio seemed to be aware of how he had stiffened up, and answered with a softer tone to his voice this time.</p>

      <p>“That’s... true...” Sayo nodded weakly.</p>

      <p>In this world, a person’s life was a fragile thing. People died from illness and famine. People died from war. People even died from being attacked by wild animals and bandits.</p>

      <p>That was why it wouldn’t be strange for Rio to be attacked during his journey alone, and it wouldn’t be strange for him to defend himself by killing them. That was the first thought that came to Sayo’s mind.</p>

      <p>However, she was too scared to know the truth, so she didn’t ask any more than that.</p>

      <p>“Sorry for talking for so long. You two must be cold. Shall we head inside?” Rio changed the subject, making a suggestion with a bitter smile.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, let’s. I came to call you because dinner was done, but I completely forgot about it.” Ruri agreed with a laugh. Sayo also smiled, giggling.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that’s right. Do you want to bathe together after dinner, Sayo? In the bathtub Rio built. You still haven’t tried it, right?” Ruri offered.</p>

      <p>“Can I really? It was only just built recently, so the wait list was really long...”</p>

      <p>The small bathhouse Rio had constructed was currently the talk of the town, with many villagers all wanting to try it. As a result, a wait list had been formed.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine, it’s fine. We lend it out to whoever wants to use it, but it’s still our bathtub in the end. Residents of the house and their guests can enter it at any time,” Ruri said smugly.</p>

      <p>“Okay... Then — yes, please. Thank you very much, too, Sir Rio.” Sayo had been a little hesitant about receiving any kind of favorable treatment, but she lost to the temptation of the bathtub and ultimately nodded. She bowed her head at Rio and Sayo.</p>

      <p>“All right, it’s decided! So, please make us some hot water later, Rio!” Ruri clapped her hands together in request.</p>

      <p>There was a bath heater installed in the bathhouse to heat the water for the bathtub, but it was much faster to have Rio make the hot water with his spirit arts. And, more importantly, it didn’t use up any firewood.</p>

      <p>“Sure thing. Leave it to me,” Rio said, nodding willingly.</p>

      <p>“Ehehe, thank you! You can peep at Sayo when she’s changing as a thank you,” Ruri said teasingly.</p>

      <p>“R-Ruri!” Sayo yelled with a bright red face.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, it’s just a joke!” Ruri said, retreating while she laughed.</p>

      <p>Sayo made eye contact with Rio right beside her. “Geez! ...Ah, Sir Rio, please don’t peep at me, okay?” She pleaded in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Of course I won’t,” Rio answered immediately, ever the gentleman.</p>

      <p><em>...But if it was Rio, a little peek would be okay,</em> Sayo thought.</p>

      <p>Her cheeks immediately flushed right after — her heart seemed to be in a bit of turmoil.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>