<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8">
    <div class="main">

      <h1>Chapter 8: An Unexpected Visitor</h1>

      <p>On a day after winter had arrived, when the villagers were holed up inside from the cold, Gouki visited the village without warning.</p>

      <p>His business had to do with inviting Rio to visit Homura and Shizuku in the castle once more, so Rio departed for the capital again. It had been several months since they last met, but there was none of the nerves from last time as Rio calmly took part in the secret meeting.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry for calling you here so suddenly, in the cold,” Homura said after they exchanged some simple greetings and took their seats.</p>

      <p>“No, there’s no work to be done in the village during winter to begin with.”</p>

      <p>“Come to think of it, the last time we met, it was the fall season. We actually wanted to meet you a little earlier, but there was still much business we wanted to finish tending to first.” Being unable to meet their grandson when they wanted to was saddening — Homura sighed as though to say just that.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for taking the opportunity to meet me during such a busy time.”</p>

      <p>“No, it’s fine. Besides, we had something important we wanted to discuss this time.” Homura looked at him with a somewhat questioning look.</p>

      <p>“Something important?” Rio asked, adjusting his posture.</p>

      <p>“Yes. It has to do with you getting your revenge,” Homura said quietly.</p>

      <p>“What would you like to discuss?” Rio questioned with a slightly stiff expression.</p>

      <p>“Hm. First of all, I detest Lucius too. Emotionally, I wish for nothing more than to assist you... But, as the king, I unfortunately cannot leave this kingdom.”</p>

      <p>“I believe that was to be expected...”</p>

      <p>“...And that is why I thought of preparing a small number of retainers to gift you. They will lend you their strength on behalf of Shizuku and I. Won’t you use them as needed?”</p>

      <p>“Huh... Eh?” The bombshell Homura dropped took Rio by surprise, making him freeze on the spot.</p>

      <p>“What do you say?” Homura asked again, warmly watching over Rio’s dumbfounded surprise.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm, no, I couldn’t possibly...” Rio expressed signs of his disapproval, but Homura wasn’t about to back down just like that.</p>

      <p>“I plan on assigning you a dozen or so retainers. They will be led by Gouki and Kayoko.”</p>

      <p>“...And did the others agree to the two of them?” Rio nearly felt like clutching his head in his hands, but he endured it with his mind of steel and voiced his question, looking over at Gouki and Kayoko within the room.</p>

      <p>“Naturally,” Homura confirmed. Gouki and Kayoko also vigorously nodded their heads, and Rio finally realized that Homura and Shizuku were serious.</p>

      <p>“If someone as great as Lord Gouki disappeared from this kingdom, I believe the repercussions would be significant, to say the least...” Rio addressed the main issue in a roundabout way.</p>

      <p>Gouki was renowned for being the greatest warrior of the Karasuki Kingdom. His strength was on par with an army of a thousand, and he had garnered great results and trust from the kingdom. For Gouki to abandon that and disappear without a trace, there would no doubt be an uproar within the kingdom.</p>

      <p>“Worry not. The necessary arrangements regarding that have already been made — it’s the basics of politics.”</p>

      <p>“...Is that so.”</p>

      <p>Rio found himself at a loss for words, having been told so confidently that there was no problem. It was clear that they had considered their words carefully, so if he spoke without rationally forming his argument, he might end up sealing the deal.</p>

      <p>“However, Lord Gouki has his family, not to mention the history of the Saga family and their public duties. What shall become of those?” Rio reasoned as he began his rebuttal.</p>

      <p>“That is not an issue. The only ones to become your retainers from the Saga family are Gouki and Kayoko. Although, Komomo did say she will come along too, her being a retainer or not aside,” Homura said, glancing at Gouki and Kayoko.</p>

      <p>“Yes. We will be bringing Komomo along, but my son and all the others will remain in this land. Thus, it shall not impede the continuance of the Saga family in this kingdom,” Gouki said in an unwavering tone.</p>

      <p>“My destination — the Strahl region — isn’t a journey that can be so easily returned from. Lord Gouki alone may take several months to make the trip. There is a possibility you may not meet your family again.”</p>

      <p>“As a warrior, one must always be prepared for the possibility of never seeing their family again when they venture onto the battlefield. This is no different,” Gouki said.</p>

      <p>It was difficult to rationally argue against such views of life when brought up so instantaneously.</p>

      <p>“No, but that isn’t the issue... How will you explain this to Lord Hayate and the others?”</p>

      <p>“Though it may have been presumptuous of us, we have already explained everything to my son. Everyone has accepted it.”</p>

      <p>“And that applies to the others accompanying us, too? Wouldn’t some of them feel reluctant to leave the kingdom?”</p>

      <p>“Due to various circumstances, the others are all members of the undercover squad associated with my family. They have no kin, are devoted, and are all extremely skilled, so they shall not be a hindrance.”</p>

      <p>“...However, there is no proof that that man — that Lucius is even alive,” Rio said, trying to convince Gouki not to accompany him.</p>

      <p>“Sir Rio, this is an opportunity that we have yearned for for a long time. While our hatred for Lucius plays a large part of it, this is a once in a lifetime chance for Kayoko and I to fulfill the dearest wish we were unable to accomplish in the past. So, please, I beg this of you,” Gouki implored, bowing his head deeply at Rio.</p>

      <p>With that, Rio finally understood. Gouki and the others weren’t coming along because they were ordered to, they were coming along because they wanted to. His clumsy logical arguments weren’t going to be enough to make them back down. But, even then, Rio had no intention of making Gouki and the others his retainers. It wasn’t a matter of logic — he just didn’t think he was strong enough to bear the weight of the lives of others. Which was why...</p>

      <p>“I cannot accept your assistance. I appreciate the thought, but this is something I must do myself.” Rio could only reject Gouki and the others’ intentions.</p>

      <p>“I see. So, it has come to this after all...” Homura groaned bitterly. It seemed he had predicted Rio’s refusal from the beginning. Gouki and the others didn’t seem to be too shaken, either.</p>

      <p>“Rio... We hate Lucius just as you do, and we cannot rest easy until he bears responsibility. As we feel the same as you, we cannot allow you to shoulder all the burden of revenge by yourself,” Homura said hesitantly to Rio.</p>

      <p>“That is... Even so — no. Furthermore, it is not that I wish to look down upon you, but Lord Gouki and the others wouldn’t be able to keep up with me.” Rio shook his head firmly.</p>

      <p>“What... do you mean? The party consists of the finest warriors in my kingdom. I find it hard to believe that they will not be able to keep up...”</p>

      <p>“This is what I mean...”</p>

      <p><em>It’d be faster to just show them; they would have no choice but to back down at the utter gap in their abilities.</em> With that thought, Rio willingly revealed one of the tricks he had up his sleeve.</p>

      <p>As he spoke those last few words, Rio used his wind spirit arts. A breeze stirred in the room, lifting Rio’s body into the air. Homura and the others widened their eyes in mute amazement.</p>

      <p>“Wha... A-Are you floating?”</p>

      <p>“It’s not simply floating. I can move by flying through the air. And so, you won’t be able to keep up with me just by enhancing your physical body with spirit arts, since I can fly right over any obstacles.”</p>

      <p>The hand that Rio revealed was incredibly effective; Homura and the others listened to Rio’s commentary in awe.</p>

      <p>“...To think that wind spirit arts could be used in such a way... Gouki, you specialize in wind spirit arts. Can you do the same?” Homura asked. Gouki’s face twisted in frustration.</p>

      <p>“...I cannot,” he replied.</p>

      <p><em>So, this was the gimmick behind the extraordinary speed he showed during the sparring match. I see...</em> Gouki realized with chagrin.</p>

      <p>If it was just using wind to push his body from behind, then Gouki was capable of it, too, but he couldn’t use it in a real combat situation. If he made any sort of error in output force or direction, it would have conversely placed him in even greater trouble.</p>

      <p>“Can you think of anyone else who can do this?”</p>

      <p>“...No, I cannot. I myself am capable of creating a gust of wind and sending myself through he air, but when it comes to floating in the air with such stability...”</p>

      <p>“Is that so... I understand. Rio, we will back down for now. But, please, would you keep this offer in the back of your head? You may change your mind before you depart.”</p>

      <p>“...I understand.”</p>

      <p>Though he doubted that would happen, Rio agreed.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>The day after he declined the gift of retainers from Homura, Rio was staying at the Saga residence, just like the last time he was in the capital. There, Komomo had badgered him until he agreed to join her in training practice. Once their training had lulled, Komomo suddenly asked him a question.</p>

      <p>“Will you be heading toward the far western lands, Sir Rio?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, that’s right,” Rio nodded.</p>

      <p>“Umm! I wish to accompany you, Sir Rio!” Komomo proposed without a moment’s delay. Her face had an expression of true purity as she looked up at Rio with a cheerful grin.</p>

      <p>“...You can’t.”</p>

      <p>Komomo’s puppy eyes held a charm that caused any person, regardless of gender, to fall for her demands, but Rio somehow managed to resist them.</p>

      <p>“I can’t... no matter what?”</p>

      <p>“No matter what.” Rio shook his head curtly.</p>

      <p>“Aww...” Komomo puff her cheeks in a pout.</p>

      <p>“Lord Gouki, please refrain from using your daughter as a means of temptation,” Rio raised as an objection, seeing straight through the instigator behind her. He turned to give an exasperated look to Gouki, who was watching the training take place from beside them.</p>

      <p>“Hum, it seems I’ve been seen through.”</p>

      <p>“Obviously. Even for Komomo, the journey would be far too harsh for a ten-year-old girl, you realize? Please, don’t be absurd.”</p>

      <p>While there had been a precedent before, Rio chose not to mention Latifa.</p>

      <p>“But Komomo has acquired the ability to enhance herself through spirit arts. The long road would be a good learning experience for her.”</p>

      <p>“No, it’s not meant to be a learning experience...”</p>

      <p>While the long and harsh journey may indeed be a good learning experience, the muscle-headed optimism of treating it as a training opportunity made Rio sigh. The fact that Komomo herself was ready and rearing to go left him at even more of a loss.</p>

      <p>“At any rate, the only one who will be heading to the Strahl region is me.”</p>

      <p>“...That is true. The earlier meeting showed just how resolute you are. If you are adamant that it is impossible, then we mustn’t insist on accompanying you anymore.” Gouki smiled wryly with a small shrug.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Uh, right...” Rio was taken aback at how easily Gouki gave up. To be honest, he had expected a bit more resistance, which was why he couldn’t help but send an examining look Gouki’s way.</p>

      <p>“Hm, what is the matter?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, no. If Lord Gouki is fine with that, then I have no particular objections...” Fearing causing more trouble for himself, Rio refrained from asking any further.</p>

      <p>“But it <em>is</em> a little lonely. We don’t have very many opportunities to meet you to begin with, so to think of you leaving for somewhere far away is... You’ll be returning to the village in a few days, yes?” Komomo hung her head as she expressed her feelings.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Unfortunately, that is the case.” Rio nodded with a troubled expression.</p>

      <p>“Then, when does that mean we can meet again?”</p>

      <p>“Let’s see... That would depend on the availability of His and Her Majesty, but I believe the earliest would be next month...”</p>

      <p>“After next month...” Komomo became even more gloomy.</p>

      <p>“Komomo...” Rio looked down at Komomo with a conflicted expression.</p>

      <p>“I... I wish to go to Sir Rio’s village,” Komomo whispered, looking up at Rio’s face.</p>

      <p>“To... my village?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I wish to remain by your side. I’d like to have you train me more, and I want to know what the village you are living in is like.” Unable to hold back her tenacity, Komomo spilled all her desires.</p>

      <p>While he couldn’t permit her to follow him to the Strahl region, if it was only as far as the village, then Rio didn’t mind at all.</p>

      <p>“Well, there shouldn’t be an issue as long as Lord Gouki and Yuba permit it...” Rio muttered.</p>

      <p>“...Hm. There are no objections on my side. I haven’t allowed her outside much ever since the kidnapping attempt, so it may be a good change of pace.” Gouki began to consider it optimistically.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Can I really?”</p>

      <p>“I do not mind. While I am not so sure about other villages, this is the village that Sir Rio is living in. Hmm... For now, I shall pen a letter to Yuba and discuss it with her,” Gouki said enthusiastically, walking from the training grounds toward the mansion to begin his aforementioned task.</p>

      <p>“...I can go to Sir Rio’s village?!” Komomo asked Rio in delight.</p>

      <p>“N-Not yet, it hasn’t been finalized...” Rio faltered and shook his head.</p>

      <p><em>Was I a bit too hasty?</em> he reassessed, but it was a little too late to wonder.</p>

      <p>After that, arrangements were made in a flurry, and Komomo’s stay in the village was decided; it was for an extended period of time, along with her caretaker, Aoi. And as long as they had the time to do so, there was the added bonus of Gouki, Kayoko, and Hayate occasionally coming to visit.</p>

      <p>Rio had a hunch that winter was about to get quite busy.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>Several weeks later, Rio was walking through the village, showing Komomo around.</p>

      <p>“It’s like a dream... Being able to come to Sir Rio’s village like this. The scenery is beautiful and the air is clear — I think it’s a wonderful place,” Komomo said with great delight.</p>

      <p>“The capital is brimming with people, after all. You can’t enjoy this kind of scenery very often. I’m glad you find it to your liking, Komomo,” Rio replied with a slightly strained smile.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>