<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter31"><div class="main">

      <p>That was the only thing in Rio’s mind as he moved his fist with just the right amount of control. He couldn’t see anything else around himself, but his rage that bordered on insanity engulfed those watching on.</p>

      <p>Ruri’s body simply trembled, whereas Sayo cried for Rio to stop. Hayate stood stock still in a daze.</p>

      <p>“What’s going on?!” Awakened by the commotion, Yuba and Hayate’s aides came running out of the front door with torches in hand. Thanks to that, Hayate finally snapped out of his stupor.</p>

      <p>“N-No! Enough, Lord Rio! He will die if you hit him any more!” he said, trying to stop Rio in a panic.</p>

      <p><em>He’ll die?</em></p>

      <p>Of course he would, Rio was trying to <em>kill</em> him, after all. Spurred on by Hayate’s words, Rio straddled Gon’s body and moved to punch him even more, but Hayate grabbed Rio’s fist before it made contact. He glanced at Ruri and Sayo huddling together.</p>

      <p>“Wait, Lord Rio! I understand how you feel, but you are frightening the girls. This man will face retribution in due time, but we must hear his testimony too. So, please. Won’t you stay your hand?” he pleaded strongly.</p>

      <p>Rio finally came to his senses and looked at the two inside the room. His eyes made contact with Ruri, who immediately turned her face away, while Sayo was looking at Rio with terrible sadness in her eyes. That was when Rio finally let his fist fall limp.</p>

      <p>Still, an indescribable rage continued to swirl around inside his chest. He couldn’t bear to look at Gon’s face any longer, otherwise he really would kill him.</p>

      <p>“Gah... Hah... Hah...”</p>

      <p>Rio let go of Gon’s collar and slammed the back of his head against the ground — hard. Gon’s face was so swollen already that he couldn’t feel any more pain from the impact. His breath came out in ragged gasps, and it was difficult to tell whether he was still conscious or not.</p>

      <p>Rio let out a heavy sigh filled with all his irritation toward Gon; he didn’t feel even a shred of guilt looking at his state. He calmly wondered if he was such a cold-hearted person, as if he were a third-party spectator looking in on the situation.</p>

      <p>“Is that... Gon?” Yuba approached fearfully, hovering the torch in her hand over to clearly reveal Gon’s face.</p>

      <p>“Yes. He was caught red-handed trying to assault Lady Ruri and Lady Sayo. Please take care of them.”</p>

      <p>Hayate gave Yuba a brief explanation before directing her toward the girls.</p>

      <p>“...I understand.” Yuba nodded with a solemn expression and went over to the girls inside the room.</p>

      <p>“All of you, split up. One group will go and apprehend the accomplices that have been knocked out outside, while the other group will head to the cabin where their fellow travelers are staying and investigate the situation there,” Hayate directed his attendants, who nodded and swiftly followed their orders.</p>

      <p>Next, Hayate began to cast a healing spirit art on Gon’s wounded face. He summoned a faint healing light in his hand and brought it close to Gon’s face. The rate of recovery was clearly slow, though; Hayate perhaps did not specialize in healing spirit arts, or he could have been weakening the healing effect on purpose. Rio was capable of performing a much stronger level of healing spirit art, but he chose to stand there and watch in silence.</p>

      <p>Eventually, Gon recovered up to a certain point, and groaned. “Uh, uugh...”</p>

      <p>“Hey, are you awake?” Hayate said to Gon.</p>

      <p>“I-It... Ith hur... hurths... Help... me...” Gon was moving his mouth desperately.</p>

      <p>“...Lord Hayate. Allow me to handle the healing. I specialize in healing spirit arts, so I can heal him until he can speak properly.”</p>

      <p>No one knew what Rio was thinking as he made such an offer to Hayate. Without waiting for Hayate’s agreement, he came right up to them and placed a hand against Gon’s face to cast the spirit art.</p>

      <p>“Oh... This is...” Hayate muttered, seeing the swelling on Gon’s face fade away.</p>

      <p>For a moment, he feared Rio would kill Gon on the spot, but seeing the healing being carried out exactly as stated made him give Rio the benefit of the doubt. Roughly ten seconds passed until Gon’s face had recovered enough for him to open his eyes. Rio stopped his healing spirit arts and gave Gon a direct order.</p>

      <p>“Hey, wake up. You can speak now, right?”</p>

      <p>“E-Eek! <em>You</em>!” Gon peeled open his swollen eyes, only to spot Rio’s face and react in shock. He tried to gather his strength and yell, but the pain made his face pull into a tight grimace.</p>

      <p>“Watch how you speak. Who do you think healed you? Do you want me to undo what I just did?” Rio said coldly, making Gon gulp in pure fear. His hostility toward Rio had completely quieted and his gaze wandered in search of help.</p>

      <p>“Lord Rio...” Unable to meet Gon’s eyes, Hayate called Rio’s name.</p>

      <p>“Lord Hayate. How will this be dealt with?” Rio inquired with a cold voice.</p>

      <p>“...Though it was unsuccessful, attempted rape is still a felony. He was caught in the act with myself, a government official, as witness. No one would complain if he was cut down right here and now. Or, you could seek punishment from the kingdom, in which case he would either be sentenced to the death penalty, or forced into penal slavery. He does have ties to this village, though, so the final decision is up to the affected parties or Lady Yuba,” Hayate replied, looking at Ruri and Sayo.</p>

      <p>“Is that so...” Rio responded with a frown, but immediately took on the emotionless mask on his face as he looked down at Gon with an icy glare.</p>

      <p>“That’s how it is. You’ll behave until everything is settled, won’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Eek...” Gon trembled with a start.</p>

      <p>“Answer me.”</p>

      <p>“I-I got it! Ah, n-no, I understand! I’ll behave!” Rio’s faint irritation made Gon answer in fear.</p>

      <p><em>It seems like the hypnosis is working.</em> Rio turned an examining gaze toward Gon.</p>

      <p>He had cast a spirit art of hypnosis on Gon as he was healing him before. While the effects of hypnosis arts weren’t permanent, they were often used for immoral purposes, so the spirit folk village had treated them as forbidden arts, depending on the intention of the use and the matter of the suggestion.</p>

      <p>This time, the hypnosis Rio had cast leaned toward those forbidden arts. He had planted the suggestion that Gon should fear him.</p>

      <p>Rio had never cast any hypnosis arts until now, but he didn’t hesitate to use it on Gon. Even if it went against his own morals, he wanted to thoroughly crush Gon’s mind.</p>

      <p>Gon had taken a severe beating at Rio’s hands already, so the effects of the hypnosis took hold easily. It was even possible for the effects to linger after the hypnosis wore off.</p>

      <p>Rio’s face twisted with a sour expression as he tore his gaze away from Gon. Then, he looked around at everyone standing and offered a word of apology.</p>

      <p>“...Please accept my deepest apologies for losing my composure so dreadfully. It must have been quite unsightly, especially for Ruri and Sayo...”</p>

      <p>“N-No, not at all. It’s all right.”</p>

      <p>“T-Thank you very much, Sir Rio!”</p>

      <p>Ruri shook her head hesitantly while Sayo thanked Rio in a shrill voice.</p>

      <p>“...No, I have done nothing to be thanked for. I did something that hurt you two even more than you were already.”</p>

      <p>“It’s okay, Rio. We’re fine, really...” Ruri answered worriedly because of the regretful expression on Rio’s face. She really wanted to ask how he was doing himself, but for some reason, she felt as though she shouldn’t.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, I’m feeling a little tired. May I leave the rest to you?” Rio averted his gaze from Ruri and Sayo guiltily, turning toward Yuba and Hayate instead. He felt as though he shouldn’t remain at the scene any longer.</p>

      <p>“Sure, we can talk properly later. Leave this to us for now. Thank you.” Yuba nodded with a gentle smile. Hayate also met Rio’s eyes and nodded with force.</p>

      <p>“...Thank you very much. Then, if you’d please excuse me.” With those words, Rio turned on his heel. He went around to the front and entered the house.</p>

      <p>“Ah...” Sayo was about to follow after Rio when Ruri’s hand stopped her. Her shoulders slumped as she wondered in a daze if it was really okay to leave things like this, but Ruri simply shook her head. There was no way to know the answer to that.</p>

      <p>Rio returned to his room and lay on his sleeping mat, looking up at the ceiling. His face twisted on the verge of tears as he reflected on himself and how shameful his actions really were.</p>

      <p>After behaving so violently — as though <em>he</em> had been the victim — and making the scene more chaotic, then scaring Ruri and Sayo, he was the first to run away.</p>

      <p>He probably had a terrible image now, having made them accommodate his needs. In the end, he had most likely caused a huge amount of trouble.</p>

      <p>“How pathetic,” Rio muttered to himself, then gritted his teeth and came to a decision.</p>

      <p>Tomorrow would be the start of a new day. He might never return to his old self, but he would endeavor toward doing just that — on the outside, at least. That way, they would be able to return to those peaceful days once more.</p>

      <p>For the whole night, Rio remained curled up on his futon, body trembling from his self-loathing.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>