<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter51"><div class="main">

      <p>“As soon as the security guards get here, I’ll let them escort him to the internment center and make him confess who he was working for.”</p>

      <p>“I see... Well, it seems like the guards have just arrived.” As the two spoke, guards that had heard the commotion came running.</p>

      <p>Rio heard them asking what had happened and looked at them, which drew the woman’s attention to them.</p>

      <p>“Over here!” she yelled.</p>

      <p>Rio took that chance to approach Sayo. “Let’s go, Sayo,” he said, taking her by the hand and pulling her along as he started to walk off.</p>

      <p>“Eh? Ah, but... Are you sure?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I’d like to stay out of any trouble, if possible,” Rio said with a bitter smile at Sayo’s confusion.</p>

      <p>“Ah, wait! Hold on!” The woman whose name he didn’t know called out in a fluster from behind him as she realized they were leaving. However, Rio took Sayo and promptly disappeared into the crowd of people.</p>

      <p>After that, they somehow managed to finish their shopping by evening, and returned to their lodgings. Once they went inside, the women of the squad immediately took notice of the hairpin in Sayo’s hair, then hounded Sayo with questions, until she turned bright red, as she usually did.</p>

      <p>Rio managed to get away before he got involved by pretending to talk about the day’s sales with the other men. The sales were going well, and they expected to depart for the village within a few days.</p>

      <p>That estimation was on the mark, as Rio and the others left for the village several days later. Thus, their trades at the capital ended safely, and their journey back to the village proceeded without incident.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>Just as Rio and the others arrived back at the village, Hayate had also finished his duties and returned to the capital. After storing the land tax in the royal castle’s storehouses, he went straight home to the Saga family’s mansion.</p>

      <p>As he went through the gates of his family home, the retainers of his house came out to greet him. The head of the Saga family — his father, Gouki — had ordered him to see him immediately upon his return. Hayate had intended on doing so anyway in order to greet him upon his return. However, he noticed the air around the family retainers was rather tense.</p>

      <p>“Did something happen?” he asked one of them. Once he had been told that his little sister, Komomo, had nearly been kidnapped, he hurried to Gouki’s room without bothering to change.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me, father. It is Hayate. I have just returned home.”</p>

      <p>“Hm... Enter. Have you heard yet?” Gouki granted Hayate permission to enter his room, then immediately cut to the chase once they were facing each other.</p>

      <p>“Yes — that Komomo was nearly kidnapped.”</p>

      <p>“They got us good. Aiming for the only day of the month Komomo secretly goes to the market for field study,” Gouki uttered, vexed.</p>

      <p>“Are you saying that the crime was planned in advance?” Hayate questioned.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. The apprehended perpetrator confessed. Apparently, one of the servants in our house leaked the information. I’ve an idea regarding the mastermind behind it, but I lack proof. So, I’ve decided to conduct a sting operation to capture the servant. We should get results immediately,” Gouki reported on the situation indifferently, letting a cold and dark smile peek through.</p>

      <p>“I see your response is as quick as always. How is Komomo...?”</p>

      <p>“Happy and healthy in mind and body. She’s been devoting herself to training day and night because of her embarrassment.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Miss Aoi has done well.”</p>

      <p>Hayate sighed in relief to hear that his little sister Komomo was healthy. While they may have let someone make the first move, the Saga family’s bodyguards were excellent, reliable, and trustworthy.</p>

      <p>For the record, Aoi was Komomo’s personal attendant, and the person in charge of protecting her and her surroundings. Because Aoi accompanied Komomo absolutely everywhere, Hayate assumed the one that saved Komomo had been Aoi.</p>

      <p>“Actually, an unknown boy was the one that saved Komomo and apprehended the perpetrator. One with splendid skills, at that.” Gouki corrected Hayate with an expression that conveyed he was at a complete loss.</p>

      <p>“Oh? What a wonderful person he must be. I would love to pay him a visit and express my gratitude. Where might I find him?” Impressed, Hayate inquired after his whereabouts without thinking.</p>

      <p>“As I said, it was an unknown boy. One who disappeared immediately, that is. We have no idea who or what he is.” Gouki sighed listlessly and shook his head.</p>

      <p>“That... is a problem.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed — it’s a problem. We can’t even thank him. Well... That’s all I have to inform you of for now. Has anything changed on your side?”</p>

      <p>“No, there have been no signs of anyone targeting me as of yet...”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>Hayate placed a hand against his mouth in thought, then recalled the letter tucked into his chest pocket and took it out. “...Oh, but there <em>is</em> something. This is unrelated to Komomo, but Lady Yuba entrusted me with a letter for you, father.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? From Lady Yuba, you say. Let me have a look.”</p>

      <p>Gouki accepted the letter from Hayate and opened it with a refined gesture that was unsuiting of his stern physique. He then unrolled the scroll, shifted his center of gravity, and stared intently at the letter.</p>

      <p><em>It’s hard to believe there is anyone so foolish as to wrong this family with my father as the head...</em></p>

      <p>As Gouki read the letter, Hayate contemplated over Komomo’s kidnapping attempt.</p>

      <p>Gouki was a renowned military figure, said to be the strongest in the Kingdom of Karasuki and feared for his second name, the Fierce God Gouki. There were tales of how he once caused ten thousand enemies to tremble in the war with the neighboring Kingdom of Rokuren.</p>

      <p>He was generally strict with his family, too, especially during Hayate’s training, which was a time when he truly acted like a demon. However, he was much softer in front of his daughter, Komomo.</p>

      <p>As Hayate was lost in such thoughts, Gouki muttered his name.</p>

      <p>“...Hayate.”</p>

      <p>His voice was wavering slightly. No, not just his voice — the hands that clutched the letter, and his boulder-like body, were both faintly trembling.</p>

      <p>He had evidently been shaken by something.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes. What is it?” Hayate asked in a high-pitched voice, his eyes widening in surprise.</p>

      <p>“And so, you met Sir R-... I mean, a boy named Rio?” Gouki asked about Rio for some reason.</p>

      <p>“Yes. We interacted during my stay at Lady Yuba’s residence...”</p>

      <p>“What kind of boy was he?”</p>

      <p>“...He had a good-natured personality. Gentle and polite, he was a very serious boy. He seemed to be a practitioner of martial arts, as his skills showed. He was most certainly a person of interest. I almost wanted to invite him to our family, if he was not serving anyone else. I believe you would have liked him, too, father.” Despite finding the question strange, Hayate spoke about his impression of Rio honestly.</p>

      <p>“Fool. You’ve no idea...” Gouki muttered with a huff, but it was too quiet to reach Hayate’s ears.</p>

      <p>“Yes?” Hayate tilted his head.</p>

      <p>Gouki chuckled to himself with a grin and stood up straight. “I will be taking Kayoko out of the house for a while. You wait on the estate with Komomo.”</p>

      <p>With that, Gouki walked out of the room.</p>

      <p>“...What was that about?” Hayate muttered in a daze to no one in particular, now alone in the room.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>