<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 17</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: New Reunions, New Meetings</h1>

      <p>Two weeks after Rio and the others left the Strahl region and arrived at the spirit folk village, they quickly set out for the Yagumo region after staying for a few days.</p>

      <p>The group consisted of Miharu, Celia, Aishia, Latifa, Sara, Orphia, and Alma. On top of that, Gouki, Kayoko, Komomo, Sayo, Shin, and Aoi accompanied them too.</p>

      <p>Due to the limit on how many people could be transported at once, the majority of Gouki’s subordinates had to wait in the village. Even then, it was a large group of fourteen people.</p>

      <p>Incidentally, Orphia’s contract spirit Ariel could materialize with some control over the size of its body. At its largest size, it had a length of nearly ten meters, but that size expended more magic essence so it rarely ever took that form.</p>

      <p>For the purpose of travel, Ariel took a decently large size that could carry seven people on its back, and the freely flying Rio, Aishia, and Orphia carried the remaining four people. There was a slight scuffle over who would carry whom, which was resolved by settling on a rotation system. The journey itself went smoothly, and they arrived in Yagumo without encountering any of the harsh weather or monsters of the Wilderness. Thus, they first headed for the village where Rio’s father Zen was born.</p>

      <p>That said, reaching a single village amongst countless others in one go was difficult. They knew the general location, so they descended at a village in the vicinity and asked for directions to the village Yuba governed. The villagers would feel wary if so many suddenly visited at once, so Gouki and Kayoko went inside on behalf of the group.</p>

      <p>As a result, they were fortunately able to ask the direction of Yuba’s village from the first village chief they encountered and set off towards it from the skies.</p>

      <p>“It’s that village. There’s no mistaking it.”</p>

      <p>Rio spotted the right village from the air and called out to the others around him.</p>

      <p><em>Mom and dad’s graves are there.</em></p>

      <p>He had spotted his parents’ graves on top of a hill. They appeared as nameless graves to everyone else, but Rio could identify who they belonged to.</p>

      <p>“The villagers will be shocked if we land inside it, so let’s descend outside,” Rio said, lowering his altitude. Aishia, who was carrying Miharu, and Orphia, who was carrying Celia, followed him. One beat later, Ariel also began its descent.</p>

      <p>“Please get down here,” Rio said to the two people he was carrying.</p>

      <p>“Okay!”</p>

      <p>The first to reply energetically was Komomo. After being released by Rio’s arms, she landed on the ground with a light hop.</p>

      <p>“Before I get down, I want to recharge on Onii-chan Energy!” Latifa squeezed Rio tightly from behind before also hopping down. Indeed, Rio had been carrying Komomo and Latifa. The two were on the smaller side and wanted to talk to each other, so they asked Rio to carry them together.</p>

      <p>“Hey now, that hurts,” Rio protested gently.</p>

      <p>“This has been Komomo from the front and me from the back. Thanks for carrying us. Here’s a thank-you hug!”</p>

      <p>“You’re welcome. Are you tired, Komomo?”</p>

      <p>“Nope! Thank you for carrying me such a long way, Sir Rio.” Komomo bowed respectfully. Miharu and the others also got down and thanked the people who had carried them.</p>

      <p>“So this village is where Rio’s father was born and raised...”</p>

      <p>“It’s a lovely and tranquil place. The sky is clear and calming.”</p>

      <p>Celia and Orphia approached Rio first. They were several hundred meters away from farmland, and past that, Yuba’s village could be seen. Celia was looking around at the rural landscape curiously, while Orphia was breathing in the countryside air.</p>

      <p>“Shin, it’s our village...” Sayo hadn’t believed she would ever be able to return again. She stood next to her brother and gazed at the village blankly.</p>

      <p>“We suffered so much leaving this place, yet we came back in an instant.”</p>

      <p>The journey had still taken over one week, but their trip to the spirit folk village had taken many months. Shin looked at Rio’s face with a half-exasperated look of incredulity.</p>

      <p>“Shall we get going?”</p>

      <p>“First stop is to greet Lady Yuba. I’m sure she’ll be surprised.” Rio and Gouki led the way to the village.</p>

      <p>“Onii-chan’s grandmother and cousin, huh... I’m getting nervous.”</p>

      <p>“It’ll be all right. I told you before, they both said they wanted to meet you.”</p>

      <p>Now that the moment was finally here, Latifa showed unexpected shyness, fidgeting restlessly. Rio reminded her that her fears were unfounded.</p>

      <p>“But I can kind of understand how Latifa feels.”</p>

      <p>“Me too.”</p>

      <p>Celia and Miharu pressed their hands to their chests as though to calm their heartbeats. Sara, Orphia, and Alma, who had never met Yuba and Ruri, looked similarly nervous.</p>

      <p>“There’s no need to be so stiff. They’re just a normal grandmother and cousin... You’re going to make me nervous as well,” Rio chuckled with a troubled smile.</p>

      <p>“Lady Yuba and Lady Ruri are both kind people, so there’s no need to worry. They’ll treat Latifa and everyone else like family,” Komomo boasted. She had previously visited Rio’s place and stayed together with Yuba and Ruri for a while, so she knew them well. She showed no sign of nervousness, looking more excited to see them again.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go already.” Aishia urged the group to hurry—a rare sight coming from her. She didn’t appear nervous, but she may have hurried the group along out of eagerness to meet Yuba and Ruri. In that sense, she was acting differently. She appeared to be in a brighter mood than usual.</p>

      <p>At any rate, the party moved down the road, eventually stepping onto the farmlands of the village. The time was still midday, and the weather was clear. They must have arrived during lunch break, as there were tools left along the side of the road. There would probably be a gathering of people eating farther down the road—that’s how things had worked back when Rio was here.</p>

      <p><em>It sure brings back memories.</em></p>

      <p>Rio felt slightly homesick as he looked around the fields happily. At the same time, the girls watching him caught a glimpse of his excitement at returning to this village. Because of that, they showed consideration and refrained from talking to him, letting him enjoy the scenery quietly.</p>

      <p>Less than a minute later, Rio and the others arrived at the village square. As Rio expected, the villagers were gathered there eating lunch. Ruri could be seen among them, chatting with the others cheerfully. The villagers all got along with each other well.</p>

      <p>The villagers were engrossed in their conversation, but even they would notice a group as large as Rio’s party approach. They first looked up in surprise, wondering who it was, but when they spotted the familiar faces of Rio, Shin, Sayo, Komomo, and Gouki, their surprise increased even more.</p>

      <p>“...Rio?! Shin and Sayo! Komomo and Sir Gouki too?!” Ruri stood up and ran over to them first.</p>

      <p>“Hey.” Rio seemed to feel shy at his reunion with his cousin, grinning like a normal boy of his age.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey... Wait, what?! What, why?!” Ruri was taken aback by the unexpected reunion and looked between Rio’s and Sayo’s faces multiple times. But after a while...</p>

      <p>“I see... You met up with Rio. Good, good.” A load seemed to have lifted off Ruri’s chest, her eyes watering in relief.</p>

      <p>“Safely too,” Rio nodded with a shrug.</p>

      <p>“Woooo!” The villagers in the square all cheered.</p>

      <p>“Long time no see, you guys!”</p>

      <p>“Welcome back!”</p>

      <p>“Give us some warning, yeah?!”</p>

      <p>“Wow, it’s Sir Rio! It’s been a while!”</p>

      <p>“Shin! Sayo!”</p>

      <p>The villagers ran over to Rio, Sayo, and Shin. They then all piled on top of them to celebrate their return. A few steps behind them, Miharu and the others were left wide-eyed by the enthusiasm of the villagers.</p>

      <p>“Bwa ha ha! Sir Rio sure is beloved by the villagers.” Gouki laughed heartily at the welcome Rio received.</p>

      <p>“W-Wait a minute, everyone! I know you’re all excited, but this is too much! Back away, back away! We can’t hear anything like this!” Ruri controlled the villagers with practiced ease. Satisfied by the amount of skinship accomplished, the villagers backed away obediently.</p>

      <p>“Goodness... Are you okay, Sayo? Rio?” Ruri sighed tiredly, worried for Rio and Sayo.</p>

      <p>“Hey, I was crushed as well,” Shin protested for himself.</p>

      <p>“You look fine to me. You’re a boy anyway.”</p>

      <p>“The same goes for Rio, yes? And he’s way stronger than me!” Shin objected, pointing at Rio. The familiar sight of their bickering had the villagers laughing heartily.</p>

      <p>“Good. You both seem fine.”</p>

      <p>Ruri ignored Shin and helped fix Rio’s and Sayo’s clothes. “Then, once again. Welcome home, Rio, Sayo, and Shin as well,” she said, welcoming their return.</p>

      <p>“Yup, I’m home.”</p>

      <p>“We’re home, Ruri.”</p>

      <p>“...Yeah.”</p>

      <p>The three of them spoke their replies somewhat shyly. The villagers around them also yelled their greetings, welcoming their return.</p>

      <p>“Komomo and Sir Gouki, Lady Kayoko. Long time no see as well. Aoi too. It’s good to see you’re all in good health.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. The same goes for you, Lady Ruri. Is Lady Yuba well?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, as always. Oh, and Sir Hayate was here a short while ago, but he’s good as well. I’m sure he’d be delighted to hear you’ve returned.”</p>

      <p>“Ho ho, that’s good to hear.” Gouki smiled broadly at the news of his son.</p>

      <p>“Then, if I may change the topic... Who are these people?” Ruri cut off the conversation and looked over at Rio’s companions Miharu, Celia, Aishia, Latifa, Sara, Orphia, and Alma. The villagers were similarly curious and their gazes all gathered on them as well.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Miharu and the others had uncomfortable expressions and held their breath. They seemed nervous under the attention.</p>

      <p>“They don’t seem like Gouki’s or Sayo’s acquaintances... Which means they’re Rio’s?” By the process of elimination, Ruri made a guess and looked at Rio for confirmation.</p>

      <p>“Well, yeah.” Rio nodded shyly.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” Ruri stared closely at Miharu and the girls.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Rio. One moment. Over here.”</p>

      <p>She pulled him by the arm and turned him away from the others so they couldn’t hear. She then wrapped an arm around him and hunched over to whisper.</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t ‘what’ me. Well?”</p>

      <p>“Uhm... I just said they’re my acquaintances?” Rio was confused by the sudden whispered talking.</p>

      <p>“That’s not it, ugh! I’m asking which one’s your girlfriend!” Ruri raised her voice in impatience.</p>

      <p>“G-Girlfriend?! N-No... Uh, how should I put this...” Rio struggled for words. He was having a hard time figuring out how to explain his relationship to everyone. They weren’t lovers, but calling them friends sounded a little too shallow. Especially since it was Ruri he was talking to—he wanted to introduce them properly.</p>

      <p>Calling them “companions” sounded like a good fit, but there was another term that he wanted to use.</p>

      <p>“Family...is the closest word I can use, I think.” Rio turned back to everyone watching him and Ruri as he uttered those words nervously.</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re in a relationship with all of them?!” Ruri let out a dumbfounded noise in shock. The meaning behind a relationship was only known to those involved, but that seemed to have caused an unfortunate misunderstanding here.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Yeah.” Rio nodded curiously.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah...?” Ruri was speechless for a moment, before she lost her composure rather spectacularly. “Argh! Enough! Enough is enough! H-Hey, Rio. I don’t think that’s very appropriate of you. As your older cousin, I can’t say I approve.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>