<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 17</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Thank you very much, Sir Rio,” Gouki said.</p>

      <p>Rio shook his head pleasantly. “It was nothing.”</p>

      <p>“If I may ask something I’ve been curious about—are you from the Yagumo region, Lady Miharu?” Gouki asked.</p>

      <p>Black was the typical hair color in Yagumo. The facial structure of the Yagumo people also resembled that of Eurasian people on Earth, and they had similar skin tones to those of Asian people. A Japanese person would blend in with them rather naturally, making Gouki’s misunderstanding of Miharu understandable.</p>

      <p>“No, Miharu’s circumstances are a little special... Have you heard of how there are heroes from other worlds being summoned in the Strahl region recently?”</p>

      <p>“Yes...”</p>

      <p>Either he didn’t understand the words, or he understood the words but couldn’t process them, as Gouki nodded awkwardly with a blank look. Kayoko, Sayo, Shin, and the other servants all looked similarly puzzled beside him.</p>

      <p>“Well, it is confusing.”</p>

      <p>Rio exchanged a look with Miharu and chuckled.</p>

      <p>“It may be hard to believe, but I came here from another world.”</p>

      <p>“Does that mean...Lady Miharu is one of those heroes?”</p>

      <p>“No, I’m not a hero...”</p>

      <p>“Miharu’s friend is the hero. Miharu was dragged into that friend’s summoning and ended up in this world,” Rio added as explanation.</p>

      <p>“Haruto saved us when we wandered into this world without a clue,” Miharu further explained.</p>

      <p>“Haruto...?” Gouki cocked his head at the unfamiliar name.</p>

      <p>“Oh, I’m sorry! By Haruto, I mean...” Miharu had used the name ‘Haruto’ out of reflex, but when she realized Gouki and the others didn’t recognize it, she apologized in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“It’s the name I’m using in the Strahl region.” Rio was used to speaking his explanation, having done so many times now.</p>

      <p>“S-Sorry...”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry, I was going to explain it to Gouki anyway.”</p>

      <p>“Why did you need to change your name...?” Gouki asked, sensing that there must be a reason from Rio’s expression.</p>

      <p>“The truth is...I was once falsely accused of a crime in Strahl...”</p>

      <p>“What?!” Gouki’s voice took on a sharp tone at that revelation.</p>

      <p>“It hasn’t caused any real inconveniences for me so far, so don’t worry about it.”</p>

      <p>It would probably be best to explain his past life as well, but that wasn’t a topic for a cheerful banquet. Rio decided to stay silent about it for now.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... I understand.”</p>

      <p>Gouki nodded reluctantly. He wasn’t that easily convinced, but he didn’t want to dig into it further during an event like this.</p>

      <p>“At any rate, that’s the reason why I don’t use the name ‘Rio’ in the Strahl region. I met Miharu while using the name ‘Haruto,’ so she’s used to calling me that. Very few people know that my real name is ‘Rio’ over there.”</p>

      <p>“Is that so...”</p>

      <p>“We’ve wandered away from the topic, but Miharu is most certainly from another world.”</p>

      <p>“It’s a far-fetched story, but it’s coming from you. I have no choice but to believe it. Such sorcery must exist in the Strahl region.”</p>

      <p>“It’s extremely ancient sorcery from the age of the gods, so it’s impossible to recreate using modern sorcery. Some ancient magic artifacts with the sorcery sealed inside all activated at once for some reason. It caused a bit of a stir in Strahl for a while. Sorcery isn’t widely used in Yagumo, so I’m sure it’s even more confusing to you. She does have the hair and facial features of someone from the Yagumo region.” Rio chuckled out of consideration for Gouki.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. I almost mistook her for the beautiful daughter of some noble family. She reminded me of Lady Ayame in her youth—wouldn’t you agree, Kayoko?” Gouki finally broke into a beaming smile. Reminded of Ayame, he turned to his wife with a gentle look.</p>

      <p>“Yes. My first impression of her was a well-natured young lady. She definitely resembles Lady Ayame.”</p>

      <p>“I... I look like Haruto’s mother?” Miharu blushed.</p>

      <p>“Lady Ayame had long hair as well. It was a glossy black like Lady Miharu’s, and the length was exactly the same too. Hmm.”</p>

      <p>Gouki retold his memories enthusiastically, not noticing the change in Miharu’s reaction. However, Kayoko, Sayo, and all the female servants including Aoi picked up on it.</p>

      <p>“Is that...so...” Miharu touched her own hair with a face like a blushing maiden.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha, sorry for doing all the talking.”</p>

      <p>“Not at all, I wanted to listen to you from the beginning.”</p>

      <p>“If you only learned of us after arriving at the village, then that’s only natural. It’s much better speaking directly than having things explained by hearsay. That’s why we only asked for the bare minimum of updates about you from Lady Sara and her friends. Pardon my enthusiasm.”</p>

      <p>“Many things happened after I left Yagumo...”</p>

      <p>“I can imagine. You have many people with you as well.”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“Be that as it may... There are so many interesting people around Sir Rio, it renders me speechless. That’s right. You also said Lady Celia was your teacher?” Gouki looked around at the people near Rio warmly, then focused on Celia, who hadn’t been brought up yet.</p>

      <p>“I’m not that great of a teacher, but I did instruct Rio up until he was twelve years old.”</p>

      <p>“Which would be four or five years ago, hmm? But you appear, ah, a little young for that? I’d say you seem to be the same age as Sir Rio...” He actually found her to look even younger than Rio, but he chose his words carefully.</p>

      <p>“Celia’s only five years apart in age from me,” Rio said, calling Celia’s name without a title.</p>

      <p>“Oh? And that’s why you seem close?” Gouki hummed in great interest seeing them speak to one another. Kayoko also looked at Celia with a glint in her eye. Meanwhile, Sayo was watching Miharu and Celia with an entranced gaze.</p>

      <p><em>Lady Sara’s group, Lady Miharu, and Lady Celia are all beautiful people... And so is Lady Aishia standing right beside Sir Rio.</em></p>

      <p>Her face had fallen completely at the sight of all the girls around Rio. They were all like princesses—fundamentally different from her, an ordinary village girl. Rio was just as wonderful as he had been before, but would he even spare a glance at her now that he was surrounded by all these lovely women?</p>

      <p>Those were the woes tormenting Sayo. At the same time, she felt even more embarrassed for confessing her feelings to him before he left the Yagumo region.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Shin looked between Sayo and Rio in silent displeasure.</p>

      <p>“As for Lady Aishia... I can feel something extraordinary in her aura.” Gouki took notice of Aishia’s beauty and impenetrable guard. From that, he could guess that she possessed exceptional abilities as well.</p>

      <p>“I’m not surprised you noticed. Aishia is very strong.”</p>

      <p>“Oho... I did hear that Lady Aishia is a high-ranked spirit like Lady Dryas. And that she has a contract with you, Sir Rio...”</p>

      <p>“She slept within me for a long time due to the contract.”</p>

      <p>“So she was asleep when you first came to Yagumo.”</p>

      <p>“Yes. She woke up after I parted ways with everyone and arrived back in Strahl. We’ve been together since then.”</p>

      <p>“Haruto’s always taking care of me,” Aishia said when Rio looked at her.</p>

      <p>“I should be saying that,” Rio replied. “Aishia’s saved me many times now.”</p>

      <p>He introduced her to Gouki and the others.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha, you seem to be great friends. With everyone else, as well... Perhaps that—or the fact you accomplished your greatest desire—is the reason why your aura seems to have changed, Sir Rio.” Gouki smiled at Rio and Aishia, then looked around at Miharu, Celia, Sara, Orphia, Alma, and Latifa as he spoke.</p>

      <p>“If so, that’s definitely thanks to everyone else. I wouldn’t have changed if I were by myself. The only thing that would have changed after I got my revenge would be to shut myself off more.”</p>

      <p>“You were blessed with meeting a great number of people,” Gouki said earnestly, seeing Rio express his feelings honestly.</p>

      <p>“I truly was,” Rio agreed with a gentle smile. The girls listening to the conversation around them blushed in response.</p>

      <p><em>No no, you really have changed. The shadow hanging over you has weakened a lot. Boys can change so fast, if you blink you’ll miss it, </em>Gouki thought in awe. There was still a faint shadow over him, but he no longer rejected the people entering his space.</p>

      <p>“That aside, are you free to discuss the matter of becoming my retainers right now?” Rio said, bringing up the earlier topic.</p>

      <p>“O-Ooh. Of course!” Gouki nodded immediately. He didn’t have a bad feeling about it thanks to the flow of their previous conversation, so his voice was lively with expectation.</p>

      <p>“In the end, I don’t think I can become anyone’s master. All the more so for wonderful people like you and your wife. And so, I cannot say that I will employ you as my retainers, but...” Rio trailed off, taking a breath to prepare himself. He fixed his gaze on Gouki and said, “If you don’t mind, would you like to travel together without becoming my servants? We won’t be together constantly, but at least for some of the time.”</p>

      <p>“What does that mean, exactly...?” Gouki asked nervously, unsure of how to interpret those words.</p>

      <p>“Like a friend, a comrade, family... I’d like to get along with you on close terms like that. That’s why I won’t give you or your people any orders. Of course, you can return to the Karasuki Kingdom whenever you wish, and you’re free to move separately for any periods of time. How does that sound...?”</p>

      <p>“G-Goodness me... You want to interact with us not as servants, but as family?” Gouki bit down on his lip, his body trembling.</p>

      <p>“It may not be the answer you wanted, but...is it an acceptable alternative? If you insist on becoming servants, then you may reject the idea.”</p>

      <p>“N-No, I would never! We are extremely delighted to receive such deeply thoughtful consideration from you.”</p>

      <p>Rio had emphasized that it was okay to reject him, but Gouki shook his head furiously, bowing his head low.</p>

      <p>“I see... In that case...would that be okay with you?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes! Of course, of course it would!” Gouki nodded his head over and over again. Kayoko and the other servants bowed low beside him.</p>

      <p>“Thank goodness... I was actually thinking of visiting the Karasuki Kingdom next. I’m sorry you’ll be turning back after making it all the way here, but would you like to go together? I’m sure you’re worried about the people left behind too.”</p>

      <p>A weight must have lifted from Rio’s shoulders, as he let out a sigh of relief. He informed Gouki of his intention to visit Yagumo next and invited him along.</p>

      <p>“Oh... Oh, it would be our greatest pleasure...! We shall gladly accompany you!” Gouki bowed his head repeatedly in a dramatic gesture, expressing his happiness.</p>

      <p>“Seems like the matter’s settled. Now let’s get drinking!”</p>

      <p>Dominic, who had been watching over the scene nearby in wait for the right moment, raised his glass and interrupted.</p>

      <p>“Yes, let’s. Cheers to our future.”</p>

      <p>Rio chuckled, his expression softening as he made eye contact with Gouki, and raised his glass.</p>

      <p>“CHEERS!”</p>

      <p>With Dominic’s voice at the forefront, the dining hall burst into lively cheer.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Nearly one hour later, at the banquet hall...</p>

      <p>The feast was underway, and excitement was rising in the air. Alcohol had made its way into the systems of those drinking, splitting those who paced themselves from those who were drunk off their feet. Those too young for alcohol were drinking juice, but an example of one of the less drunk participants was Sayo. Her shy personality and lack of courage made her actively avoid talking to strangers.</p>

      <p>As a result, Sayo only spoke with Gouki’s servants, but when the servants spoke to those from the spirit folk village, she would swiftly disappear behind them. Rio and the girls occasionally drew near, but she shrank back out of nervousness and kept herself at just a far enough distance to make any conversation difficult.</p>

      <p>That naturally left her alone with her brother the entire time, and Shin’s personality made it hard for him to get along with the spirit folk villagers. This created an anti-social space with a blunt brother and shy sister within. However, Shin seemed discontented by Sayo’s inability to talk to Rio, and he frowned as he drank his alcohol.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Komomo’s natural communication skills had made her the best of friends with Latifa and the others. She integrated into the childhood friends and obtained a position beside Rio, allowing her to rapidly become closer with the villagers that came to greet Rio for his return. However...</p>

      <p>“Sir Rio, Sir Rio.” Komomo tugged at Rio’s sleeve.</p>

      <p>“What is it, Komomo?”</p>

      <p>“Why don’t you talk to Sayo as well? She’s been looking forward to meeting you a lot. And besides...” Komomo said, looking at Miharu, Latifa, Celia, and Sara’s group. They all looked like they wanted to talk to Sayo as well, but the incessant crowds of people coming to talk to Rio had made it difficult for them to start a conversation. They still hadn’t made any contact with her, which Komomo tactfully noticed.</p>

      <p>“I’ve tried to do so a few times, but it seems she’s avoiding me. No... Perhaps I’ve also been avoiding her myself. I understand.”</p>

      <p>Rio had noticed how Sayo placed herself at a distance, but the same applied for him. He gathered his resolve and decided to walk towards her.</p>

      <p>“Eek...”</p>

      <p>While she hadn’t come near him, Sayo had been constantly gazing at Rio the whole time, so she noticed immediately when he walked towards her. She didn’t think he was coming to talk to her at first, but when she realized he was making a beeline her way, her eyes darted around in a fluster. Eventually, they were a close enough distance to have a clear conversation with one another.</p>

      <p>“Good evening, Shin, Sayo.”</p>

      <p>“...’Sup.”</p>

      <p>Shin lifted his glass up in his left hand casually, giving Rio a curt greeting.</p>

      <p>“Do you have a moment to...”</p>

      <p>“Shin! It’s not ‘’sup’! Sir Rio is royalty. How could you be so rude...!”</p>

      <p>“...Aren’t you the rude one for cutting him off?” Shin pointed out with a smirk.</p>

      <p>“I-I’m so sorry, Sir Rio!” Sayo apologized in a panic.</p>

      <p>Rio smiled in amusement at the two of them. “It’s fine. I’d prefer it if you treated me like how you did in the village.”</p>

      <p>“You’re such a coward. He’s saying it’s fine too, see?”</p>

      <p>“Sh-Shin! That doesn’t mean you can forget your manners!” Sayo scolded him, worried about the gazes of Miharu and the others behind Rio.</p>

      <p>“I’m glad to see you’re both as close as ever,” Rio said with relief. Seeing him interact with someone they didn’t know well yet made Miharu, Celia, Latifa, and the other girls listen in curiously. This made Shin notice the number of girls surrounding Rio.</p>

      <p>“I see you’re still keeping a lot of women by your side. Who knows how many girls in the village cried because of you...” he muttered sullenly, glaring at Rio.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” the girls all responded at once. They all perked up attentively at the mention of Rio making women cry, focusing their stares on his back.</p>

      <p>“D-Don’t use such misleading words.” Rio broke into a cold sweat at the gazes on his back.</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s right, Shin! Sir Rio didn’t make anyone cry! If anything, they were all delighted!”</p>

      <p>“That phrasing has its own problems...” Rio mumbled quietly at Sayo’s indignant protest.</p>

      <p>“Huh? He at least had you bawling your eyes out. After he rejected you and left the village,” Shin said, dropping an even bigger truth bomb.</p>

      <p><em>The village girls were all...delighted?</em></p>

      <p><em>Huh? Rio made Sayo cry?</em></p>

      <p><em>Does that mean Sayo confessed to him?</em></p>

      <p><em>Wha?! No one mentioned this!</em></p>

      <p>The gazes on Rio’s back intensified. Latifa had led the questioning for details on Sayo before the banquet started, but Rio had used her privacy as a shield to hold his silence.</p>

      <p>“Huh?!” Sayo’s face was red enough to catch fire.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Rio felt like he was standing on thin ice. He froze in shame, then forced a fake smile.</p>

      <p>“Hmph.”</p>

      <p>Shin snorted, satisfied to see Rio so uncomfortable in front of Miharu and the others.</p>

      <p>“Sh-Shin! What are you saying?!”</p>

      <p>Sayo snapped back to her senses and whipped around to face Shin.</p>

      <p>“It’s the truth, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“Th-That doesn’t mean you should say it in front of Sir Rio! Ah, umm, I confessed to Sir Rio before he left the village, but I was utterly rejected... S-So don’t worry! I’m sorry for acting out of line! P-Please forgive me!” Sayo confessed the truth herself out of thoughtfulness for the girls—or perhaps her strong awareness of them.</p>

      <p>“I-It’s not something to apologize for, right?” Rio hurriedly called out to the girls, who agreed with him one awkward beat later. They were still processing the shocking revelation.</p>

      <p>“R-Right...”</p>

      <p>Since Sayo had admitted it herself and Rio hadn’t denied it, things must have happened as Shin described. But the circumstances of the time were still unclear. Thus, they continued watching over the outcome in confusion.</p>

      <p>“That’s right. He’s the one who should be apologizing,” Shin jeered, gulping down his drink. His face wasn’t very red, but the alcohol might have been affecting him.</p>

      <p>“Shin, are you drunk?! How many glasses have you had?!”</p>

      <p>“I’m not bothered to count. And we’re talking about him right now. I’ve got something to say to him.”</p>

      <p>“Sir Rio, I’m so sorry about this! Shin’s really drunk right now! We’ll be leaving now!” Sayo apologized in a panic, pulling at Shin’s sleeve as he tried to approach Rio.</p>

      <p>“Shut up. Listen, when this guy left the village, he said he wouldn’t bring you. In other words, he wanted to avoid carrying dead weight like you. Yet now he’s surrounded by a ton of other women. What do you think that means? He didn’t bring you because you had no charm? Huh?” Shin glared angrily at Rio. His expression looked more sulking than irritated.</p>

      <p><em>So something like that happened...? </em>Miharu stared at Sayo as she listened.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Shin. You know that’s not...” Gouki began as he approached to warn Shin, as he had been listening nearby. But Rio silently raised a hand to stop him.</p>

      <p>“At that time...the reason why I rejected Sayo’s accompaniment was because I couldn’t respond to her feelings. I was about to depart on a journey for vengeance. I couldn’t say that I didn’t mind her coming along on such a trip. It’s exactly as you say—I didn’t want to bear such a burden. That feeling applied for my entire journey, but...” Rio trailed off awkwardly after saying that much, looking around at Miharu, Celia, Latifa, and everyone else.</p>

      <p>“It’s embarrassing to say, but many things happened. Would you like to talk about it? I want to tell you what happened to me, and I want to hear about what happened to you two as well.” He looked between Shin and Sayo nervously.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Perhaps it was because Rio had responded rationally—or perhaps Shin had somewhat predicted Rio would respond rationally—but Shin refrained from making any further emotional comments and fell silent in shame.</p>

      <p>“It’s only natural for Shin to be angry. Your beloved little sister was made light of... I have a little sister too, so I can understand.” Rio glanced at Latifa as he spoke with remorse. Then, he looked at Sayo. Sayo’s eyes were averted from Rio and the girls awkwardly, and Shin was watching her in turn.</p>

      <p>“I’m not angry about it. Honestly, I was thinking of punching you if you pushed Sayo back at this point.”</p>

      <p>Shin’s gaze met Sayo’s, and he frowned like a child who wanted to make friends but couldn’t be honest with himself. He probably understood that Rio hadn’t exactly done anything wrong.</p>

      <p>When Rio left the village, Shin and Sayo learned of Rio’s background from Gouki. That’s why he wanted to be understanding of Rio’s circumstances.</p>

      <p>Back when Rio was in the village, he gave Shin the impression of some distant young man who was oddly trying to keep people at arm’s length. Shin found that creepy, and he honestly didn’t like him. But after learning the truth, he realized that state was the most natural for Rio and felt a bit happy to be able to understand Rio better.</p>

      <p>He had accepted Rio as a member of the village despite finding him creepy, so he was glad he learned more about Rio—even if it was the fact he had an awful past under his cool face. He also believed leaving Sayo behind was the right thing to do. If Rio had said he didn’t mind her coming along with him, Shin would have been filled with resentment, demanding he take responsibility.</p>

      <p>However, when he saw him acting friendly with girls other than Sayo after rejecting her and leaving the village... As an older brother, Shin was driven by the urge to give Rio a piece of his mind, which was why he’d spoken so harshly to him. But Rio was the one to approach them, saying he wanted to talk to them...</p>

      <p>The truth was, Shin was really happy about it. He had actually worried over how to talk to Rio as royalty when they reunited, so he was happy when Rio asked him to interact as he did back in the village. But he couldn’t be honest with himself, so Shin still looked like he was sulking.</p>

      <p>“Will you talk with me, then?” Rio asked somewhat shyly.</p>

      <p>“...Yeah.” Shin was embarrassed as well, nodding with downcast eyes.</p>

      <p>“Oh! I have a great idea!” Latifa raised her hand energetically. If Latifa, who could be said to make the mood of a conversation, was making a statement at a time like this, then...</p>

      <p>“What is it, Latifa?” Miharu turned to her with a hopeful voice, sensing that something fun was about to happen.</p>

      <p>“I understand what happened clearly. Onii-chan is a man of few words, so Sayo must have felt uneasy too. So! Sayo and Komomo should come stay at our place tonight! We can all talk together in a girls-only gathering! And Onii-chan and Shin can have their all-guys gathering!”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha, what’s this? That sounds interesting. Let me join that drinking group.”</p>

      <p>“Heh, may I participate too, then?”</p>

      <p>At Latifa’s suggestion of such a gathering, Dominic and Gouki immediately spoke up.</p>

      <p>“Sounds interesting.”</p>

      <p>“Well, why not?”</p>

      <p>Rio and Shin were also on board with it.</p>

      <p>“That aside, Shin. I warned you so many times to watch your behavior around Sir Rio, yet in the end...” Gouki shot Shin a disappointed look, but didn’t criticize him further in consideration of Rio’s wishes.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What? He said he didn’t mind.” Shin flinched as he made a feeble excuse.</p>

      <p>“You’re still meant to show respect, fool.”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine, it’s fine,” Rio said to Gouki in a fluster.</p>

      <p>Thus, the lively night continued.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Another hour passed, and the banquet continued to go smoothly. Those who maintained their drinking pace and the few who didn’t drink much had opened up to each other in excitement.</p>

      <p>The all-guys and all-girls parties were still to be held after the banquet, but that didn’t make it unnecessary to interact with others before then. Thus, in a corner of the dining hall, the residents of the stone house and the Yagumo group gathered together to share drinks with those they’d be living together with. The elders joined them.</p>

      <p>Shin was completely drunk and red-faced as he happily bickered with Rio; Sayo clearly wasn’t as stiff as she had been at first. She’d relaxed enough to enjoy her alcohol in a calm manner.</p>

      <p>When the drink in her glass ran out, Sayo quietly stood up to leave. People got up every now and again to get more food and drinks, so it wasn’t a particularly conspicuous action. However...</p>

      <p>“Hey, Sayo. Where are you going? Wasn’t there more you wanted to say to this guy?” Shin spotted her trying to go and called out to her, grabbing Rio around the shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Sh-Shin...! I’m going to get a drink and some fresh air.” Sayo bobbed her head up and down in apology to Rio before trying to leave.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to get a drink too.” Miharu gazed at Sayo’s back, then excused herself to Aishia beside her and followed Sayo. Then, she gathered her courage and called out to her. “Sayo.”</p>

      <p>“L-Lady Miharu? C-Can I help you?” The unexpected call from an unexpected person made Sayo reply nervously.</p>

      <p>“Umm, you can leave off the ‘Lady,’” Miharu said with a frown.</p>

      <p>“I-I can’t do that.” Sayo was merely accompanying Gouki’s family as an apprentice servant. They saw Rio as their master, so his friends were also in a position requiring respect.</p>

      <p>“Then, if you could at least use ‘Miss’ instead.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll... I’ll do my best.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry for surprising you. I was hoping we could talk alone for a bit.”</p>

      <p>“With me?” Sayo blinked blankly after hearing Miharu’s reason for calling out to her.</p>

      <p>“It’s, well...about Haruto...”</p>

      <p>“I-I’m sorry. I didn’t know Sir Rio was royalty at the time, but I should have known my place,” Sayo apologized earnestly, having guessed at what Miharu wanted.</p>

      <p>“E-Err... There’s nothing for you to apologize for, I think? I’m not sure what to do with such an apology...” Miharu looked confused at the unnecessary display of reverence and fear.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm... I’m sorry...” Sayo apologized again.</p>

      <p>“Heh... Hee hee.” Miharu giggled.</p>

      <p>“I-Is something the matter?”</p>

      <p>“Err, I was just thinking about how similar we are...”</p>

      <p>“Me...and you...?” Sayo cocked her head blankly. In her eyes, Miharu appeared so graceful, her good upbringing clear unlike her village-born self. Above all, she was extremely cute. She couldn’t see any similarities.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I heard you told Haruto your feelings for him when he was leaving your village...”</p>

      <p>“R-Really?” Sayo was still confused, not understanding how that could be a reason for their similarity.</p>

      <p>“Umm, the truth is...I’ve also told Haruto my feelings before...” Miharu said, coming out to Sayo about what had happened during the Galarc banquet.</p>

      <p>“I-Is that so?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Because of that, Haruto nearly distanced himself from me... So I thought we were similar.”</p>

      <p>“B-But Sir Rio said you were allowed to stay with him, right?”</p>

      <p>“That’s because, well... In my case, I was too stubborn to give up... And Ai-chan helped me out a lot...”</p>

      <p>At the time, she had just learned that Rio was Amakawa Haruto, but reborn, and couldn’t sit still about it. She failed to suppress her emotions and pressed through with her persistence. When she looked back on it now, she felt truly embarrassed about it—enough for her face to gradually redden. Of course, she didn’t regret it at all, but...</p>

      <p>“But if Ai-chan hadn’t helped me, I would have been pushed away, just like you. That’s how strong Haruto’s determination was. It made me realize just how heavy the weight he felt in this world was...”</p>

      <p>He couldn’t abandon his identity as Rio and live as Amakawa Haruto. That’s why he couldn’t give up on his thirst for revenge—that was what Rio once told Miharu.</p>

      <p>He had his life and relationships that he had built up as Rio. She couldn’t deny that identity of his. And now that she knew how heavy his burdens were by growing up as Rio, Miharu couldn’t demand that he remain as Amakawa Haruto. She had no intention of asking that of him.</p>

      <p>However, despite that, she was still in love with Rio. She was still in love with Haruto. Because she had reached that answer for herself, Miharu told Rio that she wanted to stay with him. By telling this to Sayo now, Miharu recalled that feeling. Furthermore, this journey could lead them to Rio’s roots; that was the feeling Miharu had after meeting Sayo and the others Rio had built relationships with as Rio.</p>

      <p>“Is that so...”</p>

      <p>Sayo gazed at Miharu in empathy, and Miharu gazed back in turn. She felt an indescribable feeling of sympathy after listening to Sayo’s story. As someone who had also confessed her feelings and was nearly pushed away for it, Miharu couldn’t help but call out to Sayo. Like that, a silence fell over them, creating a shared space that only the two of them occupied.</p>

      <p>“Err, as for why I suddenly called out to you... I wanted to talk to you about a few things...” Miharu faltered, trying to continue what she was saying. “And I was hoping we could be friends.” She ended with a shy smile.</p>

      <p>“If you don’t mind someone like me, then...” Sayo nodded eagerly.</p>

      <p>“Then let’s get along, Sayo.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, La... Miss Miharu.” Sayo was about to say “Lady,” but mustered up her courage and dropped the title.</p>

      <p>“Oh, no fair! These two are sharing an intimate moment alone!” Latifa ran over to Miharu and Sayo, having left the group for a drink.</p>

      <p>“I was just asking her to drop the “Lady” title and talk to me like a friend. And we discussed Haruto a little. I’ll tell you later, Latifa.” Miharu giggled.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>