<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 17</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="interlude_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Oh? That’s a rather remarkable expression. Not something one would imagine from a saint,” Nidoll pointed out with delight.</p>

      <p>“Why, excuse me.” Erica covered her mouth to reapply her saintlike smile.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. You really are a wicked witch.”</p>

      <p>“If that’s how you see me, then that’s what I must be to you. I’m aiming for your neck, so it’s only reasonable. There’s no way an arrogant emperor could understand the ways of a saint bringing salvation to the people.</p>

      <p>“You think of the people, guide the people, and bring them salvation. I understand that is your image of a saint.”</p>

      <p>“Why, I’m so pleased you understand me.”</p>

      <p>“And I also know you’re not actually thinking of the people. A surface-level saint.”</p>

      <p>“I’m not sure what you’re talking about...” Erica tilted her head, mystified by what Nidoll was referring to.</p>

      <p>“So you’ll continue your foolish jester act, hmm? Fine. Let us see who can steal more of the people’s lives.”</p>

      <p>“Steal the lives of the people? I truly don’t know what you’re talking about.” Erica sighed tiredly.</p>

      <p>“You sure can talk for someone so blatantly picking a fight. I’m saying I’m willing to take you up on the war you want so much—and where there’s war, death is inevitable. You’re not telling me you don’t know that, are you? Not after taking so many lives during the revolution that refounded the nation.”</p>

      <p>“It is a necessary evil to save more of the people, but it is still unfortunate. However, if it comes to war, I will stand at the front. I shall suppress civilian sacrifices to the absolute minimum.”</p>

      <p>“What confidence. In that case, we have nothing else to discuss. Get out of my sight.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, you’ll let me leave just like this?”</p>

      <p>“Did you want to stay?” Nidoll returned Erica’s curious question with an equally dubious one of his own.</p>

      <p>“...No.”</p>

      <p>“Then leave. Exit this room and show yourself out of the front gate.”</p>

      <p><em>The next time we meet will be on the battlefield</em>, Nidoll implied.</p>

      <p>“Goodbye, then.”</p>

      <p>Erica turned on her heel and left through the open door of the audience hall. This left Nidoll and Reiss alone in the large room.</p>

      <p>“There’s no mistaking the fact that she’s a hero. The khakkhara she revealed was a Divine Arm,” Reiss said, appearing before Nidoll.</p>

      <p>“From her blatant provocation, she clearly didn’t mind causing an incident right here and now. She seemed to be extremely confident in her abilities, but she was overly aggressive even considering that. She appeared insane, yet calm. A troublesome woman for a hero.” Contrary to Nidoll’s words, his tone seemed thrilled with the events.</p>

      <p>“It will depend on how much of the Divine Arm’s power she can draw out, but she may be far more troublesome than the Black Knight currently rewriting the power structure of Strahl with his flashy actions. Heroes can’t easily be killed either, so all the more so...”</p>

      <p>Reiss sighed uneasily.</p>

      <p>“With Lucius dead, I can’t make a move against him anytime soon. I shall take this chance to track the saint’s movements.”</p>

      <p>With that, he started walking towards the door Saint Erica had exited from. Nidoll watched him leave in silence.</p>

      <p>“Bringing salvation to the people isn’t the work of the sane, but that woman spoke of salvation while understanding that. That hostile behavior... What could her true goal be in establishing a religious movement...?” he mumbled to himself.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Saint Erica left the audience hall and walked out to the garden of the Proxia Castle, accompanied by several knights. Once she reached the gate...</p>

      <p>“This is the exit.” The knights accompanying her stopped, gesturing for Erica to leave.</p>

      <p>“Thank you,” Erica said with a bright smile, then marched straight for the gate, passing through it while under the watchful eye of the knights and guards. After walking far enough for the imperial castle to shrink in size behind her, she stopped and turned around, staring at the castle with a cold look.</p>

      <p><em>As expected of the ruler of a large empire—he’s no fool. Perhaps I should try a different approach next time. The problem is where to go...</em></p>

      <p>Galarc, Beltrum, Centostella. Those nations were the candidates that came up in Erica’s mind. They were all well-known nations with large populations.</p>

      <p><em>Come to think of it...</em></p>

      <p>Erica remembered something after a pause.</p>

      <p><em>The Ricca Guild is located in Galarc, if I recall correctly. A merchant guild with that much influence over other kingdoms could be used to an advantage. Perhaps I’ll drop by before visiting the king. My next stop shall be the Galarc Kingdom. First, I’ll book a meeting with the president of the Ricca Guild. Time to meet up with the others.</em></p>

      <p>Erica decided on her next destination. Her mouth twisted in a grin as she distanced herself from the Proxia Castle with light footsteps.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>