<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_6">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>I’m also glad I met you. </em>Though he wanted to tell her this, he couldn’t form words very well through his tears.</p>

      <p>Seeing his state, Virgo smiled and patted his shoulder.</p>

      <p>It was quiet for a moment before Parthenos said, “You’re kind of a loser, aren’t you?”</p>

      <p>“You have failed to read the room, so you will be removed.”</p>

      <p>Parthenos yelped in surprise. The Gatekeeper, which had been on standby in the room this entire time, grabbed Parthenos by the collar after she managed to go too far after not reading the room. Parthenos was lifted by the nape as if she were a cat and brought outside by the golem, which could unexpectedly do what Parthenos had failed to do.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>With Orm now on our side, we boarded the <em>Argo</em> and made for Svel at full speed.</p>

      <p>Leon had defeated that Sol character, and though Taurus had been seriously wounded, Pollux and Castor had managed to retrieve him. Other than that, while I was gone Parthenos had been resurrected as a heroic spirit, Virgo had awakened, and the boy Sei and his merry band had decided to return to Laevateinn and Draupnir to try to convince their rulers that I wasn’t an enemy. It seemed a lot had happened.</p>

      <p>With things settled between Orm and me, the only problems were now Libra, Dina, and the other ouroboroses. It seemed the Goddess was already searching for Dina, so in the meantime, I had to finish my task, that task being evacuating the residents of this world.</p>

      <p>Soon, Mizgarz would be destroyed. This was already a foregone conclusion. As long as the Goddess didn’t have a sudden change of heart, this would definitely come to pass, and it was because I knew of this two hundred years ago that I had been forced to decide to lose the fight. Even if I won, the Goddess would simply activate the ouroboroses and everything would die. There would be no meaning in such a victory. But this time, things were different. We’d been preparing for two hundred years. Things would go differently this time. Well, that preparation had mostly been done by Dina instead of me. The seals on the ouroboroses were insurance to make sure they didn’t move until now, and they were no longer needed.</p>

      <p>The <em>Argo</em> reached the airspace above Svel, and we leapt from the ship all together, landing on the grounds of Megrez’s half-destroyed mansion. The insides of the house had been cleaned up somewhat, and Virgo and Merak were talking about something while facing each other across a table. For some reason, Merak seemed overcome with emotion, as he was producing a river of tears. It was a little creepy. The hero’s party was outside, and for some reason, Parthenos was in the hands of the Gatekeeper, who was holding her up like a cat. <em>What is she playing at?</em></p>

      <p>“How are you doing, Gatekeeper?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Well, Lady Lufas,” the Gatekeeper responded.</p>

      <p>“Good. By the way, what did Parthenos do?”</p>

      <p>“I judged her to be in the way of their family reunion, so I removed her.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>“Can you say something to this lunk, Miss Lufas?” asked Parthenos. “This is no way to treat the dead.”</p>

      <p>“It shouldn’t be a problem for a dead person as lively as you.”</p>

      <p>Neither Megrez nor Mizar were present, so they’d probably already started acting. They weren’t the types to lose sight of what must be done in front of the destruction of the world. <em>Merak should also be acting, but... Well, I’ll overlook that.</em></p>

      <p>“So we made it.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Sei replied questioningly to my personal mutterings.</p>

      <p>It seemed that he had yet to experience any interference from the Goddess. If Dina was to be believed, the other side would surely take action at some point, but at any rate, he still seemed fine at the moment. Personally, it would be best for me if she would try something while I was around. If I was around, most things could be dealt with.</p>

      <p>Anyway, the fact that he wouldn’t oppose me even though he was the hero was a much happier stroke of luck than even he surely thought. If things went as Dina and I had expected, he should have had his heart and will broken long ago. Either that, or he should have become a pawn of the Goddess completely. The fact that that hadn’t happened gave us an extra card to play while also taking one away from the Goddess. On this board state, this was something both crucial and insignificant. If I were to liken it to shogi, it was like one of the pieces the Goddess would surely have made use of had suddenly disappeared from the board.</p>

      <p><em>All that’s left on her side of the board now is the king, the ouroboroses protecting the king, and two each of the gold and silver generals. Something like that. Wait, she took Libra from me and is about to take Dina... They’d be a rook and a bishop, I think? They’ll probably appear on her side eventually. So currently, things are a little on my side, I think.</em></p>

      <p>“Sei, there’s something I want to entrust you to do. Will you accept?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“S-Sure...” Sei said. “If it’s something someone like me can do.”</p>

      <p>“Only you can accomplish this.”</p>

      <p>It was convenient for me that the boy Sei was on my side. According to what I heard, he had gone to Laevateinn to convince the king there that I wasn’t an enemy. With that, dealing with the populace might go better than expected. It would be impossible for me. I was still looked at as the symbol of fear throughout the world, so I would surely be met with resistance. Orm was also out of the question; he would have it worse than I would. Leon would also be completely useless on that front, while Benet would only hold sway with the people of Mjolnir. There were also the remnants of the Seven Heroes, but thanks to their loss two hundred years ago, they also had detractors. So, there needed to be a unifying presence that was none of these, and the symbol that was the hero would be perfect.</p>

      <p>“From here on out, the Goddess will resort to the ouroboroses, and Mizgarz will be destroyed. Before that happens, I want to force as many living things as possible onto an ark, and I need you to calm the people who will surely be confused and persuade them to stay. Of course, I won’t tell you to do this alone. I plan to have Megrez and the others help you too.”</p>

      <p>If the world ends, so do its people. If that happened, any victory I could have could no longer be called a victory. That was why I had prepared an ark to evacuate as many living beings as possible. Unfortunately, though, there was no time to convince everyone to evacuate separately, so this would basically be forced onto them. I would be throwing them into the ark without their consent. Of course, if I did that there would be mass confusion, not to mention rebellion probably. However, if I appeared to handle this rebellion myself, it would only make things worse. I could force them into compliance using threats and Pressure, but if I did that, then I would just be returning to who I had been two hundred years ago. Politics relying on fear and power would always invite insurrection. The past me did not understand that.</p>

      <p>That was why the title of hero was so precious. Sei didn’t have to participate in the fight. He had his own role exactly because he didn’t participate in any useless fighting.</p>

      <p>“Um, but someone like me would...” Sei trailed off. “I’m weak, and I don’t have the awesome majesty that you do, Lufas...”</p>

      <p>“You are better because you are weak. In the past, I tried to control everything through power, but all that did was create fear, and I failed.”</p>

      <p>The past me was weak, someone who was oppressed. I hated that, so I sought power. I greedily coveted strength. I made my way through several battlefields, killing, killing, and killing some more. The past me should have had feelings of wanting to protect the weak, at least at first. I was enthusiastic about saving those who were kind but powerless, like my mother. Then I became strong, and then even stronger. At some point, I lost the ability to understand the hearts of the weak. I didn’t gain power; I ran away to power.</p>

      <p>“You understand the hearts of the weak because you are weak. You are the right person for this.”</p>

      <p>I patted him on the shoulder, and at the same time, a small light suddenly and quickly enveloped him.</p>

      <p>“U-Ummm...” Sei stuttered. “What was that just now?”</p>

      <p>“Just a little charm. To make sure no one tries to stop you from convincing people, you see. Don’t worry. It won’t harm you in any way, and I’ll make sure to get rid of it later.”</p>

      <p>“G-Got it...”</p>

      <p>Sei never ran towards power. If it was him, he probably wouldn’t lose sight of who he was no matter what the Goddess did. It was just as Benet said. Those who could walk on their own two feet would never become the Goddess’s puppet.</p>

      <p>Also, the exchange of violence that would be coming was not an appropriate battleground for him. The base fighting was our place to shine, mine and the Goddess’s. Basically, this was a fight between Alovenus and me. I didn’t like her story, and she didn’t like me. We were yelling that as we tried to get rid of the other side’s abilities. That was all.</p>

      <p>That was the meaning of base, of a low-level fight. It was no different from a childish temper tantrum. The only problem was that these children were stronger than anyone. So, you see? We had to settle things. We had to figure out who was on top. <em>Now then, it’s about time to start this base, childish fight at the highest levels in the universe.</em></p>

      <p>“Storm of Winter.”</p>

      <p>I activated my skill and enveloped all of Mizgarz in whipping winds. At the same time, I opened up an Exgate. I summoned something from the crack in space-time.</p>

      <p>What I summoned was an absolutely enormous ship, one that was so absurdly big that it far surpassed even Blutgang. It was what Dina and her conspirators had been working on for two hundred years, a shelter to help people survive the Twilight of the Gods. It was easily over several hundred kilometers in size. At that size, it was no longer a simple ship; it was a space battleship. Surrounding it in the air were the sacred beasts who had once protected the halfling country: Seiryuu, Suzaku, Byakko, and Genbu.</p>

      <p>“That’s huge. So that’s why you faked your death two hundred years ago.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, wait a second...” Scorpius said. “Why are they all there? I should have killed them...”</p>

      <p>The Ark, which suddenly appeared, had not only the boy Sei but also the likes of Benet and Scorpius dumbfounded. I could also hear the stirring voices of the people in town. Still, the people of Svel had already heard what Megrez had to say, so they were calm.</p>

      <p>I manipulated the wind, and starting with the nearby city of Svel, I lifted each country out of the surrounding ground entirely. I covered them in shields and carried them directly into the Ark, which was already ready and waiting for these new additions, with open passages all over the place.</p>

      <p>After Svel came Laevateinn’s capital, then the other territories starting with Laegjarn. Then came Gjallarhorn and Nectar. Nectar was a little far, but the fact that its people were concentrated into a small area was very convenient. Maybe Dina had figured that into her plans as well. I lifted the entirety of the underwater kingdom of Skíðblaðnir along with the surrounding ocean, as well as the entire territory of Draupnir. I did my best not to shake them as much as possible, so I hoped they would forgive me for a few broken pieces of furniture. <em>I’ll pay you all back later.</em></p>

      <p>“Wai— Lufas! Just what is that?!”</p>

      <p>“I told you already, didn’t I? Mizgarz will be destroyed soon, so I can’t allow the people to stay on this planet any longer. I will be evacuating as many as possible with my power.”</p>

      <p>Yes, this planet would soon become a battlefield between the ouroboroses and the Goddess and us, so it was better for this place to be emptied. If there were those left who would die just from being caught up in the aftermath, I wouldn’t be able to go all out. Not to mention the fact that this planet would likely become one of pure death in the near future.</p>

      <p><em>Now then, Alovenus... There’s no need to hold back now, is there? You can feel free to come at me any time when you’re ready.</em></p>

      <h1>12</h1>

      <p>There, in Mizgarz’s sky, over the ground which Lufas had torn up in several places, Dina floated as she looked down with an expression like she was seeing trash. There was no light in her eyes; she seemed like nothing more than an exquisite doll. Next to her was Libra, a companion in being the Goddess’s puppet, who was waiting for her true master’s orders.</p>

      <p>“My word... You really don’t hold back, do you, Lufas?”</p>

      <p>The voice issuing from Dina’s mouth was hers, but the words weren’t. Dina’s body was talking, but the will behind it wasn’t Dina’s. Someone else was using her body to talk through—that being the Goddess.</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s fine. I should be happy that you put in the effort to save the organisms here. Honestly, I was thinking I’d have to bring in more of them from Earth, and that would be a hassle.”</p>

      <p>Dina was speaking in her voice, with her face, but it wasn’t actually Dina anymore. She was filled with unprecedented might. The surging divine power coming off her in waves made the very air shiver. Her strength most likely rivaled Lufas’s.</p>

      <p>“I have few pieces left available to me...” She paused. “And Lufas might even be able to defeat these dragons of mine.”</p>

      <p>Libra considered this for a moment. “Given her strength, that’s probably what will happen. You may be the great Alovenus, but your body is a borrowed one... There will be no guarantee of your victory.”</p>

      <p>“But the ending only starts after defeating the ouroboroses. The finisher will have to be done by the hero.”</p>

      <p>Lufas would surely defeat the ouroboroses. Though she might have to make some sacrifices, Lufas would win in the end. This was something everyone who had come this far knew. That being said, it wasn’t known how many losses Lufas’s side would suffer, but of course, it would be best for the Goddess if Lufas lost all of them other than herself. Rather, given the power of the ouroboroses, this is what should happen. However, even with all that, Lufas would most likely win. Even if she were to be left alone at the end, she would win.</p>

      <p>However, not even Lufas would have expected that the ouroboroses were only the opening act. In the end, the hero always wins. That was the one rule all stories should follow. So, Lufas would meet her end at the hands of an insignificant, weak hero.</p>

      <p>“Of course, the chance that she somehow exceeds my expectations is not zero.”</p>

      <p>After a moment’s pause, Libra spoke up, “Query: then why do you look like you’re having so much fun?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. I wonder. Maybe it’s because I myself also want to see what lies beyond this story.” Dina—or rather, the Goddess who was using her body—burst into derisive laughter. “What will happen on the off chance she manages to defeat the ouroboroses as well as the hero? Though they are mighty, the ouroboroses are, in the end, simply tools I’d prepared so as to not destroy this fragile universe. The hero is the same. Even if Lufas manages to claim victory over all, she will not be able to reach me. That is something even Lufas should know.”</p>

      <p>Libra considered the Goddess’s words before saying, “But if she manages to take down the ouroboroses, the hero, and the rest of us here, then you will have no more pieces to play. In that sense, this place will have been freed from your influence, would it not?”</p>

      <p>“You do have a point. However, that’s not necessarily the case. That person will do something that I would never expect... That’s the feeling I have.” Dina’s expression never changed, but her voice was dyed with expectation, and it seemed like she was having fun from the way she spoke.</p>

      <p>In the end, this was just a game to the Goddess. She’d be frustrated and unhappy if she lost, but that was all. There would be no actual harm to the Goddess. That was why she was so calm. She was able to laugh like that because she knew that she would be the one to win in the end. Sure, she’d be frustrated if she lost this particular round, but if she wanted to, the Goddess could simply destroy this universe, this game, at any time.</p>

      <p>“Then let us start the end of this world.”</p>

      <p>With that, the Goddess activated her skill to awaken the ouroboroses.</p>

      <p>The world shook. The ground cracked, wind raged about, and the weather changed erratically.</p>

      <p>The first dragon to show himself was the embodiment of light. The Sun ouroboros, which had been sleeping in the mountains of Vanaheim, opened his eyes and freed his gigantic form from the earth. His body, which seemed to go on forever, ascended through the heavens and wrapped around Mizgarz. His size, which even the word absurd could not fully express, meant that he was surely noticed by Lufas and the others. At this scale, he could no longer be called a proper living organism. Everyone except Lufas and Orm broke out into a cold sweat. Even Benetnasch couldn’t help beading up, even though she was outwardly calm.</p>

      <p>The white dragon, with near-divine light shining off of his scales, raised a howl that shook the world even harder.</p>

      <p>The next to appear was the avatar of Fire. The dragon with crimson scales flew up out of a volcano with an explosion and intersected with the path of the Sun ouroboros. With his appearance alone, the land boiled, and the fauna that Lufas could not retrieve burned to cinders. It was almost as if the entire world had suddenly turned into a desert, just from the appearance of the Ouroboros of Fire.</p>

      <p>Adding on to this, a gigantic tree appeared, piercing through the sky. Wreathed in lightning, it was so big not even the heat from the Ouroboros of Fire could burn it. It was a world tree that held sovereignty over all plants.</p>

      <p>On the opposite side, a dragon that seemed like the earth itself made his presence known, looking like a dragon covered in rocks.</p>

      <p>There were only four of these ouroboroses, but they were each manifestations of supernatural nature. They were the agents of the Goddess, boasting the largest bodies, the strongest scales, and the most power in the world. These four beings, said to only appear during the end of the world, descended, each emitting a roar that resounded out even through space.</p>

      <p>That roar said to the world,<em> Take this to heart, humans. Your age has now ended.</em></p>

      <p>Though they didn’t use human tongue, their deadly will was transmitted throughout the entire world.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Okay, everyone. I will handle Dina and Libra myself, so that means I’ll also be counting on all of you to handle the ouroboroses.”</p>

      <p>As they were able to see the ouroboroses for themselves, the members of the Twelve Stars all assumed tense expressions when they heard what Lufas had to say.</p>

      <p>With her power, Lufas would have been able to take on several ouroboroses at the same time and still be at the advantage. However, she had said that she would not be taking part in this particular battle. This wasn’t her underestimating the enemy. In fact, it was the opposite. Lufas had judged that if she didn’t commit her forces like this, she wouldn’t be able to win against the possessed Dina.</p>

      <p>There had been cases of the Goddess possessing others before. However, things were different this time. She was possessing her avatar, so her combat capabilities were even higher than the ouroboroses’. Also, Dina had already reported to Lufas what her fighting stats would be. Her HP would be 999,900,000,000. This was Alovenus’s HP in the game. The game’s Alovenus was the incarnation of the devs, their avatar, which meant Dina had been behind it. Naturally, that had some implications as to her strength when the Goddess was possessing her. That was what she had been trying to tell Lufas.</p>

      <p>Orm was the first to respond to Lufas’s orders, which could have been seen as madness. “Fine. I’ll take on the Ouroboros of Heaven.”</p>

      <p>If the other side had ouroboroses, then they just had to respond in kind. Orm was both arbitrator and destroyer, hailing from the same origin as the enemy did. Orm leapt into the air, instantly becoming a dragon covered in black scales. Then, he turned towards the enemy he had declared he would take on.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch was the next to step forward.</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll take the Fire one. Let’s see just how strong these ouroboroses or whatever are.”</p>

      <p>True, the ouroboroses were at the apex of the world’s pecking order. However, if they were the apex, Lufas’s group was filled with oddities that didn’t fit into any established order. They’d moved past the rules set by the Goddess.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch flashed a smile filled with confidence, but then, someone interrupted her.</p>

      <p>“Wait.”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch paused. “Oh, it’s just you, Fairy Princess.”</p>

      <p>“It’s not like I’ve revised my opinion on any of them...” Pollux hesitated. “But this <em>is </em>an emergency. If you’re going anyway, take them with you.”</p>

      <p>Pollux seemed rather dissatisfied as she spoke, but she activated her skill anyway. A light immediately shone down from above, giving form to four men. They were all faces that Benetnasch knew well: the Sword King Alioth, the Beast King Dubhe, the Adventurer King Phecda, and the Blacksmithing King Mizar. They were all hated enemies from two hundred years in the past who had already been revived once when Pollux had been controlled by the Goddess. Now, they’d been called upon once again.</p>

      <p>“Pollux, you...” Castor trailed off.</p>

      <p>“Don’t say any more, please, my brother. I still haven’t revised my opinion.”</p>

      <p>Pollux’s skill allowed her to summon heroic spirits of those she recognized as such. In other words, she wasn’t able to call upon those whom she didn’t think of as heroes. That was why Pollux hadn’t previously been able to call upon the Seven Heroes. That also meant that the fact that she was now able to imply that she’d changed her mind about them. She’d come to learn of their pasts, their circumstances, and after having seen Merak with Virgo, she had also come to learn of their struggles and pain. She’d probably started to think, <em>Forgiving them by now should be all right. </em>Though Pollux should have realized this about herself, she was also probably very conflicted about this. That was why she was unable to honestly admit that, instead opting to simply summon them, then proceed to turn her back.</p>

      <p>“I’m here too! Looks like we’ve all managed to meet up for the final feast!”</p>

      <p>On top of that, Blutgang came soaring in from the sky before landing nearby. A voice boomed from the mobile capital’s speakers as it transformed into its giant golem form. “Your mana engine’s working wonders, Megrez! Blutgang can fly now!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, my Blutgang is flying!” exclaimed Mizar.</p>

      <p>“Whaat?!” the golem Mizar exclaimed. “Why am I there?!”</p>

      <p>“Hey, me! I’m back from Valhalla to atone for my past sins!”</p>

      <p>Here and now, the Seven Heroes had surprisingly all reunited. Though there was now an extra Mizar, that didn’t change anything.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch heaved a sigh, her arms still crossed, but the corners of her mouth were loose. <em>Looks like they’re themselves this time, at least. </em>Then, Lufas took a small bottle from a pocket and threw it towards Megrez and Merak.</p>

      <p>“This is...”</p>

      <p>“Use it,” Lufas said. “It’s an elixir. We are heading into the final battle. It wouldn’t do to have the two of you at half power.”</p>

      <p>There was a pause before they said, “Thank you.”</p>

      <p>After drinking the elixir given to him by Lufas, Megrez stood from his wheelchair. At the same time, Merak also regrew his wing, and Taurus stepped closer.</p>

      <p>“Are your wounds all right now, Taurus?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I will be fine. My friend has finally regained her sense of self... This is no time for me to be resting.”</p>

      <p>With just that, Taurus passed by Lufas. There was no need for extraneous conversation. <em>My friend has returned and is going to fight, so I am going to join the battlefield as well. And if my friend will let the past be water under the bridge, so shall I. </em>This was, as it had always been, the form Taurus’s friendship and loyalty to Lufas took.</p>

      <p>“Clench your teeth,” said Taurus.</p>

      <p>Megrez paused, then acquiesced. “Okay.”</p>

      <p>“Do it,” Merak said.</p>

      <p>“Aldebaran!”</p>

      <p>Taurus’s fist collided mercilessly with Megrez and Merak, who were blown backwards and flung to the ground. With this, the past was now the past. At the very least, Taurus was not going to drag this on any further.</p>

      <p>Merak and Megrez both got up with swelling faces, but their expressions seemed refreshed.</p>

      <p>“The curses placed on the two of you have been lifted,” said Taurus. “Do with that as you please.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much,” Megrez expressed to Taurus, who had already turned his back to them, before waving his arm.</p>

      <p>When he did so, Levia approached, allowing Megrez to jump on top. Merak flapped his once-again complete set of wings while Alioth also got on top of Levia.</p>

      <p>“We’ll bear the burden of this fight with you, Benetnasch,” said Dubhe.</p>

      <p>“Let’s fight together!” exclaimed Phecda.</p>

      <p>Dubhe and Phecda appeared in their prime as they stuck out their hands towards Benetnasch, who scoffed but put her hand on top of theirs anyway. Mizar also laid his hand on top, after which Merak descended and joined in. Lastly, Megrez jumped off of Levia to also throw his hand in. Alioth tried to descend as well, but when he did, Levia raised its head for some reason and wouldn’t let him off.</p>

      <p>“Don’t drag me down,” Benetnasch said haughtily, but the others’ replies sounded full of confidence.</p>

      <p>“Of course we won’t,” said Megrez. “You know how strong we are, don’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Leave your back to us,” Merak said.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go on a rampage together like old times, Benet!” Mizar exclaimed.</p>

      <p>They all knew one another’s strengths, and though it angered her, Benetnasch knew they would help. <em>Fine then. Just come if you all want to, and use your strength to your heart’s content. </em>Though Benet never said it out loud, she consented to them following along while feeling strangely nostalgic.</p>

      <p>“Hey, wait a second!” Alioth called out. “Why am I the odd one out?! I’m coming down now, so wait for me! You guys, don’t break the circle! I’m not down yet!”</p>

      <p>“All right, let’s go, everyone. First, we need to show ourselves to the people in the Ark and calm them down along with Sei. We can just leave Alioth alone.”</p>

      <p>“MEGREEEEEEEEZ!”</p>

      <p>The Seven Heroes, Blutgang, and Levia all flew off together towards the Ark.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>