<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_8">
    <div class="main">
      <p>The two energies clashed, and about a third of Mizgarz was reduced to dust as it lost its spherical shape.</p>

      <p>Aigokeros was the one who lost the clash. Thanks to the ouroboros’s roar, he was instantly blasted back to Mercury, where he changed the face of the planet. However, Aigokeros stood back up, overflowing with bloodlust as he grabbed Mercury and turned around on the spot.</p>

      <p>Though the planet paled in size to Mizgarz, it was still undoubtedly a planet, and it was flung at the Ouroboros of Wood. Furthermore, Aigokeros shot out repeated casts of Deneb Algedi. He destroyed the core of Mercury, causing it to explode and envelop the Wood ouroboros. However, the dragon emerged from the flames of that explosion and wrapped around Aigokeros.</p>

      <p>Not one to lose, the goat demon grabbed the Wood ouroboros’s mouth and tried to pry it open so that the dragon would split in two. The Wood ouroboros tried to counter by rapid-firing beams of light from his mouth, and Aigokeros’s entire head disappeared.</p>

      <p>No living thing could survive losing its head, but Aigokeros was a demon. More than half of his body was made of mana, so common sense didn’t apply. His head instantly came back, and this time, Aigokeros shot his own beam of destructive light at point-blank distance to burn the head of the Wood ouroboros.</p>

      <p>The dragon’s scales were burnt, and his face collapsed. However, that too was temporary, as the Wood ouroboros regenerated in the next moment.</p>

      <p>“SSSHHHHAAAAHHHHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>“GRRWWWOOOOOOOOUGH!!!”</p>

      <p>Both the Ouroboros of Wood and the demon lord screamed and clashed once again.</p>

      <p>At first glance, the fight may have seemed even. However, seeing the amount of damage dealt, it was clear who had the upper hand. Aigokeros could not win against the Wood ouroboros. At best, he could only put up a good fight. In fact, it should be considered amazing that he could put up such a good fight on his own.</p>

      <p>The Wood ouroboros’s fangs sunk into the goat demon’s arm as a strike of his tail impacted Aigokeros’s chest. Finally, Aigokeros, with his body half-destroyed, fell to Mizgarz.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>The silver light flew in all directions. It rained blows down on the blazing body of the Fire ouroboros, after which it withdrew before a counterblow could come.</p>

      <p>It was the Vampire Princess Benetnasch, fighting the Fire ouroboros. She forced the laws of inertia to quit as she completely changed direction several times, taking impossible courses of movement to continue to attack the Fire ouroboros. She was fighting the embodiment of fire. His internal temperature numbered in the tens of thousands of degrees Celsius.</p>

      <p>Any normal living thing wouldn’t even be able to approach before being burned to death, but Benetnasch was not normal. Ignoring the burns on her fists, she continued to slam in attacks at such speed she was overwhelming the superregeneration afforded to the ouroboros by the world.</p>

      <p>Mizgarz itself had already lost its original planet shape, and now, most of the surface was sunk under magma. There was only a small area kept safe, thanks to a shield erected by Lufas. Given a few minutes, Mizgarz would probably explode, and the entire world would be gone. However, Benetnasch just treated that magma as solid footing as she continued her one-sided fight against the Fire ouroboros.</p>

      <p>“Haaaaaggghhh!”</p>

      <p>With a loud shout, she kicked up the Fire ouroboros’s jaw. Because of the size difference between the two combatants, it seemed like the Fire ouroboros simply looked up of his own accord. It was an absurd sight.</p>

      <p>Though the dragon opened his mouth and spat out flames, Benetnasch was no longer there. This time, she came from the side with a kick, sending the Fire ouroboros into the sea of magma.</p>

      <p>“Lunatic Rain.”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch shot a silver-colored ball into the sky. The ball scattered in the air, becoming countless raindrops of light as it fell to the ground. Each drop of light held enough destructive potential to wipe out the entirety of humanity’s territory, and there were several thousand of them. The spell pierced into the magma all at once, chasing after the Fire ouroboros.</p>

      <p>Eventually, the spell ended, but nothing came out of the magma. Benetnasch knew that the Ouroboros of Fire wouldn’t be done in by that attack just then, so she crossed her arms and made a small click of her tongue. <em>Tsk! My spell’s power was nowhere near what it should have been. That dumbass goat. He gathered too much mana.</em></p>

      <p>There needed to be mana in order to use magic. However, Aigokeros was using all of Mizgarz’s mana at the moment, so the mana in the area was nearly dry. Thanks to that, Benetnasch’s spells didn’t have the power behind them that she wanted. In other words, Benetnasch’s trump card, the Maiden Who Shoots a Silver Arrow, was not going to have much effect.</p>

      <p>Even without magic though, Benetnasch was plenty threatening. Not being able to use magic in no way weakened her. <em>Hmph... Well, whatever. All I have to do then is bring this into close combat.</em></p>

      <p>Just as she was considering going in after her enemy, the Fire ouroboros finally popped his face out of the magma. <em>As I thought. The damage was light.</em> Benetnasch’s attack speed slightly beat out the dragon’s recovery speed, but either way, it looked like she would have to prepare for a long fight.</p>

      <p>The Fire ouroboros quietly looked down upon Benetnasch, then it spoke. “Wonderful. To think there was someone who could touch me. Never before have I felt this kind of pain.”</p>

      <p>What spilled from the ouroboros’s mouth was not curses or hatred but honest praise. He narrowed his eyes as if being affected by the heat—well, he actually <em>was</em> affected by the heat—but he also raised his voice in delight.</p>

      <p>“This feeling that pierces throughout my body... Oh, what a sweet sensation! I now understand what love feels like!”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch paused. “What?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, my small but strong and beautiful princess! I have fallen for you! My long and boring life has all been for this moment! Your silver hair, white skin, crimson eyes... Ohhh, all of it is just lovely! So this is love! L O V E! I am overjoyed! OOOOHHHHHH! Let my feelings reach you, Vampire Princess! Marry me, princess!”</p>

      <p>For a long while, Benetnasch remained silent.</p>

      <p>“Ah, I see. You’re shy! I love that part of you too. It’s fine. I am a gentleman. I won’t treat you roughly. Don’t worry about the size difference. I’ll do my best to achieve a human transformation, so just wait for me, my sweet honey bunny.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, whoops,” the Ouroboros of Fire quickly continued. “I’ve gone and revealed that I’m a virgin. That’s not true. I’m not actually a virgin. True, I’ve never had intercourse, but I’m a perfect being and an agent of the Goddess, so it just wasn’t necessary. That’s why human definitions of virgin don’t apply to me. Don’t misunderstand, please! Right, I’ve heard that persistent men are unpopular. Let’s take things through the proper order. First, we should go on a date. Yeah, a date! Mizgarz is about to be destroyed, so I’ll show you around Mars.”</p>

      <p>The ouroboros looked towards the place the planet should have been and was shocked silent for a long moment. “MARS IS GOOONNEEEEEE?! WHO THE HELL BROKE MARS?! What the hell kind of prank is this, to have my first idea for a date already gone?! Dammit! No, wait. It’s fine. How about space? Yeah, let me invite you to the sea of stars. Don’t worry. I’ll say it again: I am a gentleman, not some beast who will force intercourse on unwilling women. We can start off with getting to know each other better. It’ll be fine. I’m confident in my looks. I can make you notice me. And after about a year of dating, I can present you with a ring. I’ll collect diamonds from throughout space to give you a supersized engagement ring the size of a planet. How does that sound? Aren’t I generous? Where should we build our home, I wonder? Right, there’s another universe other than this one. It’s the ‘first’ universe, where the laws of physics rule, and there’s no magic. There’s a planet there named Earth where the culture is quite advanced, and it seems they have a lot of good food and entertainment. We can build our house there. Doesn’t that sound like a good idea? How many children should we have? Oh, of course, I don’t plan to make you push yourself. I want kids, but if you don’t, I can drop the idea. Also—”</p>

      <p>Heedless of Benetnasch’s reaction, the Ouroboros of Fire simply put his own feelings first as he talked nearly endlessly. There was no longer a shred of dignity or majesty left to his name. In fact, the ouroboros was, quite honestly, creepy.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch had now completely lost the desire to fight and was instead filled with exasperation and disgust as she looked at the Fire ouroboros as if he were utter filth. Lufas and Scorpius, who had been waiting for Dina a little ways away, also heard this confession and were extremely creeped out as well.</p>

      <p>After a moment, Lufas said, “Ouroboroses are very different from what I imagined. I figured they would all have much more dignity than that...”</p>

      <p>“Wow, that’s such cringe... Seriously cringe... He’s talking like a machine gun and ignoring her while putting his virginity on full display. How creepy can you even get? The fact that that thing is the peak of our Fire element makes me so sad and disgusted. Don’t you think so too, Lady Lufas?” Scorpius spoke with true contempt, but all that did was remind Lufas of all the dangerous lines Scorpius had said over the years and her borderline stalker behavior. For some reason, she also thought of Mars, who she’d once sent flying.</p>

      <p>After contemplating this for some time, Lufas said, “No. Somehow, it makes a lot of sense to me.”</p>

      <p>The ouroboroses were manifestations of transcendent nature and were symbols of their respective elements. <em>So if the Ouroboros of Fire is like that... I see. Strangely enough, I now totally understand why there are so many people like that with the Fire element. The only spot of relief in the Fire element is Aries. It’s a wonder how he managed to turn out all right. Well, it’s also like him to get obsessive about something and charge straight in or go berserk. In that sense, he’s very much Fire-aligned.</em></p>

      <p>Lufas paused. <em>I really hope the Sun ouroboros is decent... </em>Lufas looked up into the heavens and prayed from the bottom of her heart that the ouroboros that symbolized her element, the Sun, wasn’t such a gigantic weirdo. <em>Now that I think about it though, I’d be praying to that useless Goddess. Yeah, this might be a lost cause.</em></p>

      <h1>16</h1>

      <p>Benetnasch’s response to the Fire ouroboros’s passionate but deeply disturbing confession was a kick. She kicked the ouroboros, who was looming like a literal mountain, in the side of his face before getting around to his other side to kick him again. As one might expect when the target was of an ouroboros’s size, it was impossible for Benetnasch to send him flying with one blow. At best, she could send him reeling heavily. However, the ouroboros was definitely taking damage, and each new blow from Benetnasch backed the Fire ouroboros further into a corner.</p>

      <p>With Benetnasch’s level of power and speed, the size difference was no longer a handicap. In fact, Benetnasch was far too small a target from the ouroboros’s perspective, and he was having trouble finding his mark.</p>

      <p>However, the Fire ouroboros wouldn’t just let this fight end one-sidedly. In response to Benetnasch’s speed, he swiftly manipulated his gigantic body to surround Benetnasch.</p>

      <p>“This is...”</p>

      <p>As if he was curling into a ball, the Fire ouroboros completely closed Benetnasch in. If the opponent was too fast, then the counter was simple: just shut them inside. Of course, with the Fire ouroboros’s size, the space within his bodily enclosure was also abnormally large. In Earth terms, Japan would fully fit inside. However, the size wasn’t a problem; there was meaning in her being enclosed at all. The Fire ouroboros’s body temperature now numbered in the tens of thousands of degrees Celsius, and he could will himself to get hotter.</p>

      <p>Basically, the interior was now an inescapable prison of flame. Given Benetnasch’s regeneration ability, she wouldn’t be cooked that quickly, but it was a fact that her ability to regenerate was being overwhelmed. As it stood, she would be pushed to the brink of death and captured. Not even Benetnasch was able to resist this heat, and her consciousness started to get hazy as she began dripping uncomfortably with sweat.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. So you’re planning to steam me to death? Don’t underestimate me!”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch took to the sky, punching the Fire ouroboros with all her might. Being unable to escape applied to both parties. The Fire ouroboros’s attack wouldn’t allow him to evade Benetnasch’s attacks.</p>

      <p>At the speed of light, Benetnasch unleashed a storm of blows that gouged into the Fire ouroboros, the impact of which caused blood to fill his mouth. However, Benetnasch was still the one at a disadvantage. Being constantly exposed to such heat, she was eating up her stamina at a prodigious rate, and she likely wasn’t able to bring out her full ability either. It wasn’t as if she had no chance, but even so, this wasn’t a contest of wills she wanted to take on.</p>

      <p>What both parties had failed to account for was the fact that this wasn’t a one-on-one fight.</p>

      <p>“FIIIIIRRREEEEEEEE!”</p>

      <p>Several hundred guided missiles flew at the Fire ouroboros, impacting the dragon all at once and exploding. Each missile had enough firepower in it to change scores of kilometers of land into scorched earth and would completely erase most living things. The missiles that missed spawned several mushroom clouds, and the giant golem Blutgang followed up its attack by performing a tackle at maximum combat speed.</p>

      <p>While doubling as a country’s capital, the golem could also transform into a metal giant of over 1100 meters, and it currently had a fist clenched, which it used to throw a punch. The Fire ouroboros was hit, which was enough support to allow Benetnasch to escape. However, it wasn’t over yet. Three mass-produced Libras and the Gatekeeper sortied from the golem Blutgang’s ports, and they showered the dragon in weapons fire.</p>

      <p>“You tiny nobodies! Don’t get in the way of my romance!”</p>

      <p>The Fire ouroboros opened his mouth and unleashed his flames at Blutgang. The flames, which reached a temperature of over two million degrees Celsius, were hotter than the Sun’s corona, hot enough to melt any worldly metal. However, the cone of fire was split in half before it could reach Blutgang.</p>

      <p>“You can’t call something one-sided like that a romance!”</p>

      <p>After showing that he could split an ouroboros’s fire in two, Alioth next split apart his scales. The Sword King was using Lifthrasir, which had previously been used by Lufas in her fight with Benetnasch. Following up on that, a hand large enough to even grab something as large as an ouroboros sprouted from the magma to punch the dragon in its jaw.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha! Now this! This feeling is nostalgic!”</p>

      <p>Mizar stood straight with his arms crossed on top of Blutgang as he laughed heartily and used the arms he’d transmuted to hold the Fire ouroboros down. That was when the guardian deity Levia flew in, tackling the Fire ouroboros.</p>

      <p>“Psycho Compression!”</p>

      <p>“Apsaras!”</p>

      <p>Merak raised his hands and stopped the Fire ouroboros for a moment, allowing Megrez to bring forth a swan of water to hit it with. The Seven Heroes weren’t done yet either. Dubhe leapt from the top of Levia’s head, throwing out his fist backed by everything he could muster. Doing so caused a pressure wave to come from his fist, which took the form of a ferocious bear’s face before it burst against the Fire ouroboros’s face.</p>

      <p>Next, a rain of arrows so thick it blotted out the sky rained down to further chase down the dragon. The arrow rain unleashed by Phecda was concentrated to a single point, and all the arrows swarmed the Fire ouroboros, carving out countless tiny holes in its body. While they were just small holes to an ouroboros, they were still big enough for a person to fit inside.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch, who had managed to escape from the Fire ouroboros’s burning hell, flew out of the stratosphere. Once she was out, she concentrated mana into the palm of her hand. Mizgarz’s mana had run dry thanks to a certain idiotic goat. However, Benetnasch had seen the truth of the world before this fight. Space itself was a spell of the Goddess. Everything was made of mana, so there was mana to use—an infinite amount, ripe for the gathering.</p>

      <p>“Maiden Who Shoots a Silver Arrow!”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch’s silver arrow stabbed through the Fire ouroboros’s body and burst. The Fire ouroboros’s body was halved before it was torn apart and fell.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Two monsters swam through the sea of stars. One was black and the other white. The two dragons who reigned over the elements of light and dark entwined and bit at each other as a fierce battle developed between the two. The flashes of light they emitted from their mouths traveled far into the distance before exploding, and each swing of their tails swiped away countless asteroids.</p>

      <p>While clashing, the two of them swam around Saturn. Both of them were going all out, throwing out skills that could destroy planets at each other over and over.</p>

      <p>“My lunar brother... You foolish man. You have betrayed the divine... To think you would become our enemy...”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I may have, Ouroboros of the Sun, but I do not regret it.”</p>

      <p>“It’s Heaven now. Please, use it with fondness.”</p>

      <p>The Sun—nay, the Heaven ouroboros—corrected Orm, giving a new name in response. In truth, the Ouroboros of the Sun was correct, but just like his avatar, he strangely seemed to have a strong preference.</p>

      <p>Orm shot a destructive beam from his mouth, completely uncaring of his opponent’s whims, and the white dragon returned the attack in kind, canceling each other out. For a moment, everything was perfectly in balance, but then the black and white beams burst, resulting in a flash observable from Mizgarz. Blastwaves from the explosion raged about, and around twenty percent of Saturn’s rings were erased from existence. However, the two beings who had brought this about were still perfectly healthy.</p>

      <p>They glared at each other, waiting to see how the other would act.</p>

      <p>“Well, whatever. In truth, it doesn’t matter to me whether or not you have any regrets. I can’t even begin to care. There’s only one thing that’s important. You’ve betrayed us and are standing in front of me... That’s all that matters.”</p>

      <p>“So you find me that unforgivable?” Orm spoke as if trying to reason with his opponent.</p>

      <p>However, that only elicited scornful laughter from the Ouroboros of Heaven. “Ke ke ke keh!” The dragon paused, then admitted, “No. In fact, it’s the opposite.”</p>

      <p>“The...opposite?”</p>

      <p>“Exactly. I’m grateful you betrayed us. Well done for standing in front of me. For so long, I’ve thought that this world was utterly boring and small. No, that’s not all. I could have simply endured that much. But what I couldn’t stand, you see, was the fact that there were so many strong opponents nearby that I couldn’t fight!”</p>

      <p>With that, the Ouroboros of Heaven started to shine. That shine soon resolved into multiple lasers coming from all over his body which attacked the surroundings indiscriminately. But Orm simply charged through that curtain of fire, clashing head-on with the Ouroboros of Heaven.</p>

      <p>“Good. Hurt me! Make me feel that I’m alive! I’ve wished for this for so long—to be able to fight the others! Kill and be killed, eat and be eaten... Ah, how I’ve dreamed of the supreme bliss that would come from being able to do that...” The Ouroboros of Heaven spoke rapturously, expressing his true emotions as he used his tail in an attempt to choke Orm.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Orm did the same, using his tail to squeeze his enemy’s neck.</p>

      <p>Both of them were even in terms of strength. Actually, Orm may have been stronger due to the fact that he had managed to temporarily surpass the limit during his fight with Lufas. Even so, the scales of victory were ever so slowly starting to lean in the Ouroboros of Heaven’s favor.</p>

      <p>In the end, Orm was an ouroboros. His power was limited by the very fact that he was opposing the Goddess. He was unable to fight with his full strength. While Orm had barely gained the ability to fight, thanks to being placed under Lufas’s control, his instincts were still putting up an intense fight which had turned into a harsh handicap.</p>

      <p>“A life consisting only of slumber with no pain... An invincible life with no rivals... Ah, how worthless ouroboroses are. So boring, so miserable... It was as if I’d been dead all this time. So I thank you, Ouroboros of the Moon, my brother. I have lived for just this moment. This is the time I have longed for my entire life. I see now. This is pain, as well as joy... Ahh... So this is what it means to be alive!”</p>

      <p>The Ouroboros of Heaven welcomed even pain as a sweet sensation, the edges of his mouth loosening with joy. <em>Now then, let’s fight, and let’s kill, my brother. Let us enjoy this supreme moment named battle!</em></p>

      <p>The Ouroboros of Heaven gave a shout, but that was when some sort of light shined in the corner of his vision. In the next moment, a blue slash hit the dragon’s eye directly. It would regenerate, but even so, the fact that he had lost an eye was big. Having had his enjoyable fight interrupted, the Ouroboros of Heaven angrily glared at the direction where the attack had come from, his remaining eye filled with bloodlust. There, he saw a white-winged horse and Terra riding on top of it.</p>

      <p>Of course, it was not actually a horse. It was a member of the argonautai, summoned from the afterlife by Pollux. In the past, it had been strong enough to be in the next class down from the Twelve Stars, and its name was lined up along the likes of Fenix and Hydras. It was the divine steed Pegasus. Its level was 800, the same as the Twelve Stars, though now that Lufas had broken past the world’s limits again, it was back to 1000. It had a unique skill that allowed it to protect its rider from any environment, allowing whoever was mounted on it to travel safely anywhere. Of course, that “anywhere” also included space.</p>

      <p>“Father, I’m here to help!”</p>

      <p>Since Terra hadn’t obtained the Esper or Psychicer classes, he normally wouldn’t be able to converse in space like Lufas or the ouroboroses could. However, thanks to the Pegasus, his voice could reach Orm.</p>

      <p>Terra swung his blade, sending a slash carving into the Ouroboros of Heaven. From the ouroboros’s perspective, it was but a scratch. Even so, the slight pain could affect concentration.</p>

      <p>“How annoying!”</p>

      <p>The Ouroboros of Heaven shot a beam of destructive light from his mouth. As soon as he did, the Pegasus disappeared and instantly reappeared on the other side of the ouroboros.</p>

      <p>Pegasus was not a member of the Twelve Stars, but that didn’t mean it was inferior to them at all. In terms of speed, the only one who could surpass it was Sagittarius. Pegasus could reach sublight speed, though only for a moment. Even for an ouroboros, trying to hit it would be a hard task.</p>

      <p>“The clone of the Moon ouroboros, huh...? A gnat like you shouldn’t dare interrupt this joyous moment of mine!”</p>

      <p>The Ouroboros of Heaven once again unleashed a torrent of destruction from his mouth. Pegasus swiftly avoided the attack, but this time, the enemy ouroboros moved his head in chase. By doing so, the beam moved with him, and stars that were in the way were swept aside and exploded.</p>

      <p>The Ouroboros of Heaven was fully intent on continuing to shoot until he hit in a spectacularly brute-force method. Even the swift Pegasus would likely find it hard to avoid for long enough. However, Orm flew into a rage after seeing his child in danger, and he hit the Ouroboros of Heaven with his own black light of destruction.</p>

      <p>In that instant, the Ouroboros of Heaven’s tail loosened, and Orm was free to bite into his opponent’s neck. Though he was trying to bite through the universe’s toughest scales, Orm’s fangs were able to pierce through as a member of the same race.</p>

      <p>The Ouroboros of Heaven wasn’t going to go down so easily though, and he also chomped onto the base of Orm’s neck. The two of them fell into Saturn while still attempting to eat each other. They both dove into the gases of the planet at the same time, but Orm managed to get his head out a little faster, allowing him to charge at the Ouroboros of Heaven.</p>

      <p>He went for a tackle, a primitive method of attack where he used his entire body to slam into his enemy’s. But with an ouroboros’s giant body and the speed Orm was capable of, the attack would carry absurd destructive power with it. The two ouroboroses became comets as they flew through space, smashing through asteroids and other debris in their way as they fell back to Mizgarz into a sea of magma. The impact collapsed Mizgarz even further, but to the two combatants, the magma was only as dangerous as lukewarm water.</p>

      <p>They continued their fight in the magma before once again bursting out of the blazing sea at the same time.</p>

      <p>“Hahhhh... Hahhhh...”</p>

      <p>“Hmph... Looks like you’re exhausted. Of course you are. You no longer have the protection of the world. Thanks to that, I have infinite strength, but you no longer have that luxury... Your strength is limited, and that doesn’t just go for SP. Your HP recovery speed is also far behind mine. If possible, I’d have liked to fight you at your best, but that’s just how fights are.” The Ouroboros of Heaven paused. “This is my victory, brother.”</p>

      <p>Even on their own, the ouroboroses boasted more than enough regenerative ability. However, the Ouroboros of Heaven also had the support of the world. The eye that had been destroyed earlier was already back, while Orm had yet to fully recover from his wounds. This wasn’t all just because of backup from the world. Orm’s body was also rejecting this fight, so his regenerative ability was lowered. This difference was far too significant, even though they were both ouroboroses.</p>

      <p>“It was fun, brother... I will show you my respect and gratitude for this by ending your suffering.”</p>

      <p>Intending to finish Orm, the Ouroboros of Heaven opened his mouth. However, that was when several flashes flew in, bursting against the side of the enemy ouroboros’s face. The attacks were strong enough to erase entire cities, but they were weak—too weak. They were completely useless.</p>

      <p>In this fight at the ultimate level that could see entire stars destroyed, an attack that could only destroy a city could no longer be considered effective. This wasn’t a question of strong or weak. It wasn’t even really an attack. There wasn’t even a scratch on the Ouroboros of Heaven, as it only felt something lightly brush its cheek. In human terms, it was as if a ball of cotton had brushed up against one’s cheek. However, it probably still felt unpleasant.</p>

      <p>The Ouroboros of Heaven turned menacingly to glare at the small, weak things who were the culprits. There, it saw the armies of the devilfolk, numerous enough to blot out the sky.</p>

      <p>After a moment to assess, Saturnus commented, “Oh boy, that didn’t do anything. That <em>was</em> supposed to be our strongest combined attack though.”</p>

      <p>“It really is impossible, Lady Saturnus! Let’s just run! We can’t win against that thing!”</p>

      <p>At the head of the army was Saturnus, one of the Seven Luminaries of the devilfolk. She crossed her arms under her bountiful chest, supporting it as her mouth formed into a loose smile. However, she didn’t have nearly as much leeway as she made it seem. In fact, it was the opposite. The difference in power was just so large there was nothing else but to laugh.</p>

      <p>“Run? Where? There’s nowhere safe left in this world,” said Saturnus.</p>

      <p>“B-But...”</p>

      <p>“Prepare yourself. Now that it’s come to this, we have no other path but to ensure the Devil King’s victory. We either don’t fight and disappear, or we fight and die.”</p>

      <p>Saturnus’s eyes narrowed as she thought of those who had disappeared before her. They had in no way been good people. In fact, they had probably been out-and-out villains, and a lot of them had probably gotten what they deserved. She wasn’t sympathizing or pitying them at all, but even then... Yes, even then, they had still been alive. They had their own wills and their own hearts, and they had lived. In no way had they been puppets. That was why Saturnus laughed boldly.</p>

      <p>“Let’s show them how stubborn we can be... Especially that Goddess with an even worse personality than mine. If we were to just disappear here, that would truly make us puppets, wouldn’t it? So let’s at least go out with a bang!”</p>

      <p>Saturnus gathered what little mana she could in her palm. She didn’t expect to do any damage, nor did she even dream she could win. She was sure that in a few seconds, a counterattack would wipe them all from the face of the universe. Regardless, sitting and waiting for the end of the world didn’t sit right with her.</p>

      <p>“Don’t any of you bother with attacking skills or magic. It won’t work anyway. Focus on healing and buffs on the Devil King while debuffing the enemy. Show that, even as small fry, we have our own way of fighting!”</p>

      <p>Responding to Saturnus’s orders, the devilfolk executed their support for the Devil King in unison.</p>

      <p>Individually, there wasn’t much effect. Put bluntly, they were small fry. But still, with several thousand—no, tens of thousands—of them, the effect would combine into something great. Though a single healing spell wouldn’t fully heal Orm, thousands would. Though they used skills that would lower defense no matter the difference in levels, each one could only lower the stat by one point, given an ouroboros’s defense. But with sheer numbers, they might be able to take down the enemy’s defense by hundreds. With a difference that large, it would be possible for the Devil King to make a comeback. That was what Saturnus and her army were betting on, what they were forced to bet on.</p>

      <p>After a moment, the Ouroboros of Heaven said, “You pieces of trash... Don’t get in my way!”</p>

      <p>However, they were facing the Ouroboros of Heaven. He could decimate the devilfolk in an instant if he wanted to. There was no need for a beam, just a forceful breath would do. Their struggle while being so weak must have angered the Ouroboros of Heaven. The devilfolk were so weak their attacks couldn’t even be considered as such. There was such a difference in strength that they couldn’t even put up a fight, but just the fact that beings so insignificant dared to interrupt him was unforgivable.</p>

      <p>The Ouroboros of Heaven opened his mouth and mercilessly gathered light of incredible power.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, nope. This is impossible. We’re dead. Seriously dead. Well, at least it’ll probably be so quick I won’t even have time to feel pain.</em> With her arms still crossed and mouth still smiling, Saturnus couldn’t help but sweat. <em>I won’t do something as shameful as beg for my life in fear. If I’m going to die anyway, I might as well do it proudly. I’ll die fighting to the end, sending a message. That’s what we all came here to do in the first place, after all.</em></p>

      <p>The Ouroboros of Heaven unleashed— Nothing, as that was when Aigokeros fell from above, flattening the Ouroboros of Heaven under him. Having had his mouth forced closed, the blast the Ouroboros of Heaven had been charging burst inside his mouth, dealing massive damage.</p>

      <h1>17</h1>

      <p>“YOU’RE IN THE WAAAAAAYYYY!” Aigokeros shouted as he grabbed the Ouroboros of Heaven and swung him around.</p>

      <p>It was, honestly, an absurd excuse. After all, Aigokeros had been the one who had fallen in on their fight, so he would naturally be the one at fault. In other words, his line just now was something the Ouroboros of Heaven should have said. However, such things did not apply in this battle. Common sense and logic had no place here.</p>

      <p>Common sense had long been constrained from all sides and was no longer able to do anything at all. After all, this was Fimbulwinter. In the end, this fight was taking place between two forces full of ridiculousness and absurdity for the title of most senseless. Put simply, it was a tug-of-war between egos. Stripped down to basics, both sides were saying, “I am strong. I am right. I don’t like that other person, so die.”</p>

      <p>Saturnus, who was, comparatively, full of common sense, was totally put off by Aigokeros’s actions.</p>

      <p>“No way...” she muttered to herself.</p>

      <p>“You... FuckfuckFUCKFUCK! Why is everyone and everything getting in the way of my fight with the Ouroboros of the Moon?!”</p>

      <p>Of course, the one most angry about all this was the Ouroboros of Heaven himself. Giving in to anger, he bared his fangs at Aigokeros and bit off a chunk.</p>

      <p>Not one to lose, Aigokeros grabbed onto the Ouroboros of Heaven and tried to peel the dragon off, but that was when countless flashing lights burst against the Ouroboros of Heaven, forcing him off anyway. It wasn’t something weak enough to not even be considered an attack, like those the devilfolk army would muster. It was a concentrated barrage from the argonautai.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Aigokeros! What do you think you’re doing?! Our enemy’s the Wood one!” Pollux shouted.</p>

      <p>The Wood ouroboros played along. “She’s right, you know. I’m right here!” he said, rebuking Aigokeros as he lined up with the <em>Argo</em>.</p>

      <p>It closed the distance so naturally that Pollux was shocked, so the Wood ouroboros simply backed off again while chuckling mirthfully.</p>

      <p>“Fighting two is basically the same as fighting one. Either way, they are both my master’s enemies. I will bury them both at once! Come at me!”</p>

      <p>“WE’RE TAKING THEM ON SEPARATELY BECAUSE THAT’S GOING TO BE HARD! YOU <em>IDIOT</em>!” Pollux screamed while on the verge of tears.</p>

      <p>However, she quickly managed to gather herself and started analyzing the situation. <em>I know full well that I’m completely useless in this fight. I can just barely see what’s happening, thanks to the ring I got from Lufas, and due to that, I can yell at Aigokeros. So I should think about what I can do... I can no longer even summon enough spirits, so my only weapon left is my mind and the experience I’ve gathered from living so fruitlessly long.</em></p>

      <p>Fighting them one-on-one was the strategy, because if they managed to team up, things would get even harder. <em>Even so, the current situation is still disappointing, especially for Orm. At first, he seemed to be the one with the best chance out of all of us, being an ouroboros himself, but it turned out to be the exact opposite. He’s the one at the biggest disadvantage here. Even though he’s fighting someone the same as him, his instincts are shackling him. It looks like Terra and the other devilfolk are here, but unfortunately, they won’t be nearly enough to turn the tide of this battle. Meaning, if we leave Orm to his own devices, he will lose. Naturally, that also means that the Ouroboros of Heaven will be free to intervene in some other battle, which will snowball.</em></p>

      <p>Of course, Pollux didn’t believe that Aigokeros had thought that far ahead, but either way, she couldn’t definitively say he was wrong.</p>

      <p>“Fine,” she admitted a moment later. “A combined melee is unavoidable at this point anyway. We’ll form a combined front with Orm and take on both the Ouroboros of Heaven and Wood at the same time!”</p>

      <p>Pollux raised her hand and concentrated her will. She could summon another ten heroic spirits at most. In other words, she could no longer rely on the weight of numbers to win the day, and she couldn’t afford to summon just anyone. However, even Lufas’s former subjects were lacking in this fight and would easily be erased. <em>So who do I call? Aeneas? Uranus? Some other hero? No, none of them. They’ll still not be enough. If I don’t call someone stronger, they won’t even be able to fight.</em></p>

      <p><em>So... There’s only one option, or rather, one body. He won’t listen to me, but that probably won’t matter. Given his personality, he’ll just fight the ouroboroses on his own, as long as he doesn’t see Lufas. The real problem is whether I can call him in the first place.</em></p>

      <p>Pollux had never once thought of her potential subject as a hero. However, now wasn’t the time to assume it to be impossible. The word “can’t” wouldn’t work here; Pollux had to do it. <em>If it’s impossible, then I just have to make it possible. If I couldn’t do it before, I’ll just have to do it now. Lufas broke out of her own shell, and that led to this battlefield. I saw Virgo’s growth myself. I can also somehow tell that even Orm is breaking out of his limits, so I should also be able to do something like this!</em></p>

      <p>“The Fairy Princess does not recognize you but orders you nonetheless... Descend from Valhalla and become mine sword, you, the King of All Dragons With Ten Heads!”</p>

      <p>“Pollux, what...?!”</p>

      <p>“Descend, Ladon!”</p>

      <p>As Pollux shouted, a thunderous roar filled the area. Using her skill in a way it clearly was not meant to be used put a large burden on Pollux’s body, causing pain to run throughout her system. Argonautai was a skill meant for summoning heroes. It could not target those she didn’t recognize as such. Pollux absolutely did not think of Ladon as a hero, and she probably never would. Still, she brute forced her way into summoning him. She went far past just pushing herself. Still, she achieved the impossible and summoned him.</p>

      <p>The crashing lightning gradually took shape, and eventually, a dragon with ten heads took shape within the light, manifesting with a roar. Ladon used all of his ten heads to look upon the battlefield.</p>

      <p>The Ouroboros of Heaven spoke mockingly. “Hmph. Of all the things to call on... The head fake of all the terribly made imitations of us? Did you seriously think you could challenge me with that piece of trash? Heh heh heh... Your lack of skill is showing, Fairy Princess. I suppose you’re just a mere inferior piece of the Wood ouroboros in the end. I mean, Dragon King? It’s an impressive name for sure, but being the king of such trash only makes you filthy too. Know your place.”</p>

      <p>Pollux simply laughed fearlessly in response to the Ouroboros of Heaven’s ridicule. <em>As I thought... I know his personality now after hearing what he said after being thrown around by Aigokeros. That ouroboros is the type to respect those of the same rank in strength, but he looks down on anyone lower. </em>Therefore, Pollux had predicted that if she were to call upon Ladon, the Ouroboros of Heaven would surely say exactly what it had said. That had been her aim.</p>

      <p>All ten of Ladon’s heads turned to look at the Ouroboros of Heaven at once, filled with rage.</p>

      <p>“Were you the one who just mocked me?” the rightmost head, representing all ten, said after some silence.</p>

      <p>Unlike how he had been summoned before, Ladon was in full control of himself this time. Pollux had summoned him in his prime, before he had been killed by Lufas. Because of that, it would have been terrible if Ladon were to become an enemy, but it looked like that wouldn’t be a problem.</p>

      <p>“So what, you defect junk pile? You angry because I said the truth? Don’t make me laugh. Don’t resent me because I called you what you are: trash. I’ll bust a gut.”</p>

      <p>“You’re dead!”</p>

      <p>Ladon bared his bloodlust at the Ouroboros of Heaven before charging him.</p>

      <p>Just as planned. Even the feared Dragon King wouldn’t be able to match an ouroboros on his own, but he was still about as powerful as Leon. He wouldn’t go down easily.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, the <em>Argo</em> moved close to Orm so they could speak.</p>

      <p>“Orm, we’re going to form a united front here. Lend a hand,” said Pollux.</p>

      <p>“Fair enough. Allow me to support you however I can.”</p>

      <p>Pollux nodded, and reflecting her will, Castor took command. The twins, having the same originator, were able to somewhat understand each other without the need to use words. Castor was able to relay that will to all the argonautai, and the army of heroic spirits moved to carry that out as if they were a single living being.</p>

      <p>The one Castor pointed at was the Ouroboros of Wood. The plan was most likely to focus on the Wood ouroboros first before turning to defeat the Ouroboros of Heaven.</p>

      <p>In the face of such an obvious plan, the edges of the Wood ouroboros’s mouth loosened before it swiped its tail at Orm, who was most likely to be the first to attack. It was a direct hit, but Orm wasn’t fazed, and the feeling of it hitting him was somehow strange. When the Wood ouroboros looked closer, it noticed that there was some sort of crab in between its tail and Orm.</p>

      <p>“Acubens!”</p>

      <p>“Nwarrggh!!!”</p>

      <p>Using the opponent’s power, Karkinos unleashed his counter skill, forcing the Wood ouroboros to bend backwards. At the same time, Castor shifted his hand to point at the Ouroboros of Heaven, and everyone turned to face the new target at once.</p>

      <p>“O-Oh no!”</p>

      <p>“Everyone, fire!”</p>

      <p>Along with Castor’s shout, Orm and Aigokeros both unleashed powerful beams out of their mouths. Sagittarius used Al Nassr as well, while Pisces also shot some sort of flash of light from his mouth. A wave of slashing energy shot out of the anchor Castor swung down, while the rest of the crew aboard the <em>Argo</em> also used their own skills to attack. Furthermore, all of the <em>Argo</em>’s weapon ports opened fire in a concentrated bombardment, all of which hit the Ouroboros of Heaven.</p>

      <p>While being exposed to enormous torrents of energy, the Ouroboros of Heaven managed to keep his footing with great difficulty, but the attack wasn’t over yet. Ten identical flashes of light flew out of all of Ladon’s heads, but the attacks all converged on one point instead of hitting his enemy. Did Ladon cancel out his own attack on purpose? Was it a mistake? No, neither of those were true.</p>

      <p>The flashes combined together at that point and grew bigger, turning into a gigantic fireball with flashes of lightning running through it. The ball continued on, growing ever bigger as the world itself shook in resonance with this portent of doom.</p>

      <p>There was silence, then Ladon said, “Die.”</p>

      <p>The energy, which had grown to its limits, was unleashed. It mixed with all the rest of the attacks the Ouroboros of Heaven was enduring, and for a moment, everything was quiet.</p>

      <p>“Oh crap. Get down!”</p>

      <p>Castor quickly covered Pollux as everyone took a defensive stance. Immediately afterwards, a huge explosion that threatened to burn away both heaven and earth alike ripped a chunk of Mizgarz apart and raised a pillar of fire into the sky. While almost carried off by the blast wave and resultant gale-force winds, Pollux relayed their next steps to her brother, who then relayed it to everyone else.</p>

      <p>“Pisces... No, Eros! Use your unique skill!”</p>

      <p>“Why did you correct yourself?!”</p>

      <p>Having received orders from Castor, Pisces activated his skill, even while complaining. His body then converted into mana that entered the Wood ouroboros’s body as if it were being sucked in by something.</p>

      <p>Those who had at least started off in the Goddess’s camp had all received a part of her power in the form of a unique skill, like Parthenos’s Vindemiatrix or Pollux’s Argonautai, for example. Dina’s ability to manipulate others’ perception was probably the most extreme example of this.</p>

      <p>Pisces, as the Goddess’s child, was no exception to this. His unique skill was named Alrescha. Its effect allowed him to possess a target and control them, just like how the Goddess had possessed and controlled so many before. Using knowledge gained from the other side, as Lufas would put it, it was the ability to control the other’s avatar. In game terms, it would be like hacking into someone else’s account. It truly was an unfair ability only allowed because he was the child of divinity. In fact, it was just unfair.</p>

      <p>Using this power, Pisces may have also been able to do something about the aberrant god by himself, but he had been extremely put off by the Wicked God’s unsightly appearance, so he never did so. But now, Pisces was possessing the Ouroboros of Wood. Though not even Pisces would be able to move the ouroboros exactly as he wanted, he could at least stiffen and slow down the Wood ouroboros, and that was enough. With Pisces obstructing him from within and shifting his attacks even slightly to the side, their chances of winning were increased by more than enough.</p>

      <p>“Oho. So you’re going to try to obstruct me, huh?” the Ouroboros of Wood asked. “How interesting!”</p>

      <p>“Gwarrrgghh... How strong...is this thing...?! Even with us possessing him, it’s as if he’s still fully in control...” Pisces said.</p>

      <p>Both Pisces’s and the Wood ouroboros’s voices came out of the Wood ouroboros’s mouth. Both consciousnesses existed at once, but control of the body was still firmly in the Wood ouroboros’s grip. It would have been great if Pisces was able to fully wrest control from the Wood ouroboros, but of course, it would not be that easy.</p>

      <p>“Karkinos!”</p>

      <p>“O K!”</p>

      <p>Next, Castor gave his order to Karkinos, who swiftly rounded behind the Ouroboros of Heaven. Since he was normally nothing but a shield, Karkinos being ordered to get behind someone raised some flags with the Wood ouroboros, but he was also equally interested to see what his children would do next.</p>

      <p>“What are you all planning...?”</p>

      <p><em>There’s my possession by Pisces, and now that movement from Karkinos. Now then, what does it all mean?</em> the Ouroboros of Wood pondered. <em>Normally, all this would just lead to a loss in their ability to fight, especially since Pisces would never be able to fully control me. However, that just means that they’re clearly planning something. Let’s play it carefully here. No big moves. Just make some light jabs and see what comes.</em></p>

      <p>Unfortunately, the other ouroboros chose this moment to appear from the smoke to shout at the Wood ouroboros in anger.</p>

      <p>“What are you doing, Wood?! Hurry up and finish these interlopers! Leaving these weaklings on the battlefield is such an eyesore that I’m going blind!”</p>

      <p>“Now, now, just wait, my brother of Heaven. These ones are trying to do something. Why can’t you attack a little more carefully?”</p>

      <p>“It doesn’t matter! We’re ouroboroses. Just crush their measly, useless little plans under your full might!”</p>

      <p>After a beat of silence, the Ouroboros of Wood said, “Whatever happens, it’s not on me.”</p>

      <p>The Ouroboros of Heaven opened his mouth, and a white light converged inside of it. The Wood ouroboros did the same, and the flash of lightning shined from inside of his mouth. The two ouroboroses were planning a simultaneous breath attack. If they hit, it would mean complete decimation of all of Pollux’s forces.</p>

      <p>Orm reacted, opening his own mouth and aiming to cancel out the attack. Furthermore, the Dragon King shot his own breath from all ten heads at the Ouroboros of Heaven. Likewise, Aigokeros produced a black-colored light from his hands. Unfortunately, Orm could not fully cancel out the attack by himself in his weakened state. Only by combining with the Dragon King and Aigokeros’s attacks could they finally stop their doom.</p>

      <p>But before everything went off, Castor gave voice to more orders, ones very unexpected for their recipient, Pisces.</p>

      <p>“Now, Pisces! Amplify the power of the breath!”</p>

      <p>The Wood ouroboros was taken by surprise.</p>

      <p>Pisces was able to possess a target and rob them of control over their body. And just like how the Goddess could strengthen those she possessed, Pisces could also add his own power to those under his possession. As for why he was ordered to strengthen the Wood ouroboros, however... The answer to that soon revealed itself, though those orders confused the likes of Terra and Orm.</p>

      <p>The Wood ouroboros’s breath missed the <em>Argo</em> and seemed to head for the Ouroboros of Heaven. Rather, the attack went for Karkinos, who had circled behind him. That was the reason why Karkinos had moved there, so that he could redirect an enemy’s attack towards him and increase its accuracy.</p>

      <p>It was his skill Asellus Borealis. However, he did not teleport the attack to instantly hit, like Sagittarius’s arrow; it simply bent the attack towards Karkinos. It was a somewhat-shabby skill that would fail if there was any obstacle between the attack and Karkinos, and anyone who knew of this weakness would find it easy to block this. Yes. If there were to be an obstacle in the way of this skill, the redirected attack would hit the obstacle instead. In other words, friendly fire.</p>

      <p>“GWOOOOAAARRRRGGGHHH?!”</p>

      <p>Orm, Aigokeros, and the Dragon King together managed to cancel out the Ouroboros of Heaven’s attack, while the Wood ouroboros’s breath hit a friendly instead.</p>

      <p>Of course, Orm was not one to let the chance this opened up go. He bared his fangs and chomped into the Ouroboros of Heaven’s neck, eliciting a spray of blood. On the other side, Terra unleashed the strongest attack he could muster, and the attacks from the parent-and-child pair nearly beheaded the Ouroboros of Heaven. The fact that the Ouroboros of Heaven was still alive, even though his head was basically only attached by a piece of skin at this point, was a testament to the strength of his species.</p>

      <p>Even so, it was over. Aigokeros made a finishing attack on the ouroboros, using brute force to tear the head the rest of the way off. The snapping sound of an ouroboros’s bones shattering rang throughout the area, and his head finally came off. Pollux reflexively averted her eyes from the ghastly scene, but the Ouroboros of Heaven’s absurd vitality allowed him to make one last attack from the grave.</p>

      <p>“Not yet! I’m still alive! My fight is not oveeerrrr!”</p>

      <p>Even as just a head, the Ouroboros of Heaven was still able to use his breath attack. Pollux and her party would not be able to cancel this one out. This time, they were just in a bad position.</p>

      <p>Orm and Aigokeros had approached close to the Ouroboros of Heaven to kill him, but he was pointing his mouth at the <em>Argo</em>. From where they were, the Ouroboros of Heaven would unleash his breath before the two of them could return in front of the <em>Argo</em> to make their interception.</p>

      <p>The argonautai on board reacted by putting shields up, but as for how much of an effect that would actually have... Though the shields might soften the blow somewhat, it seemed like the <em>Argo</em> would unfortunately not be able to escape being sunk, and that though the others may not die, Pollux definitely would.</p>

      <p>“DIIIEEEEEEEEE!”</p>

      <p>The Ouroboros of Heaven unleashed his final breath attack. The beam traveled faster than light, erasing half the Dragon King’s body before closing in on the <em>Argo</em> next. But before it hit, the breath was blocked. The shield of the Twelve Heavenly Stars just barely managed to squeak in between the attack, which was then deflected by Karkinos.</p>

      <p>However, not even Karkinos could remain unhurt after taking a breath attack from an ouroboros, not even if he was currently back to level 1000, thanks to Lufas. Nor considering the fact that the Ouroboros of Heaven was on his last legs. Nor even factoring in the shield put up by the argonautai. An ouroboros’s breath could sunder planets; it was not weak.</p>

      <p>Karkinos’s shell liquefied and shattered, and along with that, his HP fell to dangerous levels. However, he had a skill that increased in the threat it posed the more damage he took.</p>

      <p>“Acubens!”</p>

      <p>After cutting through the Ouroboros of Heaven’s breath, Karkinos charged. His scissors were worn, ragged, and cracked. Even still though, he continued on to stab his counter into the Ouroboros of Heaven’s forehead. With that, the fight was over. The Ouroboros of Heaven did not possess the power to bounce back after having his own power reflected onto him on top of being reduced to just a head.</p>

      <p>“I-I...lost...?” he whispered to himself in shock and disbelief after a moment of quiet. “To these tiny things from the surface...?”</p>

      <p>For a while, he seemed absentminded, but eventually, he seemed to have understood everything and laughed.</p>

      <p>“Heh... Heh ha ha... Heh HA HA HA HA HA HA HA! Well done! Well done, small ones! I see. I praise you all. It seems I was the one who was wrong. Of course I’d lose after underestimating a strong enemy like that! But hear this: even with my defeat, the battle still rages. To her, us ouroboroses are nothing but pawns in the end! I will enjoy seeing how you all deal with this insurmountable difference in power from the afterlife!”</p>

      <p>With those last words, the Ouroboros of Heaven accepted death.</p>

      <p>The reason for his defeat was taking everyone other than the Moon ouroboros lightly and underestimating them as weak. <em>I should have welcomed them to the fight. I should have been overjoyed</em>.<em> What a fool I was, to have missed that there were so many formidable enemies around! If I had to list a regret... If I could only have used magic...</em> thought the Ouroboros of Heaven.</p>

      <p>Not being able to use magic because of Aigokeros was basically like losing a weapon to the ouroboroses. However, the Ouroboros of Heaven recognized that this had also been thanks to the efforts of the enemy.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the good fight... Don’t lose now, small ones.”</p>

      <p>As the Ouroboros of Heaven paid his respects to those who had defeated him, Karkinos’s blade ripped him apart.</p>

      <p>“Goodbye, Ouroboros of Heaven.”</p>

      <p>He scattered. The Ouroboros of Heaven, who had been the binding force among the ouroboroses, shattered and disappeared along with a blinding light and a sound loud enough to pierce eardrums.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, so that was the peak of the Sun element... He seemed quite frank in his last moments, right before he died.”</p>

      <p>Lufas watched the Ouroboros of Heaven’s death with her arms folded together as she thought about his personality. <em>Well, he’s at least better than the Fire ouroboros. But he still fought and lost, thanks to his overconfidence and pride, before finally respecting his enemies, leaving behind some last words, and disappearing... I somehow get the feeling that I’ve seen this pattern before. Where was it...?</em></p>

      <p>Lufas spent quite some time in silent contemplation. “Oh, it was me,” she said.</p>

      <p><em>I see. I really am aligned with the Sun element.</em> Lufas felt strangely satisfied with that.</p>

      <h1>18</h1>

      <p>The Fire ouroboros’s tail was ripped off and thrown away, landing between the Earth ouroboros and Aries. There was a spray of blood, and for a moment, both sides had their vision blocked.</p>

      <p>Aries was the one to regain himself first after this unexpected turn of events. He’d believed in his friends’ victory, and that was why he never lost heart. On the other hand, the Earth ouroboros hadn’t expected something like this at all. He never in a million years would have thought that the Ouroboros of Fire, one of his brothers, would take such a wound and have a part of his body sent flying like that. It was exactly because they had been born so strong that there was a blank in their thought processes. Because the Wood ouroboros had thought this was impossible, being confronted with it delivered a shock that was all the greater.</p>

      <p>Flames shot out from Aries’s mouth, burning the Earth ouroboros’s body. The Earth ouroboros shot out some gravity bullets, though he was a little late, and they were dispersed by Virgo’s skill without ever reaching Aries.</p>

      <p>“The Fire ouroboros... Was he really defeated? I can’t feel the Ouroboros of Heaven’s presence either. For something like this to happen...” The Ouroboros of Earth’s voice trembled.</p>

      <p>The truth was hard to believe. In front of the impossible knowledge that they, the supposedly invincible ouroboroses, were being backed into a corner, the Earth ouroboros fell into a state of shock. However, he was involved in this as well. After all, he too had yet to deal with the enemies in front of him.</p>

      <p><em>I have to admit it... These small enemies are strong. But that’s exactly why they must be destroyed. They are dangerous.</em></p>

      <p>“Dangerous... All of you are dangerous. You are all foreign objects that threaten the Goddess’s miniature garden... There is no need to hold back anymore. I will, with my full power, make you disappear, along with the rest of this solar system!”</p>

      <p>The Earth ouroboros shed his remaining naivete and howled before leaping into space. Seeing that, Aquarius quickly predicted what he was trying to do, and her face paled. <em>Oh crap... We can’t let him do as he pleases!</em></p>

      <p>“Crap! Chase after him! We can’t let him do what he’s planning!” Aquarius called out.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“He just said it! If we leave him alone, he’ll seriously destroy the entire solar system! The Earth ouroboros can do that!”</p>

      <p>Aquarius had originally been a tool of the Goddess, so she had general knowledge on all of the ouroboroses, which was also why she understood better than anyone just how much danger they were in. The Earth ouroboros could control gravity. The extreme end of that ability was a black hole.</p>

      <p>The Earth ouroboros was about to create a black hole and drag everyone to the event horizon to die. That was why he needed to be stopped before he could activate his ability. Once it was activated, it would be too late. But he was too far to stop too. If the Earth ouroboros had been near Mizgarz, they still might have been able to interfere, but the ouroboros had taken that into account and moved all the way to the edge of the solar system. He had traveled at an insane speed, but it wasn’t impossible for his gigantic body.</p>

      <p>If, for example, there was a human the size of a galaxy, then any normal movement that person would make would naturally be done at the speed of light because of their body size. The distance from Mizgarz to the edge of the solar system was actually twenty-eight billion kilometers. To a normal human, that was far too large a distance. However, such a distance was very traversable with an ouroboros’s large body, and that wasn’t even considering the fact that ouroboroses could move at a speed unthinkable for their size. Basically, stopping the Earth ouroboros would be all but impossible.</p>

      <p>“B-But we’d have to go to space! Sure, we might be fine for a little bit, but...” Aries answered, showing his slight departure from common sense.</p>

      <p>This caused Virgo to get flustered and panicky. “I won’t be fine! I’ll die!”</p>

      <p>In the end, they were all living creatures. It might have been a little silly to only have that come into play now when they were fighting a battle on such an absurd scale, but that didn’t make it untrue. If Sagittarius were here, he might have been able to do something with his heaven-arts, but he was currently in combat with the Wood ouroboros. They couldn’t count on his help.</p>

      <p>Far off into the reaches of space, the Earth ouroboros was already biting his own tail and spinning. Aquarius sensed this, which was reflected in the distress present in her voice when, after some hesitation, she said, “It’s no good. We won’t make it!”</p>

      <p>It was the unique skill Ouroboros.</p>

      <p>All five ouroboroses had a trump card with the name Ouroboros, and their effects all differed depending on their alignment. The effect of the skill the Earth ouroboros was activating was very simple. It caused the user to become a well of gravity, drawing in and absorbing anything and everything before exiling them into an inescapable singularity. It was an unstoppable extermination skill.</p>

      <p>The well of gravity that could consume the entire solar system first swallowed up Neptune, erasing it. Next was Uranus, and after that, Saturn was sucked in. The planets collapsed inside the gravity well, becoming dust and disappearing.</p>

      <p>The Earth ouroboros did not seem to be joking. He really meant to destroy everything. One after the other, planets were pulled in and disappeared, and many stellar bodies were lost. Not even light could escape from the depths of the event horizon. Lufas may have been able to escape by simply going faster than light, but such a feat would be impossible for anyone else.</p>

      <p>Jupiter disappeared, as did the remains of Mars, and finally, it was Mizgarz’s turn. With this, the distance to the Earth ouroboros, which had been a problem, was now solved. Although, that was probably not much solace in the face of what was happening.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What do we do, Aquarius?! Isn’t there some way out of this?! Like absolute evasion maybe?!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t be silly. As long as the black hole exists, the attack exists as well. Evading only once or twice wouldn’t even extend our lives by a tenth of a second.” Aquarius paused. “But while it is a black hole, it’s also the Earth ouroboros. If we can finish him off before Mizgarz is gone, then we might be able to stop it...”</p>

      <p>Even as she said it, Aquarius had already figured that such a feat would be impossible. <em>It’s impossible...</em> <em>That thing’s HP is still in the millions...</em> <em>There’s no way we’d be able to one-shot it. If we could at least give the Earth ouroboros a heavy enough blow to stop his rotation, then we could interrupt his skill at least, but that would probably be difficult too... He wouldn’t even flinch from being hit with Mesarthim.</em></p>

      <p><em>What to do? What can we do? Should we just accept the shame it would bring and ask Lufas for help? But she’s probably not so free as to be able to do that easily, which was why she asked us to take care of the ouroboroses in the first place. No, wait. At this point, there’s no other way...</em></p>

      <p>Aquarius was desperately spinning the gears in her head, trying to find a solution, when Taurus quietly announced to her, “Aquarius, shoot me.”</p>

      <p>“Wha—?!”</p>

      <p>“I can break that,” said Taurus.</p>

      <p>“W-Wait a second. That’s crazy! Sure, you might be able to break it if everything goes well, but you’ll die too!”</p>

      <p>The Earth ouroboros, now a black hole, was putting out enough gravity to suck in and utterly destroy anything and everything. The black hole was even able to bring in stars from far outside the solar system, which showed how powerful it was. Tens of thousands of times Mizgarz’s gravity? Hundreds of millions of times? Trillions? More than that? There was no doubt that the scale was large enough to only be able to make general estimations, but either way, it would most likely be impossible to be unscathed after getting too close. And trying to get close enough to hit the ouroboros with a fist or an ax? That was basically suicide.</p>

      <p>However, there was no trace of fear on Taurus’s face, just the knowledge that he was the only one capable of solving this.</p>

      <p>“If I die, then that just means I only amounted to so much... Don’t mind me. Let us all do what we can in the moment.”</p>

      <p>Aquarius pondered this before saying, “Don’t come back to haunt me, even if you die.”</p>

      <p>Understanding the strength of Taurus’s resolution, Aquarius retreated back inside her jar. At the same time, Taurus jumped inside the jar as well, while Ganymedes steadied his aim. It was a surreal and silly sight, but the people themselves were deadly serious.</p>

      <p>Along with the sound of an explosion, Taurus was launched out of the mouth of the jar. He busted through the atmosphere and flew into space, which was lacking many more stars and planets than before. Passing by the remains of destroyed planets, Taurus flew in front of the Earth ouroboros.</p>

      <p><em>What I have in my hand was wrought by friendship and resolve. I am here to cut open the path to victory for my friend. Two hundred years ago, I was unable to make good on this oath. But now, things are different. Now is the time to fulfill my promise!</em></p>

      <p>Taurus raised his ax and fearlessly swung it down at the Earth ouroboros. Then, his skill of destruction, Aldebaran, smashed the black hole in one hit, forcefully canceling it.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“It seems Her Majesty had a secret love child.”</p>

      <p>“I heard that his head is that of a bull’s. Isn’t he a half-beastfolk? But Her Majesty denied that, didn’t she? Even though he obviously is one.”</p>

      <p>“But it seems that the king laughed and let it go. What a magnanimous man.”</p>

      <p>“Is he really, though? I heard that he confined his son to the labyrinth. Even if he values his wife, apparently the child is a different matter.”</p>

      <p>“We shouldn’t be talking about this too much. It seems like the king wants to pretend the son doesn’t exist.”</p>

      <p>Ever since birth, he’d been alone.</p>

      <p>Taurus—Astelios—was originally the prince of a kingdom. Of course, he was only recognized as a prince while he was in his mother’s womb. From the moment he popped out until now, he’d never once been recognized as one. He hadn’t even been allowed to introduce himself by name.</p>

      <p>The start of it all was not his mother’s infidelity but his father’s. Minos, Astelios’s father and the king, desired the princess from a neighboring country, and he went to church to pray for her day after day. He continued to persistently come to church even on rainy or cloudy days. He wished, he willed, and his desire was so persistent and annoying that the Goddess was finally fed up with it.</p>

      <p>A man’s passion for the erotic was incredible. The king, enamored by the princess’s beauty and voluptuous chest like a cow’s, was a great example of this. He was so irritating that the Goddess decided to grant his wish, but she gave a condition.</p>

      <p>“When the princess comes to wed you, she will bring a beautiful white bull. If you offer the bull to me, I will listen to your wish this once.”</p>

      <p>The king, overjoyed, agreed. <em>I want the queen. I don’t care about some bull</em>, he thought.</p>

      <p>However, the king broke his promise. The bull the princess brought with her was so magnificent the king thought it would be a waste to let it go, and so he turned his back on his promise with the Goddess. By doing so, he angered the Goddess, who cursed the king’s son with atavism before going to bed in a huff. As a result, Astelios was born. Beastfolk blood that might have snuck in from who knows how long ago had made him half-beastfolk, and the child was made illegitimate and confined.</p>

      <p>Nobody saw value in his life. His parents treated him as if he didn’t exist. The queen was especially guilty of this, as she truly was deeply disturbed at how something like him had come out of her womb when she’d never cheated on her husband. Even though she had breasts the size of a cow’s udders, she didn’t know that she had cow beastfolk ancestors. Though the king fiercely regretted turning his back on his promise with the Goddess, he’d still managed to obtain his primary goal in the queen, so he irresponsibly forgot all about that and played the magnanimous husband who forgave his wife. Of course he was magnanimous; he knew that the fault was his.</p>

      <p>Astelios was alone. Being confined to the labyrinth as he was, he normally should have died and become feed for the monsters that were there. At the very least, that was what the king had expected. However, he was still alive. He’d survived the labyrinth. Using the strength he’d been given by the Goddess’s curse, he killed monsters, ate their flesh, and sipped on their blood. The labyrinth was a prison where he was trapped with many monsters. He did not spoil for things to fight, and after spending day in and day out fighting, he’d become strong. By the time he’d noticed, he had started to rule over the rest of the labyrinth and was feared all over the world.</p>

      <p>“Apparently there’s an absurd monster living in that labyrinth.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks to that cow bastard, no one can get to the treasure in the deepest parts of the labyrinth.”</p>

      <p>“More adventurers were sent packing. Curse that terrible cow bastard.”</p>

      <p>“I wonder why he’s even alive. He should just die.”</p>

      <p>“I wonder why that cow won’t just fall over dead already...”</p>

      <p>He was feared and hated. Nobody needed him, but everyone wanted him gone. Astelios was alone. With nobody by his side, he never had the chance to understand his own heart. The monsters, the people, even his own parents were all his enemies.</p>

      <p><em>I’m sure that I’ll someday be killed by someone as well, thanks to that hatred</em>, he had thought, and he’d accepted it. That was why he even felt a sort of relief when adventurers capable of killing him had appeared in front of him.</p>

      <p>There was a fierce fight, and he lost. Astelios had accepted death, but an adventurer, a girl with black wings, spoke.</p>

      <p>“Hey, why don’t you come with me?”</p>

      <p>It was the first time anyone had stretched their hand out to him, as well as his first experience with someone who didn’t fear him. More than that, he’d never expected the day to come when someone would need him. When he asked about it, he found out that she was also someone who had received no love from her father. Strangely enough, he had felt a kinship with her as a comrade not blessed with a good father. It might have just been hard for her to ignore someone who was in the same circumstances as herself. Maybe she simply took action because she saw herself in him. Even if any of that was true, he was just happy that someone needed him.</p>

      <p>What went through Astelios’s mind was thus: <em>Lufas, you are the only one to pick up this life, which was even thrown away by my parents. You were the only one who needed me, so my life is yours. If I never met you, I would have just died somewhere in the labyrinth anyway... But now, I’m able to participate in this battle with the world on the line for my friend. I have no regrets. I will open the way, so I leave the rest to you. </em></p>

      <p><em>My friend... I believe in your victory.</em></p>

      <p>With that last thought, Astelios’s consciousness faded to black.</p>

      <h1>19</h1>

      <p>“Hey, Libra, I was wrong. I was distracted by the obvious emotions right in front of me, like jealousy and fear, and because of that, I lost sight of my own feelings.”</p>

      <p>This conversation happened a long time ago. It was the last conversation Libra had with her creator, and a memory that would never be erased.</p>

      <p>After losing to the Devil King, Mizar’s condition declined day after day until he was on his deathbed, which was when he spoke to Libra.</p>

      <p>“You know, I’m sure that I actually knew I was making a mistake. Under all those feelings of duty or fear that were put in me, I know my true feelings were still there somewhere. My own heart rang so many alarm bells in the form of doubt, but I still lost sight of myself. I’m right, and Lufas is wrong... I was possessed by that conviction and betrayed my friend.”</p>

      <p>Mizar’s arms no longer held even a shadow of their former thickness and were now wilted and stick-thin. Also, his arms from the elbow forward were prosthetic. His once-stocky frame was now almost skeletal. There was no vigor in his expression, and his hair had turned a ghostly white. While looking down at him, Libra simply and unemotionally observed the end of her parent.</p>

      <p>“Libra, don’t become like me. Having a duty is fine, as is having a reason for living... But if you ever start to doubt yourself, take time to really listen to your own heart. Think about it one extra time... What is really right, what path you really want to take... I myself was unable to do that...”</p>

      <p>“Sir Mizar, I do not have any heart to listen to.”</p>

      <p>“No, you do... You surely do. After all, you came to nurse me on my deathbed, even without being ordered to do so. No other golem would do that.”</p>

      <p>Libra had no words with which to respond.</p>

      <p>Mizar raised his shaking hand, using it to grasp Libra’s. The hands that had once birthed so many works of art were no longer there. What existed instead were cold, artificial hands the same as Libra’s. Without meaning to, Libra held Mizar’s hand strongly.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine, Libra... You are able to choose. Even without something like orders, you can choose a path with your own will... You have a heart, something which no alchemist in Mizgarz...not even Lufas...has been able to make... After all, you are...my...Mizar’s...daughter...”</p>

      <p>The scales wavered.</p>

      <p>Leaning right would be correct, while leaning left would be incorrect. Even so, the scales wavered. All because, at some point, the things weighing down each side had become of equal weight.</p>

      <p>The scales wavered.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>The battle to decide the fate of the world reached its climax, and now the centerpieces of the conflict—Lufas and the master of the ouroboroses—faced off against each other. Dina and Libra stood in Lufas’s way. Both of them had followed her on her journey until just a little while ago, but now, things were different. Dina was being controlled by the Goddess, and Libra had uncovered the purpose of her existence.</p>

      <p>“So you’ve come,” Lufas said coolly, as she looked at the two of them.</p>

      <p><em>Everything’s going as expected. I knew from the beginning that I would eventually be facing these two as enemies, so I’m not surprised; I’m resolved. Libra was originally hers, and if I were to dispute her claim over Libra, the Goddess would have the advantage, so whatever. I won’t do anything so boorish as to ask for Libra back. I just have to take her back by force. It doesn’t matter if I’m fighting the Goddess’s avatar or a puppet or whatever. They’re mine, so I’m coming to get them. I won’t take no for an answer.</em></p>

      <p>Determination strong enough to be violence in itself—that was the place where Lufas was at right now.</p>

      <p>“Yes, we have. I’ve gotten bored of just letting you do as you please, so let’s end this.” It was Dina’s form and Dina’s voice, but it was the Goddess who coldly regarded Lufas as she spoke.</p>

      <p>Lufas only scoffed back. “You talk like you could have done something about me at any time. We’ve gotten to this point because you couldn’t, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I could have. If I felt like it, I could have erased you at any time. I just held back a little too much.”</p>

      <p>The expressions of both sides were the picture of calm and relaxed. Neither of them held any doubts about their inevitable victory. They didn’t consider defeat for even a speck of a moment.</p>

      <p>Lufas moved her fingers a little, cracking her joints, while the Goddess/Dina clenched her fist and gathered mana. It didn’t matter to her that Aigokeros had sucked up all the mana in the area. Now that Dina was connected with the Goddess, the mana she used came from another space entirely. It was directly shared with her by the Goddess, so she had access to an essentially infinite amount of power.</p>

      <p>Libra stepped forward in front of the Goddess/Dina, and Scorpius mirrored her with Lufas.</p>

      <p>“Wait just a second there. Did you seriously think a traitor like you could just walk up and fight my lady? I’m good enough for you.”</p>

      <p>“Scorpius... I have already grasped all your abilities, movement habits, and weaknesses. You stand no chance. This warning is made with full knowledge that you are now level 1000.”</p>

      <p>“Hah! That’s some talk. Then come try me!”</p>

      <p>Libra changed one of her arms into a blade and combined with a support golem that looked suspiciously like Astraia, though it wasn’t the original Astraia. The original had been made by Lufas, so in a pinch, it would listen to Lufas and not Libra. That was why there was no way Libra would use Astraia here. What she was using now was most likely something the Goddess had given her.</p>

      <p>Unlike the original Astraia, this version’s wings were black, and the weapons that fit over Libra’s shoulders were lasers that fired concentrated mana in a stream. Likewise, the waist weapons were cannons that fired mana as bullets. The design had not a speck of originality to it overall, and it could easily be called a carbon copy of Astraia. Still, it could also be safely assumed that it outstripped the original in terms of ability.</p>

      <p>Scorpius also equipped the weapon given to her by Lufas, and the two glared at each other hatefully.</p>

      <p>“Hhssssssss!”</p>

      <p>Scorpius, not willing to wait for some sort of signal to start, went on the attack. As the flexible weapon patterned after a scorpion’s pincers was thrown at her, Libra took to the sky. Then, she shot two bullets of compressed magic out of her waist cannons, gouging out the earth.</p>

      <p>The Goddess/Dina casually flicked away the resultant cloud of dust with a shield while Lufas simply stood with her arms crossed, unmoved.</p>

      <p>“Looks like we’ve started. How about we just watch the opening fight for now?”</p>

      <p>“Not a bad idea.”</p>

      <p>“By the way, there is something I’d like to ask...” The Goddess/Dina paused. “How do you feel? I want to know what it’s like to have a trusted retainer betray you.”</p>

      <p>After a moment, Lufas replied. “Allow me to answer that later.”</p>

      <p>As the Goddess/Dina and Lufas talked, the battle between their followers raged on. Scorpius jumped out from the smoke and dust, freely controlling her hair to send it flying at Libra. She, however, deflected it with her blade arm before immediately firing at Scorpius with her right arm, shoulder, and waist armaments, a full volley with nothing held back. The five unleashed beams of light surged forward, but Scorpius moved out of the way as if she’d been pulled bodily. Her weapon was stabbed into the ground, and she’d escaped by retracting it.</p>

      <p>As soon as she landed, she once again leapt up to come up on Libra’s back. Scorpius spewed a poisonous breath from her mouth, but it would do nothing to Libra, who was a golem.</p>

      <p>Pushing her way through the poison mist, Libra closed in on Scorpius, and blade and hidden weapon clashed in a shower of sparks. As they parted, both combatants disappeared, but Lufas and the Goddess/Dina followed them with their eyes. Two shadows moved at high speeds, and the ground exploded over and over, as if struck by lightning. The two shadows simultaneously moved upwards, creating shock waves in the air before the sounds of their clashing resounded throughout the area.</p>

      <p>Libra charged in at maximum speed, and Scorpius faced her head-on as they clashed. Fierce winds raged with the two of them at the center as large chunks of earth were gouged out. The two of them continued to clash, neither side willing to give an inch. As they committed to this contest of strength, their eyes met.</p>

      <p>“Libra...” Scorpius said. “I never liked you, but I at least respected the strength of your loyalty to Lufas. So, it’s really disappointing to see you fall to being a puppet of that third-rate Goddess.”</p>

      <p>“Third-rate?!” the Goddess/Dina yelled.</p>

      <p>“Scorpius... It may be true that Alovenus easily does things only a third-rate Goddess would do. I will not refute that.”</p>

      <p>“Please refute it. Come on!” begged the Goddess/Dina.</p>

      <p>“But I have always been her tool...” Libra continued. “I did not fall or do anything of the sort. I have always been here on the lowest floor. That’s all.”</p>

      <p>“The lowest floor?! Is serving me really that bad?!”</p>

      <p>The two weapons clashed and recoiled, but both parties quickly regrouped and moved on to the next attack. Twice. Three times. Four... Each strike had all the wielder’s power behind it, and the slow rate that they were being thrown out at proved how dangerous each attack was. Every time they clashed, storms were whipped up and pieces of earth went flying. If there had still been any settlements nearby, the shock waves resulting from their clashes alone would have flattened them.</p>

      <p>“Heh. So what’re you trying to say? That you being all over Miss Lufas like that was just acting?”</p>

      <p>“It was not acting. At the very least, I had recognized Miss Lufas as my master at that time.”</p>

      <p>“Hah. What an expression to make as you say that all composed.”</p>

      <p>“If you’re expecting me to have a change of heart, I will warn you now that it is a waste of time. I have no such thing as feelings.”</p>

      <p>Both weapons clashed and slid over each other, and blood started to drip from Scorpius’s cheek. Because they’d traveled and fought together, Libra had had ample opportunity to understand how Scorpius fought. Even if Scorpius had an advantageous attribute matchup, it would be hard to win against Libra, who had ample data to use for their fight.</p>

      <p>Libra escaped higher into the sky and disappeared. Right afterwards, guided munitions rained down from the sky. The rounds impacted the ground one after the other, resulting in a continuous chain of explosions, which chased after Scorpius. Amongst that storm of explosions, Lufas easily swatted away any stray rounds that came her way, while the Goddess/Dina blocked stray rounds with a shield without missing a beat.</p>

      <p>“I never liked that pretentious side of you!”</p>

      <p>Scorpius swung her weapon, making it mow through the sky. She’d succeeded in intercepting all the munitions raining down on her, forcing them to explode in midair. Then, she leapt. In one mighty show of athleticism, Scorpius went above Libra, unleashing a kick at her. However, Libra managed to use her arm to block, so it did no damage. Still, the kick had been strong enough to knock her back down to the ground, though Libra managed to prevent fall damage by reactivating her ability to hover.</p>

      <p>Scorpius dodged and parried the mana lasers and magic bullets that Libra sprayed at her before swinging her weapon around. However, Libra dodged every attack Scorpius made by flying through the air, and she managed to stomp on Scorpius’s head, forcing her to the ground.</p>

      <p>“I see. I never thought of you very fondly either,” Libra said coldly.</p>

      <p>But then, she suddenly felt a sense that something was out of place. <em>Fondly...? What does “fondly” mean? There is nothing like that within me. Uncertain things, such as like and dislike, do not move me. What governs my decisions is my reason for existing. That was how I was made, so that is how I am. My will has nothing to do with it, not that I have any such will in the first place.</em></p>

      <p><em>But... Right. I don’t think I ever had that good an impression of Scorpius. She was always stuck to Lufas like glue, and she monopolized the spot next to Lufas like it was rightfully hers. She tried to sneak into Lufas’s bed at night countless times, only to be stopped by me, but she never learned her lesson. Every night, she would try again. Someone like her, I...</em></p>

      <p>Libra considered her next words. <em>I, what? Was I seriously just about to admit that I “hated” her? Impossible. No such emotion was built into me. Is there some sort of bug in my thought processes...? No, I am operating normally. There is nothing wrong there. Did Miss Lufas do something? No, there is no trace of that.</em></p>

      <p>“What are you doing, Libra?! Finish it!”</p>

      <p>After a moment, Libra said, “Roger that, Lady Alovenus.”</p>

      <p>Responding to Alovenus’s orders, Libra switched weapons.</p>

      <p><em>Scorpius’s HP is still over 100,000, thanks to being level 1000 again... Brachium will not be enough to end her. However, if I use Brachium here, I will instantly gain the advantage, and finishing her off should not be a difficult matter. Brachium should be optimal here. I can weaken her with it and then finish her off at my leisure.</em></p>

      <p>However, the moment Libra tried to activate her skill, she recalled events from two hundred years ago for some reason, as well as her journey from when she reunited with Lufas until now.</p>

      <p>Libra hesitated. “Full Burst!”</p>

      <p>Libra fired all of her cannons and lasers at the ground in a volley. <em>No, this isn’t it. This is not the optimal choice!</em></p>

      <p>The storm of cannon fire carved out the earth. As expected, Scorpius dodged, and then her weapon came flying at Libra. She evaded that as well and backed off, creating some more distance. Doing so, however, earned some comments from Lufas.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Libra? Why not use Brachium? If it were me, I would use Brachium now to decide the fight.”</p>

      <p>This gave Libra pause, and it was a moment before she replied, “You won’t stop me? If I were to use it, I would be almost guaranteed to defeat Scorpius, which would mean her death.”</p>

      <p>Lufas replied to Libra’s question with another question. “You want me to stop you?”</p>

      <p><em>What an absurd thing to say</em>, Libra thought.<em> There is no way I would want her to stop me from finishing off an enemy</em>.<em> But, I wonder why...? I can’t say no</em>...<em> I am losing sight of myself. Am I broken?</em></p>

      <p>“Libra... Do you know why I have let you go about your business all this time?” asked Lufas.</p>

      <p>Libra considered the question. “Because you never noticed... Though that seems like hopeful thinking now.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I noticed long ago. Two hundred years ago, in fact. That was why I never told you the plan when I told Dina. I couldn’t entrust you with the sealing of the ouroboroses.”</p>

      <p>“Then why?”</p>

      <p>“I wanted you to learn.” Lufas smiled and continued on. “Libra, you are the best golem, but there was still something you were missing.”</p>

      <p>“Missing...?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. A heart. You were Mizar’s masterpiece, but even with his prodigious skills, he couldn’t give you a heart.”</p>

      <p>A heart—something that did not exist for golems. Depending on how a golem was made, it could possess high intelligence. It could achieve the ability to think at high speeds as well. However, such abilities were not a heart, nor were they emotions. Their decisions would always be swayed by whether something was right or wrong, whether it benefitted their master or not, or whether it followed the orders they had been given or not. That was all. There was no room in such decision-making for anything so indefinite as like and dislike or personal taste.</p>

      <p>“Libra, your current master is the Goddess. If you desire to continue on with your raison d’être as a golem, then you would be correct in continuing to obey the Goddess. But I am going to ask the budding heart within you: I say this to you, Libra, not some puppet.” Lufas paused. “Come back, will you? Your place is here, Libra. I need you.”</p>

      <p>“What a foolish thing to say.”</p>

      <p>Libra pointed all her weapons at Lufas.</p>

      <p><em>I should just fire</em>—<em>fire and show that we are well and truly on different sides. Simple. But why am I hesitating to do such a simple thing? Wouldn’t a golem not hesitate to shoot? No, if that was the case, that would mean this has all been strange from the start.</em></p>

      <p><em>Couldn’t I have finished off Taurus if I had actually wanted to? I was interrupted by Pollux and Castor, but even then, I should have been able to deal the finishing blow at least, given my stats. Haven’t there been many occasions where I could have pulled off an assassination? Aries had turned his back to me many times. Just how many times could I have killed him? How many times has Virgo been in front of me unguarded? I even had several chances to be alone with someone else without Lufas present. So why did I do nothing? </em>Libra considered these questions. <em>I can’t use my lacking that memory as an excuse. Golems always obey their master, so even without that memory, my actions should always have followed my orders.</em></p>

      <p>Libra’s thoughts stalled as one question came to mind. <em>Why have I been pretending to not notice my order to collapse the enemy’s power from the inside?</em></p>

      <p>Libra thought of Aries’s smile as he clearly showed his unguarded self to her because he trusted her. She thought of her days spent journeying after reuniting with Lufas at the grave. She thought of the voices of her comrades and Mizar’s regret. All of that combined to give birth to something unknown within Libra.</p>

      <p>“Libra... Do you realize what kind of face you’re making right now?”</p>

      <p>There was a beat of silence before Libra said, “Of course I do. I am sneering at you... Can’t you tell?”</p>

      <p>Libra was always expressionless when she was with Lufas and the others. Considering this, a sneer could be considered a great improvement on the amount of emotion she showed.</p>

      <p>But Scorpius made fun of that with a spitting tone. “Yes, you’re right. I’m sure that your expression was something taught to you by the Goddess... But I wonder... That sneer looks even more like a mask to me than how you normally are. It seriously looks as if you’ve put on a mask with how solidly your expression is locked in place. You look incredibly bored.”</p>

      <p>Scorpius approached Libra as she had her guard down and grabbed her by the collar. Then, she slammed their foreheads together and made sure their eyes met.</p>

      <p>“Come back! I hate you, but the current you is so boring it’s not even worth fighting you!”</p>

      <p>The Libra Scorpius knew was always expressionless. She was expressionlessly pretentious about insisting that she had no emotions, but for all that, she always occupied a spot right next to Lufas as if to say that it was her special place. She was more insistent about her position than anyone else. Scorpius was envious of her, and not even Scorpius herself knew how many times that envy grew.</p>

      <p>After Scorpius said all that, Libra erased her sneer and looked straight at the woman with an expression like ice. “What selfishness,” Libra said emotionlessly, before slamming the back of her fist into Scorpius’s face to force her away.</p>

      <p>With that attack, Scorpius’s HP finally fell below 100,000, and she was now within range to be one-shotted. There was no longer any reason to not use Brachium. <em>If I shoot, I will definitely put an end to this. There is no other choice but to shoot.</em></p>

      <p>Libra locked onto Scorpius and closed her eyes.</p>

      <p>The scales wavered.</p>

      <p>Tilting right—towards the Goddess—would be correct. Tilting left—towards Lufas—would be a mistake. Even so, the scales swayed. At some point, the things weighing down each side had become the same weight. They tilted back and forth, back and forth, back and forth...</p>

      <p>Eventually, the scales stopped wavering.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>The coordination between the Seven Heroes was still perfect, despite having only just been reunited after two hundred years. There was no hesitation to their movements; they fought as if they’d never broken apart. Benetnasch cut through the front as a vanguard to sow confusion amongst the enemy, after which Dubhe and Alioth followed like a surging wave of offense. In between each beat the front line took, Megrez and Phecda launched supporting fire in both physical and magic flavors while Merak swiftly dealt with enemy attacks. Meanwhile, Mizar looked at the battle as a whole to freely choose between attack and defense.</p>

      <p>In the past, they had challenged the Ouroboros of the Moon without Benetnasch and lost. But was that a true loss due to the difference in ability or the result of something else? None of them could confidently say that they hadn’t lost because they wished to lose, because of their self-torturing thoughts and impulses born from the guilt they felt over betraying their friend. There was no way they could fight with their full concentration hounded by thoughts like that. No matter how seriously they intended to fight, there was no way they could give it their all while a part of them wished for their own defeat as punishment.</p>

      <p>But now, things were different. Now they were fighting for their friends. They had come back to the battlefield one more time in order to atone for their past sins, so their morale was at its peak. <em>Let us now show the ouroboroses the true power of the Seven Heroes.</em></p>

      <p>“By the way, Mizar, wasn’t there a golem you made in the Twelve Heavenly Stars?” Phecda asked, as the pair provided support from the rear. “Like, isn’t that terrible? We were pretty messed up by the Goddess back then, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it’s not good. I left the Scales’s original purpose within the golem. Her master is still the Goddess,” said Mizar.</p>

      <p>“Seriously?!”</p>

      <p>It turned out Phecda’s misgivings were correct. The situation wasn’t in the realm of just “not good.” Libra’s betrayal was already a done deal. For some reason, however, Mizar didn’t seem worried. He felt absolutely no fear that something he made would attack his friend.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it. On my deathbed, I saw something within Libra. Even though nobody ordered her, she came to nurse me... No simple golem would do that.” Mizar was convinced of what he said, and he spoke with heartfelt pride.</p>

      <p>If a golem were to choose something of its own will regardless of its purpose, then it was no longer a tool. It would then be a living being, only with a body made of metal rather than flesh. If that were to be accomplished, then at that moment, Mizar would be cemented as the best golem crafter in Mizgarz. Mizar was waiting hopefully for Libra’s true “completion.” Rather, he believed in it.</p>

      <p>“It’ll be fine. She’ll be able to choose... After all, she’s my daughter!”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>With her eyes still closed, Libra turned to apologize to her master.</p>

      <p>“I am sorry, Lady Alovenus.”</p>

      <p><em>As I thought, I am broken. I understand that now. After all, look how far my scales lean to the left. They should go to the right, but my scales have already stopped moving.</em></p>

      <p>“It seems like I am a failure, a defective product.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p><em>When I recalled my true master, I once tried to call her that, but for some reason, I quickly corrected myself. Ever since then, I have always called her Lady Alovenus. Even though I was so easily calling Lufas my master, I couldn’t with Alovenus. Why was that? Something inside me vehemently refused to say the words.</em></p>

      <p>“I do not know why, but I refuse to call you my master.”</p>

      <p>Libra purged the Astraia unit given to her by the Goddess, ridding herself of the connection before pointing her weapons at the Goddess/Dina, and as a sign of defiance, she opened fire on her original master. The Goddess/Dina was enveloped in an explosion with a shocked and dazed expression still on her face as Libra closed her eyes again. Then, she once again erased her memory of the Goddess being her master, this time by her own will, and this time, it would never return.</p>

      <p>The scales had tilted in the wrong direction, and they would never waver again. The broken scales would no longer move; they had been tilted by the Scales’s own will and now were broken, due to the existence of her heart.</p>

      <p>No, they were not broken. Libra had surely just been incomplete until now. No matter how complete it looked to others, the product was not complete as long as the maker did not consider it so. That was why Libra was now, finally, complete. Libra, the Scales of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars had not been a finished golem, but now she was.</p>

      <p>Seeing that, Lufas smiled, seemingly satisfied, before speaking to the Goddess, who was still unable to process what had happened. “I believe I have yet to answer your previous question, O Goddess. By the way, there is something I’d like to ask you before I answer. How do you feel right now?”</p>

      <p>The Goddess never answered, but her wholeheartedly frustrated look told Lufas everything.</p>

      <h1>20</h1>

      <p>Having achieved complete independence from the Goddess, Libra turned to look at Lufas sheepishly. “Miss Lufas, I...”</p>

      <p>In response, Lufas simply patted Libra’s shoulder. “Welcome back.”</p>

      <p>After a pause, Libra responded, “Right.”</p>

      <p><em>This much is fine for now. After all, we’re in the middle of battle, and Mizgarz is going to disappear soon. We can take our time to chat after everything is over. Right now is the time to fight. I’m sure that got through to Libra.</em></p>

      <p>Libra looked up and shot down the black Astraia made by the Goddess. Then, she called the original Astraia and docked with it.</p>

      <p>“Libra, I am no longer your master, so I will be asking you something, and you may decide with your own will. Please, help Aries and the others. They seem to be having trouble,”</p>

      <p>“You do not need to ask. Please, just give me an order. You are my master, Miss Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“I see... Then I order you... Libra, the one who holds the Scales seat of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, go defeat my enemies.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, my master!”</p>

      <p>Libra accepted her orders and took to the sky. Lufas no longer had the right to give Libra orders; that lay with the Goddess. However, that no longer mattered right now. <em>Just as a person chooses their tool, the tool can choose its owner. So my master is Lufas. There can be no one else</em>, Libra decided.</p>

      <p><em>I know. I am defective</em>, she thought.<em> I am aware that I am a failed product. But somehow my thoughts are clearer than ever, and I feel so mysteriously light. </em>It would be clear to anyone else that they had been cleared of all doubts, but such things were a first for Libra. So, she had no words to describe how she was feeling.</p>

      <p>“Libra, take them too!”</p>

      <p>As Lufas spoke, three golems flew out of Blutgang, which was fighting the Fire ouroboros. It was Tanaka, Suzuki, and the Gatekeeper. The three golems changed forms in midair, separating into parts and reforming into a completely different shape. By the time Libra descended, they had already become something hard to describe. Just going by the silhouette, it would be two plates on top of a pedestal—exactly like a set of scales. The plates of the scales were facing backwards and turned into vernier thrusters, and two cannon barrels poked out of the front. There was a red-and-blue gem embedded on either side, but neither were lit up at the moment. It was far from a refined form. In fact, the look of it could be described as boorish, due to the incessant pursuit of function. Put in other words, it was a powder keg in the shape of a set of scales.</p>

      <p>It shot itself into Libra’s back and docked with her. There were open joints in the barrels because they were meant to fit Libra’s arms inside, so Libra did not hesitate to do so. <em>Can I...call that a combination?</em> Lufas wondered.<em> </em>There was too big a size difference between the two, and at this point, it was more like Libra had been implanted in between the scales’ cannons rather than combined with them. Or maybe it could be better described as Libra wearing a powder keg on her back. Either way, it was a form lacking any resemblance of grace.</p>

      <p>After seeing it, Scorpius even muttered out loud, “Wow, so lame...” reinforcing that it couldn’t be called cool, even in the most lenient of cases.</p>

      <p>However, Lufas nodded for some reason, satisfied. <em>No matter where or when, there is always a sense of romance when it comes to bare-bones gigantic weaponry.</em></p>

      <p>“All righty then... Let’s get going, Libra!”</p>

      <p>Scorpius leapt up and got on top of the now fully equipped Libra. Once she was on top, Libra activated the vernier thrusters and took off. Her speed was incomparable to before. With almost lethal acceleration, Libra traveled straight out of the atmosphere into space.</p>

      <p>“How dare you stop me...”</p>

      <p>In space, the Earth ouroboros was just about to unleash his breath attack, dealing the finishing blow to Taurus. But, having noticed that, Libra readied all her weapons and fired them in a single concentrated volley. Multiple flashes of light and guided munitions crashed and burst against the side of the Earth ouroboros’s face, creating a chain of explosions. At the same time, Scorpius jumped off of Libra and retrieved Taurus. She extended her weapon towards Aries, who was on the ground, and used the force from it retracting again to return to the planet. Libra continued on, circling the Earth ouroboros at high speeds as she bombarded him, trying to confuse the ouroboros with her rotation.</p>

      <p>“Insolence!”</p>

      <p>The Earth ouroboros unleashed his breath in an attempt to bring Libra down instantly. However, Libra dodged the destructive beam of light, which could only travel straight, and she continued on as if taking a lap around the ouroboros’s surroundings as she closed in enough to be able to jab her barrel at the Earth ouroboros’s snout. Then, she fired.</p>

      <p>“FULL BURST!”</p>

      <p>The Earth ouroboros’s face came under a concentrated burst of fire, clouding his vision. On top of that, Libra activated her left scale. When she raised her left arm up, the left barrel her arm was fitted in was raised as well, and a gigantic blade of light erupted from the opening in the barrel. It clearly exhibited more than double the power Libra’s blade normally held already, but it didn’t stop there. The blue gem attached to the left side of the powder keg on her back glowed.</p>

      <p>“Weapon support activated. Zuben Es Chamali: Output at five hundred percent,” the Gatekeeper’s voice said.</p>

      <p>The blade of light coming out of the left barrel grew even larger. The blade, which had grown to a size that looked completely unfitting to Libra’s stature and seemed able to cut even the moon in twain, was swung downwards, cutting through the countless debris floating around in space before making contact with the Earth ouroboros’s face.</p>

      <p>Sparks flew, and the ouroboros’s unmatched scales were burnt away as the blade scored a deep wound. Following up on that, Libra stuck out her right arm, to which the cannon attached to it followed suit. Light concentrated in the barrel opening, and this time, the red gem on the right side of the powder keg on her back lit up.</p>

      <p>“Weapon support activated. Zuben El Genubi: Output at five hundred percent.”</p>

      <p>The sound of it charging its energy was almost like electronic static, and the charge status display mounted on the side of the barrel instantly filled up to full.</p>

      <p>What was being used to attack wasn’t Libra’s energy. A small amount of the mana used to make up this universe was being taken in and repurposed in order to allow for an attack that surpassed Libra’s limits. A brilliant shine, strong enough to rob someone’s field of view—enough to turn any normal person blind—flashed as an overwhelming torrent of energy stronger than an ouroboros’s breath was unleashed from the barrel to impact the Earth ouroboros.</p>

      <p>As Libra fired, she was forced to fire her vernier thrusters at full blast so as not to be flung away by the recoil of her weapon, and she was barely able to stay where she was. The barrel, which had been instantly heated up to its limits by the attack, started smoking as it cooled down again. However, Libra did not take the time to bask in the effects of her attack as she suddenly took a steep dive.</p>

      <p>The destructive flash of energy pushed the ouroboros back to Mizgarz. That and the dragon fell down like meteors, and because of the friction of reentry, the Earth ouroboros was engulfed in fire. Libra passed by next to the Earth ouroboros while engulfed in fire herself because of the friction, landing next to Aries.</p>

      <p>“Libra!” Aries yelled, surprised.</p>

      <p>“You...” said Aquarius, suspicious of the sudden interference of Libra, who’d betrayed them—or rather, who had always been on the side of the Goddess.</p>

      <p>In response, Libra refused to lock eyes with either of them, instead preferring to speak as normal after a moment of hesitation. “I will not make any excuses. If you cannot trust me, then you are welcome to attack me from behind at any time. That is all I can say at the moment.”</p>

      <p>Libra was not thinking that they would never actually attack her. In fact, she considered it far more likely that someone like Leon would just go, “Then die,” and proceed to attack, but she was prepared to welcome that and not dodge out of the way. <em>I won’t tell them to trust me. It would make more sense not to.</em></p>

      <p>However, after hearing Libra say that, Aries replied happily, “Welcome back...Libra.”</p>

      <p>Libra was silent for a long while. “It’s good to be back, is what I would say, but I do not have the right. If I am able to earn everyone’s forgiveness after this fight, I will say it once again,” said Libra before she charged at the Earth ouroboros.</p>

      <p>At that moment, Aries and the others saw something amazing. The corners of Libra’s mouth were tilted up into a smile.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Did she...just smile? Am I seeing things? Did that golem really smile?”</p>

      <p>“No, Aquarius. I saw that too,” said Aries.</p>

      <p>They had been together for over two hundred years, but no one had ever seen Libra smile. Of course they hadn’t. She was supposed to have no emotions, and no emotions meant no facial expressions. That was why she never smiled, laughed, got mad, or grieved. This was the difference between Aquarius and Libra, though they were in the same category as objects. Aquarius had always had emotions, and she expressed those through her manifestation. However, Libra did not have those, and she was always positioned a little behind Lufas with her expressionless face. That was the image of her that was stuck in everyone’s memory. Just the fact that she had shown a peek of a small smile was a large enough event to send the Twelve Stars reeling in disbelief.</p>

      <p>“She’s changed, you know. In the end, we buried the hatchet...” said Scorpius. “But that’s exactly why I can’t stand her.”</p>

      <p>Scorpius spoke cynically, but the corners of her mouth were also loose. Then, she jumped down from her position above Aries, was enveloped in light, and was replaced by a gigantic scorpion the next moment.</p>

      <p>“Now then, we’re heading out! Let’s hurry up and string up that giant thing by its innards so we can go back to Miss Lufas!” Scorpius shouted before spewing her poison breath at the Earth ouroboros.</p>

      <p>Of course, it would have no effect. The Earth ouroboros’s superior immune system made it so any poison would instantly be decomposed and neutralized. However, Scorpius was not called the Queen of Poison for nothing. If no current poison would work on him, then she just had to make a new one now. She could just mix around all the poisonous substances housed in her body to concoct something that would even work on an ouroboros.</p>

      <p>The newly synthesized poison broke through the ouroboros’s stubborn resistances, but it only managed to take effect for a moment. The Earth ouroboros wasn’t even poisoned for a full second, but in a fight of this level, that was enough. Having been sprayed in the eyes by Scorpius’s deadly poison, the Earth ouroboros was blinded. He immediately regenerated and regained that eyesight, of course, but that split second where he was unable to see was a perfect opportunity.</p>

      <p>Guns sprouted from every spare centimeter of free space on the powder keg that Libra was wearing, and they all took to the sky. If she were to be compared to anything, she would be made up of guns that were only a barrel. The guns weren’t made to be operated by human hands at all, as there was no grip and no trigger. All of the weapons were independently functioning gun-shaped golems, and they were capable of being operated remotely by Libra, who served as their brain. By firing in all 360 degrees at once, a net of inescapable gunfire was made, and the guns were able to dodge the ouroboros’s counterattacks by moving on their own. This was the endpoint of alchemy, the ultimate independent, fully functioning weapon.</p>

      <p>Wait, was this supposed to be a fantasy?</p>

      <p>“Let’s go! Absolute Zero!”</p>

      <p>“Mesarthim!”</p>

      <p>“Go to hell, you piece of shiiiiiit!”</p>

      <p>Aquarius, Aries, and Leon’s simultaneous attacks merged before hitting the Earth ouroboros. The ouroboros’s scales were torn off and flung aside as he let out a scream of humiliation and anguish.</p>

      <p>“YOOUUU RUUNNNTSSS! GET CRUSHED LIKE THE FLEAS YOU ARE!”</p>

      <p>The Earth ouroboros attempted to throw out a wave of gravity in all directions centered on himself. However, nothing happened. The ouroboros could no longer use magic that needed him to move the mana in the area. As long as Aigokeros was gigantified, that option would be sealed. The Earth ouroboros knew that, but he seemed to be very much cornered, so he’d most likely failed to recall that knowledge. This showed in the clear impatience growing on his face.</p>

      <p>“Then take this!”</p>

      <p>The Earth ouroboros changed to shooting out bullets of gravity, which didn’t need surrounding mana and could be formed within his body. However, Aries and the others were not so weak as to be hit by attacks thrown out in desperation. All of them swiftly evaded, and Aries, Leon, Scorpius, and Libra attacked simultaneously, aiming for the small opening such an attack left. The ouroboros’s repulsive barrier was still somehow working, but they were able to force damage through that anyway.</p>

      <p><em>Oh no... M-My gravity bullets aren’t working. The bullets won’t do anything to them. I should get close and fight in melee... Wait, I would need to dispel my barrier for that... Not happening. Th-Then, since it’s come to this...!</em></p>

      <p>Having lost all of his attack options, the Earth ouroboros prepared his last resort. He once again left Mizgarz and flew some distance away. Once again, he transformed into a black hole, but this time, he was planning to absorb and destroy everything. However, things were different now. The Earth ouroboros had forgotten Libra’s presence.</p>

      <p>Libra flew off, chasing after the ouroboros, and she managed to pass through the Earth ouroboros’s sight just as he was about to bite his own tail. A moment later, the tail the Earth ouroboros was about to bite detached as if on a delay and floated off into space. The ouroboros had dispelled his repulsive barrier in order to bite onto his own tail, and Libra had aimed for that opening.</p>

      <p>The ouroboros’s reasoning for getting so far away from Migarz to activate his skill before was a complete mystery. It would seem that it was to prevent it from being interrupted like it just had been, but then, he just tried to activate his skill while being relatively nearby to Mizgarz. That was exactly why he had gotten hit and interrupted.</p>

      <p>Ouroboroses were perfect beings, so there was no single existence capable of defeating them. They’d never once had a hard fight. That was the exact reason for their current brittleness. The ouroboroses were not used to adversity. Things would be different if the Earth ouroboros wished for such adversity, as the Ouroboros of Heaven had, but he didn’t.</p>

      <p>“O— O...O-OOOAAARRRGGGHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>After raising a cry where not even he could tell whether it was out of fear or rage, the Earth ouroboros opened his huge mouth and closed in on Libra. Unafraid, Libra entered into the ouroboros’s mouth. After infiltrating the ouroboros’s body, she released all her guns from the golem on her back. Lock-on markers popped up all over Libra’s vision, indicating target locks on all of the Earth ouroboros’s organs, before words popped up signifying that multi-lock-on had been achieved.</p>

      <p>“Release all weapons!” Libra shouted. “Multi-Lock-On!”</p>

      <p>“Lock-on complete!” said the Gatekeeper.</p>

      <p>“Fire!”</p>

      <p>Being too large could also be a disadvantage. Because the Earth ouroboros was so big, it was possible for him to make the massive mistake that was swallowing the most dangerous weapon in the world. With Libra as the origin point, masses of destructive beams, guided munitions, bombs, railgun fire, magic weapon fire, and mana bullets were shot out to destroy innards and bones with pinpoint accuracy.</p>

      <p>“Fire!”</p>

      <p>It was like an entire war was going on inside the ouroboros’s body. While traveling from the dragon’s throat to his tail, Libra never stopped firing and sowing destruction within the Earth ouroboros’s innards. Even though the ouroboroses boasted unbeatable toughness, not even they were as durable from the inside. Still, this was like torture. Right now, the Earth ouroboros was seeing hell. The foreign object that passed through the ouroboros’s throat, managing to get inside, laid fiery waste to his gullet, destroyed his stomach, and scored countless wounds on his bowels.</p>

      <p>“Fire! Fire! Fire!”</p>

      <p>Having reached the ouroboros’s tail all the way from his mouth, Libra should have finally exited the ouroboros’s body after having laid waste to it—except she actually hadn’t. Instead, Libra proceeded to retrace her steps from there. Once again, she passed through all the places she’d already strafed while once again sowing destruction. By doing this, Libra was aiming for a single, clear destination. The Earth ouroboros must have figured this out as well, as he raised a shout that almost sounded like a scream.</p>

      <p>“Stop! STOOOOOPPPP!”</p>

      <p>Libra was aiming for the brain.</p>

      <p>While burning away the Earth ouroboros at a rate that his regeneration could not keep up with, Libra reached the dragon’s throat and continued on through before changing direction. She stuck her blade of light up into his cranium, attempting to sever it. However, her blade did not pass through. Of course, the ouroboros’s skull, which housed his most important organ, would have extraordinary hardness. The skull was, in fact, harder than the ouroboros’s scales, and in numbers, it boasted a defense of over 50,000. It was a number no normal method of attack could break through.</p>

      <p>However, that just meant that Libra had to change her methods. Such defenses were meaningless in the face of the skill she was about to activate. Its damage was locked at the maximum, and it would hit all targets. Libra had already locked on to not just the ouroboros’s brain but its other parts as well, treating them as separate targets.</p>

      <p>“Proceed to final attack mode! Releasing limiters!”</p>

      <p>“Limiter release confirmed!” said the Gatekeeper.</p>

      <p>The gems placed on either side of the scales on Libra’s back both lit up at once, and her body glowed an incandescent white. The attack she was about to unleash would be one unique to her. Libra did not know this, but there had been an era on Earth where the gods had watched over people that was referred to as the Golden Age. However, the Goddess of Justice Astraea had eventually given up hope on humanity, and heralded the end of the age where humans and gods lived in harmony. Once shifted, the scales would not turn back. The scales of justice pulled divinity away from humanity, and this meant that the age where divinity controlled humanity was at an end.</p>

      <p>This, likewise, was an attack that would decide the fate of the world.</p>

      <p>“Output at one thousand percent!”</p>

      <p>“Skill Select... Brachium Overflow!”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>