<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>She would never waver, never. After all, she was a doll with no emotions. That was why Libra had never wavered on anything from the start. She simply continued to emotionlessly carry out her first order from her true master. She never changed in two hundred years. The reason why she spent her time protecting the King’s Grave was to not allow humanity to get their hands on powerful weapons. The reason why she killed all intruders was to lower the overall strength of humanity.</p>

      <p>After meeting Lufas, she damaged a part of her memories in order to deceive herself, so she could play the perfect, loyal subordinate. This was all possible because she was a golem. Even then, she never forgot her purpose, however. No matter what, Libra would always attempt to carry out her mission, and she never questioned her own inconsistencies. After all, she was sure she was correct. She killed Jupiter so Lufas would not learn anything extraneous that would be disadvantageous for her. She also interfered when the Devil King seemed about to reveal what shouldn’t be revealed.</p>

      <p>However, not everything had gone well for Libra. One of the two spies—Dina, who should have been the Goddess’s avatar—was moving very suspiciously. At first glance, she seemed to be moving along with the Goddess’s scenario, but as a result, she was making the scenario collapse. Dina riled up Mars and Aries, who then returned to Lufas. Scorpius and Aigokeros were the same. If events were traced back, it seemed as if they had returned due to Dina’s arrangements. It almost seemed deliberate that she’d misspoken in Gjallarhorn, and it had been revealed early that she was a spy for the devilfolk.</p>

      <p><em>What is she doing? Seriously, what?</em> Libra caught on to Dina’s suspiciousness early on. She suspected Dina’s betrayal even before she realized she did. It was the same during Lufas and the Devil King’s conversation. Dina’s timing when cutting in was awfully late.</p>

      <p>Now that Libra thought about it, it could have been that Dina was only making an appeal that she was still on the Goddess’s side because she was being watched. That was why Libra had recommended that Lufas investigate Dina many times. Libra had thought that everything would come to light once Lufas started to doubt Dina and interrogated or possibly tortured her.</p>

      <p>However, Lufas had started to doubt Dina but never actually went farther than that, preferring instead to let her do as she pleased. Libra couldn’t figure out what was going on. It was as if Lufas was certain that Dina was an ally. <em>What happened? Did they have some sort of secret conversation while I wasn’t looking? No, there was no evidence of that. I haven’t picked up any voices indicating that.</em></p>

      <p>Rather, Libra was the one who had made a mistake first. When Dina had been revealed as a spy for the devilfolk, Libra was forced to act as if she didn’t know about it. Yes, Libra had heard that conversation. There was no way she wouldn’t have when she was able to hear voices from far farther away. However, since they were both on the same side—the Goddess’s—there was no way Libra could expose Dina. As a result, there was now an unnatural wrinkle. Libra had to pretend as if she’d never heard that conversation.</p>

      <p>Later, once she started to really suspect Dina, Libra thought about revealing that she’d heard their conversation, but there was no point then. Lufas was letting Dina do as she pleased with full knowledge. If Libra were to reveal the fact that she’d overheard, then all Dina would have had to do was tell Lufas that Libra had lied, and that would’ve been an opportunity for the light of suspicion to shine on Libra.</p>

      <p><em>But now, the time for pretending is over. Dina can no longer be relied upon. Luckily, Taurus and I are the only two present. There will be no witnesses, so I’ll kill Taurus and make it like he was killed by the Earth ouroboros’s avatar. Then, I’ll finish the others off one by one.</em></p>

      <p>With that decided, Libra pointed her cannon barrel at Taurus, who was unsteady on his feet.</p>

      <p>“Goodbye, Taurus...”</p>

      <p>Taurus didn’t reply, instead staring at Libra with worry.</p>

      <p><em>Starting off with one... With this, the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars will never be complete.</em></p>

      <p>However, that was when Libra heard an unexpected voice.</p>

      <p>“Did you really think everything would go smoothly for you?”</p>

      <p>Libra quickly turned and found the figure of the Queen of Fairies, whom all the heroic spirits followed. Next to her, her older brother stood waiting.</p>

      <p>Pollux stared coldly at Libra. “You finally showed your true colors, Libra. I had a sneaking suspicion when you said that you would go to Helheim by yourself, but...”</p>

      <p>Libra simply stood quietly. <em>I was found out?</em> Though Libra’s expression didn’t change, she still felt some surprise. However, her barrel never stopped pointing at Taurus even as she studied Pollux, trying to predict her next move.</p>

      <p>After a moment, Libra asked, “When did you realize?”</p>

      <p>“Almost from the start,” Pollux replied.</p>

      <p>“From the start?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. More specifically, from about when you left the Goddess’s avatar alone.”</p>

      <p><em>“You too, Libra! How did things become like this with you around?!”</em></p>

      <p><em>“I am filled with regret deeper than the tallest mountains.”</em></p>

      <p><em>“That just means you aren’t reflecting at all, doesn’t it?! That’s the opposite of deep!”</em></p>

      <p><em>“We will soon be exiting the atmosphere.”</em></p>

      <p><em>“You piece of junk!”</em></p>

      <p>That was the conversation that Libra remembered.</p>

      <p><em>Yes, that was a mistake. </em>Her making a silly response had not been the mistake. Her mistake was one realized in hindsight. It was the fact that she’d continued to let Dina run free. This could also be said to have been Dina’s fault. By drawing all the suspicion onto her, she had managed to even drag Libra’s suspiciousness into the light by association.</p>

      <p>“Even if you can deceive Lufas, that won’t work on me. You better not think that you can just get things to slide with some light banter like that. It’s not like you to leave a person who is clearly suspicious alone like that... In fact, it’s impossible. But you... You left the self-titled advisor and the Goddess’s avatar to swim freely.”</p>

      <p>Libra made no reply.</p>

      <p>“So there’s only one possibility. You were an accomplice.” Pollux paused. “I wished I was just looking too far into things though.”</p>

      <p>Pollux crossed her arms. As if responding to her heightening aggression, the heroic spirits around her advanced in unison. Castor also readied his weapon, and Taurus slowly raised his ax.</p>

      <p>To the front, heroic spirits, and to the back, a bull. Libra was cornered, having been perfectly caught in a pincer. If she had Brachium, she could have swept them all up, but she’d already used it just a little while ago. In other words, she was in checkmate; she had no way to escape. At least, that was what one would normally think.</p>

      <p>“I see...” said Libra. “I underestimated you. Allow me to quietly withdraw here.”</p>

      <p>“Do you really think you can?”</p>

      <p>“Pollux, you may be clever, but in the end, your inability to fight at all is a weakness. Because of that, your point of view is bound to that of a normal person’s.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>Libra spoke in a ridiculing fashion before flying straight up, as if the ceiling didn’t matter. Though, in fact, it didn’t matter. To Libra, walls, ceilings, and floors were all just things that could be broken though at any point in time, much like a spoon to jelly.</p>

      <p>Just imagine: a prisoner is in their cell, only the cell is made of jelly. No matter how it might seem that the prisoner is trapped, it’s not much of an enclosure if the prison is made of jelly. Yes, one may be surrounded by walls and ceilings, but the person is not really enclosed if those walls and ceilings are too brittle to hold up. In other words, though it may have looked like Libra was enclosed from all sides, only her front and back were really closed off. Libra’s up, down, left, and right—the “net” surrounding her—was full of holes, and she was actually able to escape in any number of directions.</p>

      <p>“Stop right there!” Pollux shouted, alarmed.</p>

      <p>She hoped to stop Libra as she continued to bore through the ceiling, but Pollux was stopped by falling rubble. Castor deflected the falling objects, but the collapse didn’t stop there.</p>

      <p>“We need to leave too!”</p>

      <p>If it were only Castor and the heroic spirits there, they could have ignored the collapse and similarly busted through the ceiling in pursuit. Taurus would likely have been buried alive, but even if he was weakened, he wasn’t the type of man who would die from just that. They could have simply returned later to dig him back up with no problems.</p>

      <p>However, Pollux was different. She would easily be killed by this, so Castor and the others had no other choice but to escape and protect Pollux.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, brother. I keep holding you back...”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it.”</p>

      <p>Castor was holding Pollux close while the other heroic spirits carried Taurus. Like that, they left Helheim, having been unable to capture the scales of betrayal.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“This is as far as I go. Please return to Mizgarz without me.”</p>

      <p>With our business on Earth done, we were on the path back to Mizgarz. In the space between the two worlds, Dina suddenly stopped. I’d already seen this coming, so I wasn’t going to raise any doubts at this stage.</p>

      <p>“If I return to Mizgarz, I’ll be immediately taken over by the Goddess and forced to awaken the ouroboroses. So... I’m done here.”</p>

      <p>I was quiet for a moment, then said, “Sorry for putting so much on you.”</p>

      <p>“Seriously.” Dina gave a somewhat-troubled-seeming laugh as she looked up at me. However, she showed no sign of blaming me at all. “But this is all something I chose. Not as a representative of the Goddess, but as Dina. Before I met you, I was just a puppet... You made me a person, so I don’t regret any of it. But... This is as far as I can serve you...”</p>

      <p>With that, Dina gave a smile. She knew what fate awaited her past this point, as well as how that would end. As the Goddess’s avatar, she was bound to the Goddess with a strength incomparable to that between Pollux and the Goddess. If the Goddess felt like it, she could overwrite Dina’s consciousness at any time and control her. No item or skill could stop it. Even skill-sealing equipment would likely have no meaning, so there were only two solutions to this.</p>

      <p>The first was to murder Dina.</p>

      <p>“Miss Lufas, if I disappear here, you will be able to buy time until another avatar is born. This is goodbye.”</p>

      <p>For a long while, I had no words with which to reply to her.</p>

      <p>This had been Dina’s plan from the start. She would disrupt the Goddess’s scenario as much as possible before finally disappearing. By doing that, the scenario would completely fall apart, and I would be able to act freely until the next avatar was born. It would undoubtedly be the best move to make; there could be none better. However...</p>

      <p>“‘When the time comes, don’t hesitate...’ I believe that’s what you said.”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“I understand. I won’t hesitate... Yes, I’ve already decided. I will beat the Goddess down and save you.”</p>

      <p>I purposefully chose the better option instead of the best one. <em>The best move? Like I need something like that. I am a fool who has used raw might to force my selfishness upon others. Making smart moves has never been my style. I’ve been picking a fight with divinity all this time anyway, so I might as well at least save one of my loyal retainers while I’m at it.</em></p>

      <p>“It was a promise, remember? That if you were to gain the Goddess’s ire, I would protect you with all my might.”</p>

      <p>After hearing my answer, Dina couldn’t help but laugh. Tears shined at the corners of her eyes, and for a moment, she was silent. “You really are a fool.”</p>

      <p>“You knew that already, didn’t you?”</p>

      <p>“No, I didn’t. I never thought you’d be this big of one.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>Dina closed her eyes and took something out of a pocket. It was a shining key, one which had unfathomable power.</p>

      <p>“The Key to Reach the Heavens... Or in other words, GM authority. I’m giving it to you. The ‘setting’ is already obsolete, so please use it when the time comes.”</p>

      <p>“Didn’t Castor have it?”</p>

      <p>“That one’s a fake. The one who was watching me... Well, there’s no point in hiding it now, so I’ll just say it. Orm was playing the jester in order to feed Libra fake information, so of course, the key Orm has now is a fake. Rather, isn’t a flying ship filled to the brim with heroic spirits just like yelling out to the world, ‘I have it, so please take it from me?’ I wouldn’t do something stupid like that.”</p>

      <p>I was no longer at a point to be surprised at the name that came out of Dina’s mouth. In fact, my suspicions were only confirmed. <em>I mean, of course she is. She didn’t come flying when she should have heard that Dina was a devilfolk spy, after all.</em></p>

      <p>Now that I thought about it, the fact that Jupiter disappeared immediately after being killed by Libra was also proof that she was on the Goddess’s side. Even after death, the devilfolk’s bodies would stay around for a while... There was no doubt about that, since, a long time ago, I’d beheaded many devilfolk and put their heads on stakes. However, Jupiter’s body disappeared on the spot after having been killed by Libra. This would be impossible if not for the Goddess’s power.</p>

      <p>The reason why Dina’s actions had been so inefficient was also because the Goddess had been watching her all this time through Libra’s eyes. That was why it was necessary for her to continue to play the Goddess’s puppet, who had pretended to be Lufas’s subordinate but was actually a devilfolk spy. <em>I really did push an incredibly hard job on her. I honestly feel bad. </em>Truly, only Dina would have been able to see this through, and I wouldn’t have been able to ask anyone else anyway.</p>

      <p>“As they say, it’s darkest under the lighthouse... I don’t think the Goddess ever suspected that I would have it, out of all people. Also, the ‘Ark’ is completed. I collected the best of Mizgarz’s alchemists and modern Japan’s scientists to create it, so I’m very proud of it.”</p>

      <p>“Well done, managing that by yourself.”</p>

      <p>“Hee hee... Actually, I wasn’t alone. I founded a company, you see... To tell you the truth, my employees are all from Mizgarz. Also, they’re all people long considered dead on the other side. Scorpius did good work.”</p>

      <p>Dina’s words reminded me of a certain group, or rather race, of people. There was only one such category that was treated as dead on the other side that Scorpius was involved in—the country that Phecda had founded and Scorpius had destroyed. <em>I see... Now that she mentions it, I did find it strange.</em></p>

      <p>It was strange that Dina would just let a country be decimated like that while she was with the devilfolk in a position of power. However, if it wasn’t that she had been unable to control Scorpius but rather that she’d figured Scorpius into her plans... Of course, there was no mistake on Scorpius’s part. There was no doubt that she’d confirmed their deaths.</p>

      <p>However, Dina was able to resurrect those who had only been dead for a short time, not to mention the fact that she could control time itself. So, such a thing was indeed possible.</p>

      <p>“Dead on the other side... Scorpius... I see. Well done on all of it.”</p>

      <p>Dina truly had continued to deceive anyone and everyone for the past two hundred years. There was no way I could allow this turn of events, where it seemed like she would be disposed of as soon as she had finished her role. She worked more than hard enough. She saved me, so now, it was my turn to save her.</p>

      <p>“I’ll seal myself up now, but even then, I will probably be found by the Goddess soon enough. Still, it should buy you some time.”</p>

      <p>“Sure. Rest well here. From here on out, it is my fight. I’ve got the baton.”</p>

      <p>Dina was quiet for a long moment before saying, “I believe in you.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, do that,” I said confidently, almost talking to myself, as I stroked Dina’s head.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>