<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>It was hard to describe what I felt back then. I felt a strange sensation that was hard to give an analogy to. Like, it felt kind of like someone you knew was walking next to you... Or like I had known her from before I was even born... It was that kind of feeling. Fahl seemed weirdly restless as well. He kept looking back and forth between the beauty and me, seeming confused.</p>

      <p>“Um!”</p>

      <p>“Yes?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“H-Have we met somewhere...?”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, what? Are you trying to hit on me?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, no, that’s not it...”</p>

      <p>What was it? <em>How should I put it?</em> Even I myself had no idea. I couldn’t explain why I had called back out to that woman.</p>

      <p>She turned back around for me, just once. “This is the first time we met, and it will be the last. I’m only here because there was someplace I wanted to visit, so I’ll be leaving soon.” She paused. “We will probably not cross paths again,” she said, and this time, she kept walking away.</p>

      <p><em>Never meet again...? Was what I said that creepy? </em>I thought about it for a moment. <em>Yeah, I’d bet it was. Of course she’d hate it if some random guy came out of a house she was just passing by and tried the “have we met?” line.</em></p>

      <p>Satisfied by that line of reasoning, I went to return Fahl inside the house, and in that instant, I saw a black feather falling at the edge of my vision. I reflexively grabbed it, but there was no bird nearby. At the same time, that beauty was nowhere to be seen. It was as if I’d just imagined her.</p>

      <p>After a pause, I asked aloud, “Was I dreaming or something?”</p>

      <p>Feeling like I’d just been duped by a tanuki, I let the black feather float off in the wind.</p>

      <p>“Was that really all right?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah...” I said. “Now then, let’s go back to Mizgarz.”</p>

      <p>Finally, I concluded my first and last “chance” meeting with “myself.” It was time to return to my world. From here on out, I would have no idea what kind of life he would lead.</p>

      <p>He was no longer my avatar. He was now his own independent human.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“OOOOOOOOAAARRRGGGHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>At the same time that roar emerged from Leon’s mouth, a blast of pressurized mana was also unleashed. It changed the face of the planet as it traveled, and it was nearly impossible to avoid unless the person had absolute evasion skills. After all, its range was insane. The roar unleashed by the giant lion expanded as it traveled along its line of fire, basically becoming an inescapable wall as it assaulted Leon’s enemies. The area of effect stretched out to several kilometers wide in an instant, wide enough to not allow any attempts to avoid it.</p>

      <p>Well, it would be possible if the person was able to move farther than its width in but a moment, but Sol wasn’t capable of that. He simply crossed his arms and attempted to withstand the attack as the ground around him started to disappear like it was being shaved off the face of the planet. In fact, the kilometer-tall mountain behind him disappeared entirely in the attack. Its power was obvious. However, even if it was able to destroy a mountain, it couldn’t destroy a single strong being. That was just the kind of world this was.</p>

      <p>While enjoying the feeling of his arms being covered in burns, Sol grinned widely.</p>

      <p>“It does look like a strong attack at first glance. No, it really is strong... But there’s no control behind it. It’s flashy, but the power behind it is too spread out. You won’t be able to beat me with that. It’s like you don’t understand how to fight another strong person.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?!”</p>

      <p>“I’ll teach you. What you need in a fight between two strong fighters is...”</p>

      <p>Sol leapt from where he was to in front of Leon. That simple jump wasn’t to be underestimated. At Sol’s speed, his jump was basically instantaneous movement. By the time you were to register that he’d moved, he would already be where he wanted to be.</p>

      <p>“Concentration of power!”</p>

      <p>Sol slammed his fist into the tip of Leon’s nose. In concert with that blow was a white flash, after which Leon was sent flying. Sol had fired a spell at the same time as his punch, stacking damage. The attack seemed rather plain, but it dealt more damage than Leon’s roar had earlier.</p>

      <p>“Even if it just looks like a simple punch, you can put out a lot of damage by concentrating your power like this. Did Lufas Maphaahl never teach you that?”</p>

      <p>Large AoE attacks tended to look strong at first glance. However, their strength was actually dispersed throughout their area of effect, so in fact, they were weaker than normal. Attacks like this were useful for multitudes of enemies, but when facing only one, there was basically no merit to them. At best, using an AoE attack would make it harder to dodge, but there were other ways to ensure that, such as attacking faster than the opponent could dodge.</p>

      <p>However, Leon’s life was painted over with responding to confrontation. He was always the challenged, never the challenger. He was forever the ruler, one who was set upon by multitudes. While he was able to mow down the annoying masses, he’d never polished his skills in taking down a single strong enemy, and that would probably never change.</p>

      <p>“Hah! So you’re just putting in a touching amount of work like a small fry! If you start off strong, then you don’t need shit like that!”</p>

      <p>Leon’s arm slammed down at Sol like he was swatting a mosquito. Sol was easily embedded into the ground as if it were something soft, like tofu, but he just quickly emerged from the ground behind Leon.</p>

      <p>Sei, who was watching the fight, retorted to himself, saying, “It’s not a pool, you know...” In a fight between a couple of level 1000 monsters, solid ground could no longer be counted on to be as such, and sure footing would be nowhere to be found.</p>

      <p>Before Leon could turn around, Sol kicked him away and sent magic after his flying form. This fight might seem even at first glance, but the balance was steadily crumbling.</p>

      <h1>4</h1>

      <p>From birth, he had never even so much as thought he’d lose. He’d never even had a hard fight; his life was nothing but victory. To Leon, every other living being was a weakling, and while looking at all of them use their skills and whatnot, his only thought was, <em>I’ll never use that. Those’re just self-defense techniques for the weak to struggle and try to close the gap in power... Skills aren’t worth bothering with.</em></p>

      <p><em>People use swords. They don’t have sharp fangs or claws, after all; they need swords as a stand-in to be able to cut apart their enemies. It’s not something I need. People wear armor. After all, they need such fakes in order to take attacks for them, since their bodies are so frail. I don’t need anything like that. </em>To Leon, weapons were just stand-ins. He only saw the weapons and armor forged from the fangs and bones of monsters as junk made out of inferior, weak species to be used by an even more inferior, weaker species.</p>

      <p><em>Skills are the same. Skills that raise strength, skills that inflate power, skills that increase damage... Are they stupid? All of those are just childish tricks that won’t measure up to even one of my attacks.</em></p>

      <p>That was why, to Leon, Lufas was a hard-to-understand being. She was a member of humanity, which was weak. She had no fangs or claws. She should have been but a small blip in existence. Even so, her power easily surpassed his. He had suffered a humiliating loss, and then he was captured. Leon couldn’t even count how many times he’d tried to defy her, but each time he was easily dealt with, and she never bothered to deal the finishing blow.</p>

      <p>She had said to him, “Is there a pet owner who would seriously get mad at the love bites their cat gives them?”</p>

      <p>He thought on that for some time. <em>She’s fucking with me.</em></p>

      <p>Leon was so frustrated that he never stopped trying. And every time, he lost. After every loss, she would say, “Leon, you’re certainly strong. However, all you’re doing is swinging wildly. It’s a waste of your natural talents. You should learn to be more skillful.”</p>

      <p>Leon remembered letting his stubbornness get to him and yelling back, “Don’t fuck with me!”</p>

      <p><em>I’m strong. I’m powerful. I don’t need those tricks for the weak!</em></p>

      <p>As Leon raged like that, Lufas warned, “Tricks for the weak, huh? But you see, Leon, if We were to ever meet an enemy that was stronger than us, between you and a weakling with what you call tricks... Take Aries, for example. If We were to pick between him and you, We would pick him every time. We would probably never bring you with us.”</p>

      <p>That was a true humiliation. Leon was indirectly told that he was worse than Aries. He was found wanting compared to the weakest monster, of all things.</p>

      <p>“You probably won’t understand just from our saying it. Come. We have now lowered our level to 1000 so that you stand a chance. In terms of stats, yours should be higher. However, let us make a prediction... You will still be unable to win.”</p>

      <p><em>She’s looking down on me</em>,<em> </em>Leon thought. So he rose up to Lufas’s provocation, letting his anger take over and guide him to strike. Even now, he clearly remembered where he tried to hit her. After that, the part where his fist was lightly batted downwards and he got his jaw rung was a little fuzzy, but Leon still remembered. However, he had no memory of what happened after that. By the time he’d realized, he was face up to the sky. Judging from the pain he felt all over his body, he had surely been beaten soundly.</p>

      <p>He was made to realize the power of those petty tricks of the weak.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>What Megrez and the other heroes said had come true.</p>

      <p>From Sei and his party’s point of view, the fight between Leon and Sol was like a whole different world. The scale of it was just so different that it was hard to tell who would win. All they could see were the two fighters moving around at ridiculous speeds. However, even they could somehow sense the tides starting to shift and lean in one direction. The tides were shifting, but it wasn’t something so gradual and easy as the words make it seem.</p>

      <p>The fight was already a done deal... Leon was only still fighting because his vitality was extremely high. He had no chance of winning. Sol’s punch had Leon’s giant body floating in the air for a moment before he got above Leon to kick him back down.</p>

      <p>Leon immediately got back up and shot a destructive blast of light from his mouth, but it was easily dodged. The next moment, Sol had grabbed him by the tail and thrown him.</p>

      <p>“Lord Megrez, we can’t let this go on! We should offer some sort of support...” Gantz suggested, seeing how the match was going.</p>

      <p>“Impossible,” Megrez said, shooting down the idea. “If you were to try to provide support fire in a fight that fast, you’d be more likely to hit Leon. In fact, if you were to try to help that ball of pride, he might start attacking us instead.”</p>

      <p>Leon was by no means an ally. He was simply the enemy of an enemy. If they were to rush to help him, he might decide to erase them first. Even if they wanted to intervene, they couldn’t.</p>

      <p>While they were talking, the fight continued on. Finally, Leon had fallen to the ground.</p>

      <p>“It’s the end, Lion King. It was pretty fun.”</p>

      <p>Sol accelerated, intending to deal the finishing blow. His aim was Leon’s neck. No matter how much vitality the Lion King had, he wouldn’t survive without his head. Sol concentrated all his mana into his hand and swung it down in a knifehand strike. However, a small shadow fell from the sky to intervene, catching Sol’s strike between both hands. Rainbow-colored hair swayed in the wind, and beautiful, effeminate looks showed strong resolve as Aries looked straight at Sol.</p>

      <p>“You’re...Aries of the Twelve Heavenly Stars?!”</p>

      <p>Sol was surprised by the sudden entrance, and Aries took advantage of that to get in a kick wreathed in flame.</p>

      <p>“Yaaarrgghh!”</p>

      <p>Sol quickly flipped in midair and regained his footing, but then Aries unleashed his magic. The flames he shot from his hands changed direction in midair, flanking around Sol’s sides. Then, Aries shot out more flame, using the impulse from that to accelerate and land a kick.</p>

      <p>Sol managed to react in time and put up a guard, but Aries’s attack was not a light one. The impact sent Sol into a rapid descent, and he crashed into the ground. But even then, he didn’t stop. Sol was pushed farther and farther while gouging out the earth. He crashed into a mountain and effectively dug a hole into it, and came out the other side, still flying. However, Sol was the avatar of an ouroboros. That alone wouldn’t sink him.</p>

      <p>With just his leg muscles, Sol forced himself to stop, just in time to intercept Aries, who came charging in from the front. But right then, Sol felt a chill in his spine, so he jumped away. As soon as he did so, a gigantic goat demon wielding a scythe popped up out of the ground, surprising Sol.</p>

      <p>“So he dodged...” said Aigokeros. “He’s got good instincts.”</p>

      <p>“Aigokeros?!”</p>

      <p>“Not just him,” Karkinos said.</p>

      <p>Sol wasn’t safe where he dodged to either. As he spoke, Karkinos slammed a kick into Sol’s cheek, bouncing him away. As Sol flew, he was caught by a flexible weapon made to resemble a scorpion’s tail. Scorpius used her full might to slam Sol into the ground, where Aquarius was waiting in her jar.</p>

      <p>“Absolute Zero!”</p>

      <p>A chill measuring at absolute zero, which could freeze any and all things, blasted towards Sol, who should probably be praised for not dying right then and there. Though he forced his way out of the prison of cold and jumped away, he was still not safe. As if he’d been waiting for Sol to do just that, Aries punched Sol away. The one who chased after Sol was the argonautai helmsman, Aviol the Keel, though he was just bones, so it was a wonder why he was a heroic spirit. He opened his mouth and gathered as much mana as he could in it. Then, he unleashed it.</p>

      <p>The mana, compacted down to its limits, traveled in a line of destructive light, swallowing Sol. The torrent of destruction never stopped, simply continuing onwards while carving a furrow in the land until it went straight into the void, coincidentally impacting the moon and creating a giant mushroom cloud. Even then, Aviol didn’t stop. He fired, fired, fired, and fired some more. Concentrated mana continued to leap out of Aviol’s mouth, raising a smoke cloud that reached up to the heavens.</p>

      <p>However, Sol was still alive and kicking. His arms were crossed together, his entire body smoking as he stood, but it wasn’t over yet.</p>

      <p>Pisces laughed as he grabbed Sol by the head from behind. “Kneel, scum.”</p>

      <p>Sol had his head slammed into the dirt. <em>Your head is too high. Know your place! You are in front of the child of divinity! Such a child cannot be compared to a mere offshoot of an ouroboros.</em> Pisces’s haughty attitude seemed to say just that, and he did, in fact, have strength befitting his attitude.</p>

      <p>Though he was on the ground, Sol was still able to quickly get free of Pisces and take some distance.</p>

      <p>What Sol saw next was utterly disheartening. The <em>Argo</em> floated in the air, and multitudes of heroic spirits were looking down on him. Meanwhile, all the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars were on the ground, except the Ox and the Scales. <em>I can’t see the fairy twins, but... Well, they’re probably just inside the </em>Argo, Sol thought.<em> There’s no way the ship is here without them. The Devil King’s son, Terra, is also ready with his sword. I’m surrounded.</em></p>

      <p>It was obvious he had no chance; there was no way. However, Sol never lost his fearless smile. He still had cards to play. He was still confident that he could at least run away. If he wasn’t, then he wouldn’t have lured them in.</p>

      <p>“I see... I did lure you all here, but I never thought all of you would come. Heh heh heh... This is actually really convenient for me.”</p>

      <p><em>I’ve succeeded in getting them to come. So “that” should take care of the rest. </em>It would have been fine if Sol had just hurried and beat a retreat. With that, he started to speak to his compatriot who wasn’t here<em>—</em>Dina<em>—</em>inside his mind.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve done my duty. Hurry and open up an Exgate, and let me escape.</em></p>

      <p>However, Sol’s words were met with silence. There was no reply at all, not even the slightest hint of a response.</p>

      <p><em>This can’t be. There’s no way!</em></p>

      <p>The avatar of the Goddess and the avatars of the ouroboroses<em>—</em>there should have been an unbreakable connection between these two existences. In the first place, she was the Goddess’s on-the-ground representative, as well as the switch with the authority to activate all the ouroboroses in an emergency, signaling the end of the world. In other words, she was their weapon of last resort. There was no way Sol, an avatar of an ouroboros, would be unable to contact her, which meant that she was purposefully ignoring his telepathic message.</p>

      <p>There was a very long pause.<em> I see. So that’s how it is.</em> Sol almost couldn’t stop himself from laughing. <em>Ah, so that’s it. That’s how it is! Or rather, that’s how it was.</em></p>

      <p><em>Now that I think about it, it’s obvious. Now that I’ve noticed it, everything is simple. It was stranger of me to think that I was the only one who awakened his own personality. She’s long since stopped being a puppet. With that, everything fits. No wonder everything just happened to work out for Lufas and her group. No wonder she managed to gather all the Twelve Stars, and things have developed into such a troublesome state. How amusing!</em></p>

      <p>Sol realized there was no chance of him being saved, so he understood that he would die here. However, he felt no anger, and he held no grudge. In fact, he wanted to praise her for being able to fool him this long. He wanted to say, “Well done!” Sol liked strong people. Whether that was physical strength or ingeniousness, he just couldn’t help liking those who exceeded his expectations.</p>

      <p><em>I mean, it’s boring, right? Having everything go the way the gods or their agents want. So why not laugh? Instead of being angry at having been tricked, I laugh at myself for failing. Let’s praise her for her craftiness in being able to lure me into this death trap, for things to not be going according to plan, and for deviating from this script... What an amusing third-rate play!</em></p>

      <p>“Fine, Dina. Let me perish here. But not everything will go as you’ve planned.” Sol paused. “I’ll be taking some with me. I’ll make as many of them accompany me to Hel as I can.”</p>

      <p><em>There is no more retreat. The only way is forward. That’s just fine with me. The Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars are worthy final opponents.</em></p>

      <p>However, Leon stood alone in front of Sol, who was gearing himself up. Leon had returned to human form, and he’d just shoved Virgo, who was trying to heal him, away.</p>

      <p>“Don’t do anything unnecessary, trash. This one’s my prey,” said Leon.</p>

      <p>“Huh? You sure sing a lot for someone who just lost,” Scorpius retorted.</p>

      <p>There was a moment of silence before Leon let out an annoyed, “Tsk! Well, it’s not like I can deny that... I guess I can’t win like this.”</p>

      <p>Unexpectedly, Leon meekly agreed to Scorpius’s mocking. He cracked his neck and spat out the blood in his mouth. Then, he heaved a sigh and scratched at his head. “There’s nothing else for it... I hate that it looks like I’m submitting to Lufas, but I guess I should use some tricks...”</p>

      <p>Leon approached Sol with no guard up, his hands at his sides. While feeling some disquiet at that, Sol stepped forward, aiming a jab at Leon’s jaw. Leon easily parried the blow, though, and swiftly countered with an elbow to Sol’s jaw.</p>

      <p>Sol, his head rattled, fell on his behind, and Leon looked down at him.</p>

      <p>“Hey, was that just...” Aries asked, shocked by what he saw.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it was a skill. ‘Technical Guard.’” Aigokeros paused, then launched into a calm commentary. “It blocks the opponent’s attack, a skill to lighten damage. Our master taught it to me, but this is the first time I’m seeing it.”</p>

      <p>It was a defensive skill, one which Leon had never shown before now. Then, when Sol got up and threw out another punch, Leon used the dodging skill “Detect” to avoid it. Detect was a skill that raised the user’s evasion, so this was also unlike Leon.</p>

      <p>Sol, open after his attack, was then met with the two-hit skill “Double Blow” to his gut, sending him flying. Leon’s attack was also rather careful and measured. Unlike his usual style of just swinging with as much power as he could muster, the attack was compact and concise.</p>

      <p>“So Leon is actually capable of fighting like that...” Aries said, surprised.</p>

      <p>“He’s always been gifted at fighting. Even without any unique skill, he’s strong as long as he’s serious about it...” Scorpius responded, bored. “Pisses me off, though.”</p>

      <p>Leon didn’t need any fancy skills. Well, that was in the past though. Up until now, all he’d done was rely on his huge stats to attack with. In other words, he only used normal attacks. He did use some skills, like his roar, but even then, those were just beginner skills with a wide area of effect. Yes, he was plenty strong, even without skills. Enough to stand as the strongest within the Twelve Heavenly Stars, at least.</p>

      <p>As for how he would perform when using skills to their fullest... Well, that was about to be proven now. However, he had yet to use any of his skills, because he’d never thought he’d lose, even if he didn’t use the skills taught to him by Lufas. <em>Skills are just touching tricks for the weak.</em> He’d probably felt pride as he spat that out. Now, though, Leon was unleashing all he had, because he admitted that he would lose to Sol as he was.</p>

      <p>“Interesting... Yeah! That’s how it’s gotta be! Now this fight’s worth it!” Sol clenched his fists and shouted happily before he dashed at Leon.</p>

      <p>Leon dashed towards Sol in turn, and the two’s fists clashed in the middle. However, it was no simple clash. That moment, many skills were activated at once, and several feints were thrown. Their fists and legs crossed at speeds too fast for the eye to catch, and the sounds of their clashing couldn’t keep up. Unlike the flashy fight before, this one was comparatively tame. Well, whether that applied to a fight where the aftershocks could send the surroundings flying was debatable, but the scale was certainly smaller than before.</p>

      <p>However, the power behind each exchange was several times more intense than before. There was no useless spreading of power; everything was concentrated at one point. Their abilities were on par with each other’s. Though with the Goddess’s influence, Sol was still a little above. However, he had already taken damage, and Leon had an incredible amount of vitality.</p>

      <p>Sol’s fist crunched into Leon’s gut, and the sounds of bones snapping were audible. Leon’s fist slammed into Sol, and with his jawbone broken, he could no longer clench his teeth. Both their fists clashed, breaking hand bones before also exchanging kicks and breaking legs as well.</p>

      <p>“OOOOOAAARRRGGHH!!!” Leon howled.</p>

      <p><em>I am the strongest! I cannot lose! I have no time to be tripping up here. I have a wall I have to surpass! </em>It was a howl from the soul, screaming that he couldn’t afford to lose to someone like Sol.</p>

      <p>“WWAAAAAAGGHHH!!!” Sol also howled.</p>

      <p><em>That’s right. This is what I’ve been looking for this whole time. There’s nothing fun about a world where everything goes to plan. I wanted something unexpected to happen.</em></p>

      <p>Sol’s howl was a joyous one, expressing his happiness at finding a fight worth having against a worthy enemy in this miniature garden of the Goddess.</p>

      <p>The two were basically even, so the fight would be decided by the strength of their spirits. It was a fight between someone with their eyes on the future and who desired victory, and one who was simply satisfied in the fight. That difference showed itself in the weight of the fighter’s fists.</p>

      <p>The fight only lasted tens of seconds though. In their subjective perspective, the fierce battle would have lasted several hours. Eventually, the one who reached the end of his rope and fell was the white-haired man.</p>

      <p>At the same time in Helheim, the heroic spirits who should have been accompanying Libra had fallen. They were covered in wounds, and particles of light were disappearing. Only Libra and Taurus were left standing, and they were pointing their weapons at one another.</p>

      <h1>5</h1>

      <p>While lying on the ground looking up at the sky, Sol felt refreshed.</p>

      <p><em>That was a good fight. I put everything on the line and lost. </em>Sol felt no desire to make excuses, like how he had been outnumbered or how he had been previously injured. In the end, a loss was a loss. To him, it was his fault for getting put in that situation in the first place.</p>

      <p>Battles weren’t affairs where you faced each other and had a signal to start. There were things like making sure you were in the best condition or creating favorable surroundings, tactics, and strategies. All of that was also part of the battle. Sol had fallen for their plan, and he had lost with his foolishness fully exposed. That was all.</p>

      <p>Sol, the loser, laughed heartily. “Heh... Heh heh heh heh heh... He HA HA HA HA HA!”</p>

      <p>That got on Leon’s nerves, so he growled irritably. “What’s so funny?”</p>

      <p><em>I just can’t stand this guy’s attitude. </em>He glared at Sol as if to say, <em>If you still have some sort of trump card, hurry up and show it!</em></p>

      <p>“It’s just funny. The Goddess’s scenario, painstakingly built up over tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, even millions of years was so simply torn down in just two hundred. It’s so funny. I just can’t stop myself.”</p>

      <p>“That’s all?”</p>

      <p>“That’s all,” Sol said. After a moment, he added, “Ah, I see. Did you think I had something left? If you did, you don’t have to worry. I don’t. It’s truly your win. Even if you just leave me here, I’ll disappear soon.”</p>

      <p>Hearing what Sol said, Virgo hurried over. There wasn’t really any special reason for it. She didn’t make any calculations, like speculating that he would feel some sort of gratitude for being healed. If she were capable of something like that, she wouldn’t have run over in the first place. In other words, Virgo’s body just moved on its own. That was a testament to her kindness as well as her foolishness.</p>

      <p>Sol grabbed Virgo’s hands as she placed them over him, rejecting her healing.</p>

      <p>“Don’t, kind girl. That may normally be a virtue, but in a battle, it is a weakness. If I were to take you hostage in this situation, it would be your fault the tables turned, you know? There are those who can’t be saved by kindness alone, as well as wretches who wouldn’t be embarrassed to take advantage of it. Keep that in a corner of your mind from now on,” Sol said before taking hold of one of Virgo’s shoulders and pushing her away.</p>

      <p>Virgo must not have been convinced though, since she started to try to argue with him desperately. “Don’t be like that! You... You’re... You’re not that kind of person, right?! Just now, you...”</p>

      <p>“No, I am the Goddess’s puppet to my core. I awakened an ego, but I couldn’t separate myself, like Pollux or Orm could. Even if you heal me here, I will surely come back as your enemy.” Sol was quiet for a moment. “Do it. The finisher is the right of the winner, as well as a duty.”</p>

      <p>“You don’t have to tell me,” said Leon.</p>

      <p>Virgo was about to continue arguing, but Aries stopped her. Then, Leon stepped forward. He raised his fist and put enough strength in it that the veins in his arms popped up.</p>

      <p>“Lastly, allow me to give you all a hint as a sign of respect for your victory. When I die, the Goddess will basically have no pieces left. She doesn’t have absolutely no pieces, but nothing that would be able to win against you all. Do you know what that means?”</p>

      <p>“Nope.”</p>

      <p>While giving a strained laugh at Leon’s curt answer, Sol thought of the last puppet other than him. What he’d said just now was not the truth. The Goddess still had two pieces to play. One was Dina, who could be controlled regardless of her own will. The other was...</p>

      <p>Still, since there were only two, they would truly be outnumbered. In order to make up for that, the Goddess would undoubtedly wake up the ouroboroses.</p>

      <p>“I’m saying it will start. Your blow here will be the trigger to the end of the world.”</p>

      <p>“Izzat so.”</p>

      <p>Heedless of Sol’s words, Leon swung. There was a loud sound, and Karkinos suddenly took on his gigantic form and jumped in front of everyone. There were several seconds of raging, storm-like winds resulting from the pressure of Leon’s fist. Eventually, that died down, revealing several cracks in the earth that stretched off to the horizon.</p>

      <p>Sol was no longer there. All that remained to attest to his existence were some faintly glowing particles, and those would soon be gone as well.</p>

      <p>The silence stretched before Virgo asked, “Why?”</p>

      <p>To cheer up the saddened Virgo, Scorpius patted her head. “Who knows. Men are stupid beings. If it were me, I’d stubbornly try to survive by any means possible,” she muttered, exasperated.</p>

      <p>With that, the Goddess’s last piece that could oppose the Twelve Heavenly Stars had disappeared. Anyone could predict what would happen next. It would start. That was what Sol had said. There was no need to say what. Now that Sol, the last piece, was gone, the Goddess would only have one recourse<em>—</em>just one<em>—</em>and the time to use it was fast approaching. The end of the world would soon be upon them.</p>

      <p>“Well now, this is no time to take it easy, is it? I’m going to head back to Blutgang as fast as possible. I think I’ll be able to barely make it if I go now. Megrez, I’m going to make use of that mana engine you invented,” said Mizar.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I need to act now as well. Now it’s a race against time.”</p>

      <p>Sei and his party had no idea what anyone else was talking about, but it was obvious everyone was on the same page. The reason why the Seven Heroes had gathered in the first place might have been to discuss it, so Sei made sure not to question anything. More importantly, there was something he needed to do. There was something his party could do.</p>

      <p>“Lord Megrez, I... I’d like to go back to Laevateinn. I don’t think someone like me would be useful in a fight, but I can at least spread the word that Lufas isn’t an enemy,” said Sei.</p>

      <p>“So that’s your answer?” Megrez asked.</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“Good then. If that’s the case, allow me to send you to Laevateinn myself.”</p>

      <p>What Sei was about to try to do would probably be a small thing compared to what was to come. However, he was also the only one who could do those small things. Even if Megrez and the other heroes were to say that Lufas was not an enemy, it wouldn’t be convincing. Likewise, nobody would believe it if Lufas herself were to come out and say that she was not an enemy. But with Sei<em>—</em>the person who had no connection to the events two hundred years ago and who had been able to come this far on his own two feet<em>—</em>the people might listen. Sei wouldn’t be able to do anything in the fight itself. However, he could become a bridge between Lufas and the people at large.</p>

      <p>“If that is what Sir Sei has decided... All right. I have also made up my mind. O Wise King, please send me to Draupnir. I will convince Emperor Beahr,” said Petto.</p>

      <p>“Grrraawwlll!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, Friedrich! You want to come too?”</p>

      <p>Following Sei, both Petto and Friedrich chose to stand with Lufas. Neither Gantz nor Jean seemed to have any objection either, as they silently nodded.</p>

      <p>However, among all that, Merak remained still, staring straight at Virgo. He seemed like he saw a ghost, and his lips were quivering.</p>

      <p>“White wings... That face... The color of her hair... Impossible.” Merak paused before stuttering, “H-Hey, you... Sorry, um... I know it’s rude, but do you have parents, or maybe adoptive ones?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Umm... No, I’ve never met my parents. Apparently, I was abandoned in the forest when I was a baby, and my gran picked me up.”</p>

      <p>“N-No way...”</p>

      <p>Merak’s eyes went wide in true heartfelt shock as he continued to stare at Virgo. His expression seemed to show joy as well as sadness; it was a complicated look.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Parthenos muttered, “Hmm... As I thought...”</p>

      <p>“Huh? What’s going on, gran?” asked Virgo.</p>

      <p>“It’s simple. That Sky King there... Most likely, he’s your real father.”</p>

      <p>Everyone froze. Even Mizar, who was about to return to Blutgang, and Megrez, who was about to turn back to Svel, stopped in their tracks. That was just how much of an impact what was just said had.</p>

      <p>“WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?!”</p>

      <p>Virgo’s shout reverberated throughout the heavens.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Turning back time a little, Libra, who had descended to the underground world of Helheim, had managed to reach Taurus along with her three heroic spirit escorts without much trouble. There, she saw the head of a sleeping ouroboros along with Taurus, who was stationed quietly in front of it.</p>

      <p>“It has been a while... Though not really. More like, it has been since the other day, Taurus.”</p>

      <p>Taurus paused before answering with a simple, “Indeed.”</p>

      <p>“You know why I am here, correct? I am here to bring you back.”</p>

      <p>There was no need for long conversations between these two. Libra spoke concisely, and Taurus replied with a single word. If someone who didn’t understand what was going on were to see this, they would probably have no idea what the pair were talking about.</p>

      <p>Taurus slowly stood up and quietly took a stance, fists clenched. “I will go after finishing this errand.”</p>

      <p>As Taurus spoke, light started to gather in front of him. That light was coming from the Ouroboros of Earth, and it coalesced into the shape of a human. Just like the Fire and Sun ouroboroses, it was creating an avatar. This wasn’t especially strange. Every ouroboros, other than the already-awakened Moon ouroboros, would create avatars and send them out, so there was no reason that only the Ouroboros of Earth would be left out of this.</p>

      <p>The manifested avatar was level 1000. In terms of combat capability, it was equal to Sol, a transcendent being capable of taking on any and all living things by itself.</p>

      <p>“Aldebaran!”</p>

      <p>It was dealt with in just a single blow. Taurus’s steely fist swung forth, and the sound of something breaking resounded as the newly born avatar returned to motes of light and disappeared.</p>

      <p>Though they were called avatars, they were the product of a skill in the end, so they were completely helpless in the face of Aldebaran, a skill that forcefully ended other skills. The problem was so instantly solved it kind of made a mockery of all of Leon and the others’ troubles, but this was just a simple matter of matchups. Since the avatar’s entire existence was thanks to a skill, Taurus was uniquely situated to deal with them.</p>

      <p>“Well done. As expected, Taurus.”</p>

      <p>Taurus said nothing in reply.</p>

      <p>“Now, let us go. Everyone is waiting.”</p>

      <p>“No, not yet,” Taurus said, before taking a jab at Libra.</p>

      <p>Libra reacted in time, dodging the attack, and the swing hit nothing but air. However, it was obvious that the punch had not been pulled. Taurus had seriously meant to end Libra.</p>

      <p>“What are you doing, Taurus?”</p>

      <p>“There is no need for me to give you my reasoning, because you know why already.”</p>

      <p>“What nonsense.”</p>

      <p>Libra readied her weapons as she faced down Taurus with an icy expression. If her opponent was willing to kill, she would respond in kind.</p>

      <p>“Either way, if you are going to try to kill me, allow me to respond in kind. I will be interrogating you after rendering you immobile... It is recommended you talk before that changes to torture.”</p>

      <p>Taurus considered things for a moment, then said, “I see. So you have no self-awareness. Either that, or maybe you’ve destroyed your own memories, thus deceiving even yourself?”</p>

      <p>Having had something pointed out by Taurus, Libra stopped for a moment. “The damaged data?”</p>

      <p><em>Yes... The damaged data... It’s been there ever since I met Lufas, but I still don’t know what’s been lost; I haven’t repaired it at all. Rather, why haven’t I even tried to repair it after all this time? </em>Libra stopped her train of thought, trying to come up with an answer. <em>Wait, that’s not what’s important now. At any rate, I have to take down this crazed bull first. Or, I could just put him down once and for all. Wouldn’t that actually be better? It would benefit my master.</em></p>

      <p>“Please stop, you two! How could two of the Twelve Heavenly Stars be fighting one another?!”</p>

      <p>“He’s right! Please, let’s all calm down and talk this out!”</p>

      <p>This totally unexpected situation had the heroic spirits panicking, but still, the two of them didn’t stop.</p>

      <p>While creating some distance, Libra launched a hail of bullets, but Taurus paid those bullets no heed as he advanced. However, Libra had the advantage in mobility. She skillfully danced around him, never allowing him to get closer.</p>

      <p>The threat Taurus posed came entirely from his overwhelming destructive power, and that could not be brought to bear unless he managed to get within close range. He had no way of attacking at long range. Anyone with that information would find defeating him easy. All they had to do was hit him from far away.</p>

      <p><em>No self-awareness? I’m being tricked? What nonsense... Memory manipulation doesn’t work on a golem like me. You’re the suspicious one, Taurus.</em></p>

      <p>Libra’s cannon fire hit Taurus, forcing him backwards. It would be difficult to fully exhaust his vitality, but it would just be simple grunt work in a fight that was basically already decided. All Libra had to do was continue shooting away at him while not allowing him to come close, and once he was within the health range for it, use Brachium to finish it all.</p>

      <p><em>True, my memories are damaged, but... Yes, it’s probably about time to repair them. I’m sure that as soon as I do, I will uncover Dina’s true identity, as well as the reason for Taurus’s actions.</em></p>

      <p>Libra hadn’t noticed just how strange her thoughts were at this point in time. <em>About time to repair...</em> Taking that the other way, it also meant that she could have repaired her memories at any time, but she hadn’t. Why hadn’t she done such a thing? That was what she should have considered first. However, Libra had been unable to do so. She had been unable because she was a golem, and because she was sure that not doing so would benefit her master, even though she had no reason to think that.</p>

      <p>As soon as she recognized something as the right course of action, her thoughts would go no further. Once she had her answer, she would stop. That was the sad difference between people and golems. <em>Repairing damaged data...</em> Without any basis for it, Libra had decided now was the time to repair the damaged data, so she did so. There was no reason for it, but also no doubt. After all, she was correct in the end. Libra’s true nature was that of a tool. Her raison d’être was to be of use to her master and to remove anything harmful to her master. So, Libra did not doubt.</p>

      <p>And—</p>

      <p>“Ah, I remember now.”</p>

      <p>The puppet...</p>

      <p>“I see, Taurus. You’ve been right this entire time. As I thought, I’ve been acting for my master...”</p>

      <p>...sneered in derision.</p>

      <p>“The great Alovenus.”</p>

      <p>Libra revealed an expression she’d never shown anyone before, and the light of Brachium burned Taurus along with the heroic spirits.</p>

      <h1>6</h1>

      <p>Everything had started over two hundred years ago when Lufas Maphaahl invaded the Goddess’s sanctuary and seized the Scales of Selection. The Scales of Selection was originally the guardian of the Goddess’s sanctuary, so its original master was Alovenus. After Lufas took it, it was remade into a new golem named Libra. However, when the Scales was taken, it already had a mission given to it. That mission was to observe Lufas Maphaahl, as well as to make her forces crumble from the inside.</p>

      <p>Indeed, there were actually two spies in the Conquering Thirteen Heavenly Stars. One was Dina, the Goddess’s avatar. The other was an emotionless puppet, Libra, whose original mission had never been lost, even after having been remade by Mizar. And of course it hadn’t. After all, when Mizar had returned from the sanctuary, he too had been under the Goddess’s spell. He had purposefully left that part in.</p>

      <p>This fact was unknown to Mizar’s copy. The one who had actually made Libra was the original Mizar, while the copy only watched. Because the copy believed that Mizar was like itself, it never expected that the original Mizar would ever do something so foolish. So, what was completed was, on the surface, the most loyal member of the Conquering Thirteen Heavenly Stars, one who was also an unwavering steel maid.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>