<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p>As soon as I turned my back to her, I felt Dina stopping her own time.</p>

      <p><em>It probably won’t even take a day for the Goddess to find her...</em></p>

      <p><em>I’m going to have to prepare in the meanwhile. If I don’t, I won’t be able to make this a good fight, after all. But before that, there’s something I need to settle. </em>I paused, thinking. <em>I’ve kept you waiting, Orm. I’m coming back now. Let’s just see who’s worthy of challenging the Goddess.</em></p>

      <h1>7</h1>

      <p>After shutting himself in his room, he could feel himself naturally sinking deeper and deeper into thought as the time he spent not speaking to anyone lengthened. During that time, Orm was calculating. He was always posing questions and then answering them.</p>

      <p><em>What is this world? Who am I?</em></p>

      <p><em>This world is... Right, this world is the Goddess’s miniature garden, a toy chest that she made herself, and I am stage dressing created by her for the sole purpose of spreading despair throughout the stories she writes. I never had any objection to that nor any doubts because an omniscient, omnipotent being decided it, so it must be so. I never doubted that her way was the right way.</em></p>

      <p><em>If it was decided by divinity, then it is already divine providence. Those who question it are always mistaken. Carnivores attack, kill, and eat herbivores, but that is not evil. They have to do so to live. It’s not something someone decided to do just because. That is what providence is, and that is what the decisions of divinity mean. When was it, I wonder? When did I start acting as evil under her orders? It has to have been at least hundreds of thousands of years ago.</em></p>

      <p>Orm’s role was to spread despair to the people as the scenario dictated. He had to put fear in them. In the end, he would face the brave heroes who challenged him and pretend to have lost while wounding them fatally before leaving the stage. It was a simple task. There was no living thing in existence that could match up to Orm, who was an ouroboros, in the first place. If he were to fight seriously, he would easily defeat the heroes.</p>

      <p>A certain hero had claimed that, for the sake of those he loved, he couldn’t lose. Another hero had howled that he was fighting for the people’s peace. Each and every hero that had challenged Orm had their own convictions and beliefs, which they talked of in loud voices as he listened while feeling nothing. Orm couldn’t understand what they were talking about.</p>

      <p>Actually, he did understand the literal meaning of their words, but he couldn’t understand why that motivated them so fiercely. <em>Loved ones? Something more important than oneself? Family? What are all those...? Just what is it about them? I don’t understand. The Goddess hasn’t told me about them.</em></p>

      <p>So, Orm fulfilled his duty, which had been given to him by his role, and ended them. He killed them while utterly ignorant of how brave and precious their existences were.</p>

      <p><em>When was it, I wonder? When did I start to get interested?</em></p>

      <p>The Fairy Princess Pollux, the one who had been given the opposite role of Orm, was able to understand the hearts of the heroes. Exactly because she understood, her heart was crying out in pain. Orm didn’t understand it. He didn’t get why the Fairy Princess was grieving so.</p>

      <p><em>Does she know? Does she know why those hailed as heroes throw away their short lives to stand against me? Just what is it that drives them so? I’m sure she knows, but I don’t. I have never felt any guilt about it. But... When I see the tears in her eyes, I get the feeling that what I am doing is horribly wrong. If I were human, if I were one of those people called heroes, would I understand the reason for her tears? I wonder when it was that I started to hate being a puppet. The story keeps repeating. The star actors may change, but the story never does.</em></p>

      <p>Now that Orm thought about it, that may have been his first rebellious act towards the Goddess. It was just a small bit of self-satisfaction that could in no way be called rebellion. Orm just thought that if he were to create someone to be the puppet in his place, he might feel better. Unlike the other ouroboroses, Orm was always active, so he had no need for an avatar. However, he was able to create a clone of himself using the same basic process. But by the time Orm noticed, what he’d created had taken on a shape far removed from his original goal. It was so far removed, in fact, it could be said to be the exact opposite. What he had created took the form of the heroes that Orm so wanted to know the feelings of. It looked like a human. <em>If I were a human hero, then I might look like this.</em> As if reflecting that imagination, Orm’s unseeming clone was born, and Orm named him Terra.</p>

      <p>“The world is afraid,” Orm muttered quietly as he sat on his throne.</p>

      <p>Saturnus gave a puzzled response. “What?”</p>

      <p>There was no way she would understand if he just started talking about the world or something out of nowhere. It was only natural. But to Orm, there was no need to bother explaining. <em>Even if I don’t explain, she’ll understand soon</em>, he thought. <em>Look, she’s right there. She’s returned from the other world, from passing through space itself, to regain her true memories. The true monster, who has wrestled the Goddess’s laws into submission with her sheer will, is coming.</em></p>

      <p>“It is the return of the king.”</p>

      <p>Just as Orm spoke, the world shuddered. It was very similar to the heaven-winged racial skill, Pressure, but its range and strength were of an entirely different dimension. Saturnus was completely unable to stand; the only movement she was capable of was the rattling of her teeth. The world itself rumbled in fear at the king’s return. This was no hallucination. Just from her return, Mizgarz’s rotation speed slowed a little, and several abnormal weather patterns, like hurricanes, whipped up on the dark continent. As if being drawn in, the moon sank a little closer to Mizgarz, and the oceans rose in response. With how much Lufas had grown, her very existence was power itself at this point.</p>

      <p>Lufas didn’t wield power; she <em>was</em> power. It was as if the world—rather, the entirety of space itself—bowed to her. Such was the absolute weight of her very existence, as well as her intimidating pressure. Distance made no difference; it was possible to sense her just with instinct. Surpassing a time of two hundred years, Lufas Maphaahl had truly returned.</p>

      <p>Orm felt this more than anyone as he rose from his throne.</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re going to fight?”</p>

      <p>Saturnus looked up at Orm like he was something completely incomprehensible, though it was true that she couldn’t understand him. Any person with a normal sense of things would understand just how meaningless what Orm was about to do was. After all, why not just leave her alone? Why not just let the two monsters, Lufas and Alovenus, destroy each other? There was basically no merit for Orm to go out of his way to fight Lufas.</p>

      <p>“Please don’t, My Lord. There’s no point!”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Passing through the gap in space-time, Benet and I once again touched Mizgarz ground. Even with Dina sealed in that gap under her own will, it would probably still take less than just a day for things to kick off, probably not even ten hours. I had no time left. If I missed this chance, the showdown between Orm and I would have to be pushed back even further. Either that or there might never be a chance for our final confrontation. Now was the time for me to head for that end-all fight that I hadn’t been able to attend two hundred years ago, though there would probably be those who would think that I shouldn’t do it <em>because</em> I was so pressed for time.</p>

      <p>Both the Devil King and I had set defeating the Goddess as our goal, so there would surely be those who believed that we should have joined hands instead of fighting each other. They would be right. In truth, that would be the correct move. So, the answer to the question of whether or not what I was about to do was pointless would be a resounding yes. The answer to whether or not it would be inefficient would also play out similarly.</p>

      <p>Using an Exgate, I retrieved my equipment and transmuted a station for myself to change in before I went in and did so quickly. It basically took me only an instant. In fact, I might not have needed the changing station.</p>

      <p>“So you’re going to fight the Devil King now?” Benet asked.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I’ve kept him waiting a long time, after all. You can feel it too, can’t you? His will to fight, I mean.”</p>

      <p>“I can, but I don’t think there’d be much point in doing so right now.”</p>

      <p>“You’re right...” I admitted, pausing. “It’s certainly not the smart move. But...”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“It isn’t about logic.”</p>

      <p>Orm didn’t have an answer that would satisfy Saturnus. After all, she was right. There was no meaning to this fight. Well, there was for Orm, but from an outside viewpoint, it shouldn’t have much priority.</p>

      <p>This fight was clearly not something that should be done now. Dina had disappeared from Mizgarz, and Lufas had returned. If Lufas had erased Dina, then <em>that time</em> would not come for a while. For it to come, the Goddess’s next avatar would have to be born first, so it would have to be postponed until then.</p>

      <p>However, Orm could somehow tell that Lufas had not killed Dina, so the Twilight of the Gods would come soon. The end of times was already upon them. The Goddess would find Dina and control her. Once that happened, there was no stopping it. Everything would head for the final stage. There was no more room for doubt. Mizgarz would end today. With that realization, it should have been clear just how useless fighting Lufas right now was.</p>

      <p>Any smart person would probably consider the situation, what they should do now, and what could be done later. They would calm themselves and look at the big picture. <em>Ah, yes, that would be correct. Totally correct. </em>However, Orm chose to make this mistake.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“I can’t move forward while leaving things smoldering like this. Orm can’t either.”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t challenge the Goddess with baggage still left in my heart. Now that I had my memories back, I was filled with this feeling. My fight with Orm had been going on for two hundred years, and it had yet to end. I just wouldn’t be able to go into the final fight in such a half-finished situation. There were two people with the right to challenge her in the first place, and it would be weird for them both to move on without settling things with each other, wouldn’t it?</p>

      <p>“You understand my feelings, don’t you, Benet?”</p>

      <p>There was silence, then a “Hmph.” Benet sullenly turned away.</p>

      <p>I was sure that she understood how Orm and I felt, because she’d been doing the exact same thing, wishing to settle the score with me for two hundred years.</p>

      <p>What I was about to do was all about my own ego. I was just going to clean up some baggage, some lingering regrets. That was it, just a boring errand. But to me, it was pretty important. Also, I just couldn’t leave him alone in the end, because this fight would be one with the right to challenge the Goddess on the line.</p>

      <p>A clever person would probably say that there didn’t have to only be one person with that right. A good person would say that it would be fine to share that right. A kind person would suggest working together. All of them would be correct, meaning I would be wrong. But even knowing that, I had no intention of being correct. In the end, I was a fool making a foolish choice. I knew that. The paths I always chose were never clever, good, or kind.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“It’s just my stubbornness... That’s all it is,” Orm said, smiling quietly.</p>

      <p>He knew he was wrong, but he was going to commit to that mistake.</p>

      <p>Determined, Orm strode past Saturnus, his mantle swaying. Saturnus reflexively grabbed a corner of that mantle, but she quickly gasped, coming to her senses and letting go. Not even Saturnus herself could correctly recognize all the emotions swirling within her at that moment. Rather, she didn’t want to know, because she knew the emotion would be far too disrespectful. So, Saturnus simply put on a mask, pretending to just be a loyal retainer. However, she was unable to contain all the overflowing emotions within her, and she made an entreating outburst. “Make sure...you come back alive...please. We need you...!”</p>

      <p>“Of course. That’s the plan. I am not going to go into the fight intending to die.”</p>

      <p>Orm kept his back facing Saturnus, so she couldn’t see the smile which the emotions she showed had brought to his face.</p>

      <p><em>“The devilfolk are puppets...” Dina may have said that, but maybe they shouldn’t all be written off. True, they’re just fakes whose bodies and very lives were given by the Goddess, but they have their own hearts. That was true of Terra, Luna, and Mercurius.</em></p>

      <p>Orm felt guilty about what he’d done to Mercurius. The poor devilfolk had been convinced that Orm had the key, but what he was holding was a fake. Even if it had been real, though, it was unlikely that Orm would have been able to make the devilfolk real flesh and blood. Only those connected to the Goddess could pull out its true power, meaning that it was only possible for Dina, her avatar, or Parthenos, the guardian of her sanctuary. However, Dina couldn’t risk exposing her betrayal to the Goddess, and Parthenos had always been the enemy of the devilfolk. In other words, Mercurius never had a chance.</p>

      <p><em>In the end, they’re all just puppets that can be turned into nothing but game pieces at the Goddess’s whim. It doesn’t matter if they die meaningless deaths.</em> That was what Orm always thought. <em>However... It might have been possible for not just Mercurius, but all the devilfolk who had died up until now, like Pluto and Jupiter, to have lived a different life.</em></p>

      <p><em>Mars would... Well, who cares about him, I guess.</em></p>

      <p>At any rate, there was only one—just one way to change the fate of the devilfolk. That was to force the Goddess, who had written this scenario, to change it. She would have to change the villains—the devilfolk—into something completely different. That was the only way. And while there was only a tiny chance of it—less than one in ten thousand—the only one who could accomplish this was Lufas Maphaahl.</p>

      <p>However, if Lufas Maphaahl were to be allowed to do as she pleased, there was the chance that the world would simply come to know fear of a different flavor: hers. So there was no way Orm could avoid this fight.</p>

      <p><em>Lufas Maphaahl should never have disappeared from this world, but she also can’t be allowed to run free. So, I will be the one to control her... I am an ouroboros. I cannot fight the Goddess directly. Even if I tried, this body would refuse to listen, since I was born as her agent. But if I defeat Lufas and can have her execute my will...</em></p>

      <p><em>At this point, Lufas has completed her revival. Given that, I’ll probably stand less than a ten percent chance of winning... But there would have been no point in defeating an incomplete Lufas to make her obey me either. I had to wait until now for the completely incomparable, truly strongest being to return. I think this is the first time since I was born that I’ve been the one challenging someone. Maybe those heroes who came to me in the past felt like this.</em></p>

      <p>While remembering the past, Orm took to the skies. The scenery passed by in a flash, and he arrived at a lone, deserted island as if led there. The island was about forty percent the size of humanity’s current territory. However, because of the fact that this area was prone to natural disasters, neither the humans nor the devilfolk had staked a claim on it. It was the perfect place to fight.</p>

      <p>Right when Orm landed, the Black-Winged King descended opposite him. Her expression was filled to overflowing with confidence, and she was completely different to when Orm had seen her last. Whether he liked it or not, Orm was forced to realize it. <em>I see. The time has finally come. Right now, I am undoubtedly facing the Star that Invites Death.</em></p>

      <p>“I’ve kept you waiting, Devil King. There’s no need for any useless conversation now. It’s time to settle a two-hundred-year-long dispute.”</p>

      <p>Lufas had on a gentle, seemingly peaceful smile as she lowered her arms. She took no stance and put up no guard. Her natural pose was her stance, as well as a show of her composure.</p>

      <p>“Yes... Let us settle things, Lufas Maphaahl!”</p>

      <p><em>Just as Lufas said, there’s no need for extraneous conversation. Only strength will speak in this place.</em></p>

      <p>Both of them had agreed that the next time they met would be the signal for battle, so the starting gong had already rung.</p>

      <p>Orm disappeared as he unleashed his right fist with all his might. In response, Lufas stuck out her index finger. The finger and Orm’s fist collided, and in an instant, the island around them was changed into a wasteland as the ocean was bounced outwards and came flooding back.</p>

      <h1>8</h1>

      <p>“WOOOAARAAAAGGGHHHH!!!”</p>

      <p><em>STRIKE, STRIKE, STRIKE, STRIKE!</em></p>

      <p>Orm lowered his stance, firmly planting himself on the ground as he threw out punch after punch while shouting at full volume. Each and every strike was deadly. As the word implied, each one was capable of causing death in a single blow. If even one of these extremely powerful blows landed, even a dragon would be blown apart.</p>

      <p>These weren’t simply normal attacks; each punch was packed to the gills with skills—those that increased stats, those that accelerated damage, those that pierced defenses, and those that countered other skills. They were by no means average punches. The blows that Orm put out measured in at a speed of six hundred million kilometers per hour, which was over Mach five hundred thousand. These measured numbers were so ridiculously large that this was now in the territory of a child’s play fight, but the reality was that this was just how fast this fight was happening. Not to mention, Orm was throwing out these blows like they were raindrops in a storm. Once again, none of his punches were weak; no living thing would survive them. But if that was the case, just what was the woman in front of him? Was she not a living thing? That might have been true. At the very least, she had surpassed the Goddess’s definition of the word.</p>

      <p>“Whew...”</p>

      <p><em>I can’t hit her!</em></p>

      <p>Lufas had yet to even twitch away from her natural stance. From a third-party standpoint, it would look like Orm was just one-sidedly attacking while Lufas simply stood there. Of course, there was no way a normal person’s point of view could even register Orm attacking at the speeds he was moving, so this theoretical third person would have to somehow be at a level high enough to be able to see them, which would be at least level 500. At that level, the person would be able to at least somehow understand that Orm was mounting some sort of awesome offensive.</p>

      <p>Lufas’s hair swayed, and the ground behind her was disappearing without anyone touching it, as if it were made of jelly and had been scooped away. Seeing that, any bystanders would be able to connect these aftereffects to Orm attacking, thus coming to understand that, though they were unable to see it, he was the one on the offense. However, Lufas, who wasn’t moving, had yet to suffer even a single scratch, and her composed smile had yet to fade.</p>

      <p>To spoil things early, she wasn’t actually completely motionless. She was both dodging and blocking. She was even parrying. It was just that the speed at which she was doing such things was so quick that it looked like she wasn’t moving at all.</p>

      <p>“I see you’re a slow starter. Or maybe you’re just trying a wait-and-see strategy?”</p>

      <p>Lufas smiled as she brought her right hand in front of Orm’s forehead. Then, she used her middle finger to flick at his brow. In modern parlance, it would be a forehead flick. With just that, Orm’s body instantly disappeared from the face of Mizgarz, and a nearby loitering asteroid crumbled to space dust. At basically the same time, a crater appeared on the face of the planet past the asteroid, and Orm’s point of view changed from the familiar Mizgarz to an infinitely stretching space. Shocked, he desperately tried to catch up with what had happened. <em>I was...sent flying? This far, with just that one attack?!</em></p>

      <p>While Orm was busy with his shock, he received a telepathic link that didn’t need to go through air.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong? This is basically just a greeting, you know?”</p>

      <p>When Orm hurriedly stood up, he saw Lufas standing calmly on this weightless world, having caught up at some point before Orm was able to notice.</p>

      <p>This was common sense that anyone would know and thus doesn’t really need to be repeated here, but space was an environment that wasn’t survivable for living things. As a species that made its home at a higher altitude than others, the heaven-winged tended to have large lung capacities that made it harder to fall to oxygen deficiency. They were able to survive on less oxygen than other races and hold more air in their lungs, but that by no means meant that they were able to survive without any oxygen at all. However, Lufas had approached Orm at this place while utterly calm, as if there was nothing wrong with their surroundings other than the fact that it was dark.</p>

      <p><em>She’s not breathing, because there’s no air around, but... What a monster. I probably shouldn’t hope that she suffocates here. </em>Orm wouldn’t have been surprised in the slightest even if she managed to spend an entire twenty-four hours active while not breathing. That was just the type of thing the woman named Lufas was capable of.</p>

      <p>After a moment of silence, Orm came out with, “I see. Well done. You’re completely different from before.”</p>

      <p>“If you understand what happened to you, then bring your best, Dragon of the Moon. You’ll regret it if you fall without ever having brought out your fullest.”</p>

      <p>“I suppose I should take you up on your offer then.”</p>

      <p>Normally, Orm had his power sealed under his own will. He shared this trait with Leon and the other Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, but Orm was on another dimension of scale. His true form was that of an ouroboros, those tasked with representing the Goddess of Creation.</p>

      <p>Orm’s body lost its previous definition and started to change at absurd speeds. He grew to over 123,000 kilometers long, and his snout alone was larger than the mountain Vanaheim was perched on. Each and every one of his fangs was larger than Leon or the Dragon King, such was the absurdity of his size.</p>

      <p>Battles were not just a measure of size, especially in this ridiculous world. Seeing the smaller completely overwhelm the larger was not a rare sight in this world. In fact, that sight happened everywhere. However, there was a limit to that. Being bigger didn’t necessarily mean better, but if the scale was too different, then it could never be considered a fight in the first place. This wasn’t just the difference between a person and an ant; it was the difference between a person and a microbe, the difference between a person and a god.</p>

      <p>MizgarzOrm. This was his true form, that of a dreadful agent of divinity from old myth. His body was completely covered in black scales, each of which was large enough for Aries to ride on in his monster form, to give some sense of how impossible his scale was.</p>

      <p>However, even at that size, Orm never lost sight of Lufas. His shining, golden eyes properly captured the form of Lufas, his small but undoubtedly formidable enemy.</p>

      <p>“As expected, just stunning. So that’s your true form.”</p>

      <p>“It is.”</p>

      <p>Orm opened his mouth, instantly unleashing a beam of destructive light that swallowed everything in sight. It could only be described as the judgment of divinity, something that no living thing could fight against.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>