<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_7">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>I can probably leave all of that to them... </em>Lufas firmly believed this, as memories from the past brought an unbidden laugh to her lips. <em>It might be nice to go drinking with them again after this fight is over.</em></p>

      <p>Lufas deployed an Exgate to retrieve two swords from Maphaahl Tower, which she then promptly threw towards Levia—or rather Alioth, who was on top of Levia—who was near the Ark.</p>

      <p>“It’s a farewell gift. Take it!” Lufas called.</p>

      <p>“Sorry,” said Alioth, “and thanks!”</p>

      <p>When summoned, members of the argonautai appeared with the weapons they had in life, which were manifested by the mana used to summon them. In the end, however, they were just recreations, not the real thing. <em>We’re about to step into the final battle. It wouldn’t do for the Sword King to not have a fitting weapon to his name. Well, that would also be within Alioth’s character, but this will be his first battle with him fully revived. I’d like for him to contribute something. </em>With that thought, Lufas did not hold back and freely gave from her collection, all because she believed that Alioth would be able to make full use of what she gave him.</p>

      <p>“I’ll go for the Ouroboros of Wood. I have a score to settle,” Pollux said.</p>

      <p>“If Pollux is going then so am I,” Castor declared.</p>

      <p>The fairy twins, Pollux and Castor, both volunteered to fight the Ouroboros of Wood. To them, the Ouroboros of Wood was their originator and their parent. Neither of them would allow this fight to go to someone else, which showed in the strength and conviction of their gazes.</p>

      <p>“Pollux.”</p>

      <p>Lufas tossed a single ring to her. It was the divine artifact Chronos that had basically fallen into Lufas’s lap before. This was a relic that slowed down the time of the user’s surroundings to achieve what amounted to stopping time, but in exchange, the user would take a recoil effect equivalent to the time difference experienced this way. It was a flawed product. However, Pollux was a fairy princess who had existed for hundreds of thousands of years without particularly aging, so she would be able to take this recoil without much consequence. She had no actual life span as a fairy in the first place. In other words, she could use the ring as if there were no risk at all.</p>

      <p>On top of that, Lufas had adjusted the ring a little. Before, the ring would affect the entire world with the slowing debuff, but if it did that, it would affect Lufas’s friends negatively too. So she omitted that feature and set it so that the ring would instead only raise the wearer’s speed.</p>

      <p>“Take it. From now on, we will all be fighting in compressed time. If you don’t have that, you won’t be able to keep up,” Lufas explained.</p>

      <p>“You’re right...” Pollux trailed off. “Thank you. I’ll use it carefully.”</p>

      <p>Pollux’s physical stats were no different from those of an average warrior, which meant she would not be able to keep up with the battle that was about to happen at all. That didn’t just mean she wouldn’t be able to keep up in the sense of being able to contribute to the fight; she wouldn’t even be able to see the fight happening. As she was, it would be entirely possible for people to have died before she would resummon heroic spirits. In order for her to be able to participate in the upcoming battle, the ring would be indispensable for her.</p>

      <p>If Pollux was going to take on the Wood ouroboros, then someone would be needed to face the Earth ouroboros. Leon and Aries were the first to volunteer for that.</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll take the Ouroboros of Earth. I’ll kill that bastard who thinks he’s stronger than me,” Leon said.</p>

      <p>“I...” Aries paused. “Then I’ll go with the Ouroboros of Earth too.”</p>

      <p>“Then M E will join the fight with the Ouroboros of Wood. Pollux will need a wall,” said Karkinos.</p>

      <p>“Virgo, we’re going with the Ouroboros of Earth,” said Parthenos. “Aries aside, I can see our loss on the horizon with this idiot lion charging in without any healing.”</p>

      <p>“O-Okay, gran,” Virgo agreed.</p>

      <p>“Who’re you calling an idiot lion?!” yelled Leon.</p>

      <p>“We have a bad affinity with the Ouroboros of Earth, so We shall join the Wood team,” said Pisces.</p>

      <p>“Me too,” Aigokeros said.</p>

      <p>Following them, Karkinos, Pisces, and Aigokeros all joined up on the Wood ouroboros, while Virgo and Parthenos volunteered to fight the Ouroboros of Earth.</p>

      <p>“I’ll join the fight with the Ouroboros of Wood,” said Sagittarius. “They’ll probably need a supporter.”</p>

      <p>“I’m going to destroy the Ouroboros of Earth,” Taurus said.</p>

      <p>“Our affinity isn’t the best...” Aquarius hesitated. “But I should at least be able to play support. I’ll go with the Earth team.”</p>

      <p>Lastly, Sagittarius joined the Wood team while Taurus and Aquarius chose the Earth ouroboros. The teams had been formed without any input from Lufas.</p>

      <p>The argonautai also split up according to their own decisions, forming four teams that would be going to help different fronts. Upon closer inspection, Lufas noticed that Fenix and Hydras were also present, though they should have been left at the seal. Apparently, they’d hurried and chased after the ouroboros after he had woken up.</p>

      <p>“I will go with my father. Luna, return to the ship,” said Terra.</p>

      <p>Luna was shocked. “Sir Terra, I too—”</p>

      <p>“No. This time, the battle will be too harsh for you.”</p>

      <p>It looked like Terra intended to join Orm. Terra aside though, Luna would be completely useless in this fight, and Terra wouldn’t have the leeway to protect her this time either. Luna probably knew that herself, but even if she did, it was hard for her to stay somewhere safe while Terra went off into dangerous territory alone.</p>

      <p>Terra embraced Luna tightly as he whispered to her, “Don’t worry. I’ll definitely be back... I won’t leave you alone.”</p>

      <p>Luna paused for a moment, then said, “It’s a promise.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it’s a promise. Also... There’s something I want to tell you after this is over.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, stop that! You’re raising a huge death flag doing that,” Lufas boorishly chimed in to the hugging couple.</p>

      <p>There weren’t many who would actually return after hugging their loved one and promising such before a final battle. Most times they died. It seemed like Pollux had a bad feeling about something, as she was silent for some time. She didn’t quite understand the concept of a death flag, but even so, she had experience sending many heroes off to their deaths. She probably instinctively felt that people like that tended to die. That was why she silently summoned a single heroic spirit and assigned him to Terra.</p>

      <p>The spirit’s name was Pegasus, and it was one of the monsters that Lufas had raised. It wasn’t powerful enough to be one of the Twelve Stars, but it possessed high combat power and the ability to fly. It could even break through the planet’s atmosphere and then reenter it on its own. What was especially noteworthy was its unique ability to protect its rider, even from the perils of the vacuum of space. It paled in direct combat capability to the Twelve Stars, but it was more than worthy of being hailed as the best mount.</p>

      <p>“Terra, take that pegasus with you,” Pollux told him.</p>

      <p>“Hmm? But is its strength not precious to you...?”</p>

      <p>“I have other heroic spirits. More importantly, I can feel something dangerous about you.” After a pause, Pollux continued. “You’re going to return, aren’t you? Then take that child with you. It will surely be of use.”</p>

      <p>After some thought, Terra decided to follow Pollux’s suggestion. “Sorry. I owe you.”</p>

      <p>Pegasus flew off after Terra got on, and as she saw him off, Lufas suddenly met eyes with Scorpius, who had stayed behind. Lufas considered her for a moment, then asked, “You’re not leaving?”</p>

      <p>“My battlefield lies wherever you are,” said Scorpius.</p>

      <p>Lufas said nothing in reply, remaining silent for a long while. <em>It’s the final battle, and yet, she never changes, does she? </em>Feeling faintly impressed, Lufas decided to let it go as she looked up at the sky. <em>Now all that’s left is to believe that all of my friends will return safely.</em></p>

      <h1>13</h1>

      <p>The entirety of Mizgarz was experiencing abnormal weather patterns. The massive forms of the ouroboroses covered the sky, making it seem as if they’d eaten the sun and the moon. The earth split, entire oceans dried up, and mountains fell. Lightning fell without pause, and an out-of-season blizzard blew all over the world. It was truly the end of days. Divinity and monsters were waging all-out war, and the world was in its twilight age, with all sorts of life disappearing from its face.</p>

      <p>This was the day the world would end.</p>

      <p>“Oohhh... It’s Fimbulwinter... It’s the end of the world!”</p>

      <p>In the Ark, people were crowded into churches to pray. However, there was no meaning to their actions. After all, they were praying to the enemy. The priests shouted in a panic, and the Ark was filled with a dark mood.</p>

      <p>Sei was also in the Ark, clutching his head. He was currently in the center of the Ark, in the main control room. There were also several halflings inside working diligently, and the situation of the entirety of the Ark’s innards was being broadcast to the room, thanks to modern Japan’s camera technology.</p>

      <p>Sei stood in a section of that room along with the rulers of each country and the other heroes, surrounded by cameras as if he were just about to go live. <em>What the hell am I supposed to even do?</em> Lufas had told him that she wanted him to calm and persuade the people.</p>

      <p>After a moment of contemplation, Sei said, “No, this has got to be impossible. Who the hell would feel even an ounce of relief from the words of someone like me?”</p>

      <p>“What a pathetic little brat you are. I have no idea why Maphaahl rates you so highly,” Benetnasch said, harshly criticizing Sei, who was in the middle of a crisis of confidence, as she looked around at the halflings.</p>

      <p>“That’s what I want to know too...” Sei admitted.</p>

      <p>Once Benetnasch had glanced at them, the halflings seemed to have understood something and flipped a switch, triggering images to appear over each city’s airspace. Though it was strange to say that about air in a ship, this one was big enough to basically contain an entire world in it, so it was fairly close to an artificial planet. So, going back to the use of airspace, these gigantic screens reflected the scene the cameras were pointing at—Benetnasch and the others.</p>

      <p>After confirming they were broadcasting, Benetnasch took up a mic and started to speak.</p>

      <p>“Can you all hear me, citizens of Mizgarz? I am the ruler of Mjolnir, Benetnasch. There’s no time, so I’ll start from the ending. Right now, all of you are not on Mizgarz, but a gigantic ark...basically a huge ship. All of humanity’s territories have been relocated onto this ark wholesale along with parts of Mizgarz’s surface. And about Mizgarz: the ouroboroses have started to move, and so, the world is ending.”</p>

      <p>The absurd truth that came out of Benetnasch’s mouth had people in a tizzy. In a word, it was hard to believe. After all, from their perspective, there had simply been a moment of strong wind, after which everything looked as usual. Yes, the innards of the Ark were, as far as regular people were concerned, basically the same as Mizgarz in respect to their towns and the ground around them. Thanks to Lufas’s overwhelmingly powerful but still-precise skills, humanity’s territories had basically been directly moved into the Ark with no damage or change at all. Even then, it was painfully obvious that something had happened, however. The people could also sense that, whatever it was, it was something that they couldn’t even fathom.</p>

      <p>“But there is nothing any of you need to do. Just shut up, and live your lives as usual. That’s all.”</p>

      <p>With that, Benetnasch stopped talking. Still, that should have been considered quite the effort for her. However, Benetnasch had unfortunately been born strong. She didn’t understand the plight of the weak. Though she had gotten a taste of what it was like to be the relatively weaker one, thanks to gaining a rival in Lufas, that didn’t change her fundamental bearing as a strong being. If there was an enemy, she would defeat them. If there was trouble, she would smash through it. There was never a single thought in her head of fear so crippling it could make her ball up. There was no way for Benetnasch to understand the fear and unease the people felt right now.</p>

      <p>“You can’t just say that!” Sei exclaimed. “Who would feel at ease with just that?!”</p>

      <p>“Huh? That’s more than enough, isn’t it?” asked Benet.</p>

      <p>“Not at all! There are so many better ways of putting it!”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch paused before saying, “Then you do it. I’m going on ahead.” Seeming fed up with it all as she spoke, Benetnasch simply left the Ark.</p>

      <p>After seeing her off, Megrez gave a strained laugh. <em>Now I get it. No wonder Lufas put Sei here. Calming people needs to be done by someone on the same level as them, someone who’s also weak. In other words, he’s the perfect person for the job. Not to mention that Benetnasch should have at least calmed the people of Mjolnir.</em></p>

      <p><em>Now then. It’s our turn next. </em>Megrez and the other Seven Heroes showed themselves on air. <em>This should be the most effective first move. The sight of those who should be dead, like Alioth and Dubhe, should give the people strength.</em></p>

      <p>“What’s up, you fools in Laevateinn! Do you know who I am? I’m the founder, Alioth.”</p>

      <p>“And I bear the burden of being the founder of Draupnir, Dubhe. Well, rather than founded, it was more like a bunch of beastfolk just gathered around and made a country on their own with me as the emperor though...”</p>

      <p>“You seriously gonna say that now?!”</p>

      <p>“I’m Phecda. My country was destroyed a while ago, though... Anyway, it looks like my citizens built this ark, so I guess there’s really no need for me to calm them down.”</p>

      <p>“Merak here. To all my people: I would appreciate it if you calmed down and listened for now.”</p>

      <p>Each of the heroes spoke in order to bring relief to the people of their country. Then, all eyes turned to Sei.</p>

      <p>Though it was just a small thought, Mizar didn’t speak. After all, he knew his people were actually burning with the fires of excitement at this event, and they had all chosen to remain in Blutgang to take part in the final fight. Dwarves were very bold, as it turned out.</p>

      <p>“Right now, Mizgarz is being assaulted by terrifying monsters...” Megrez said, pausing. “The ouroboroses. In order to confront this unprecedented terror, we have formed an alliance with Lufas Maphaahl and the Devil King. Now, allow me to introduce the young leader who made this alliance happen... He answered a summons from another world to appear here... The hero, Sei!”</p>

      <p>Megrez smoothly made an incredible introduction that had Sei’s eyes widening to their limits.</p>

      <p><em>Wait a second, aren’t I being treated like some incredibly important person? I’m pretty sure they just made it seem like I’m some amazing leader who brought the Seven Heroes, Lufas, the demihuman alliance, and the devilfolk all together...</em></p>

      <p>Sei looked at Megrez accusingly, but the elf simply smiled back. The nonsense that Megrez had spouted was supremely effective. The fact was that Lufas and the devilfolk, who had been synonymous with fear itself to the people in the ark, now shone in their hearts just as strongly as the light of hope as they carved the name of the hero who made this all possible into their hearts. The more cornered a person was, the more they wanted to cling to hope, and the more they needed an idol. What appeared before them was a hero’s name and the information of a great alliance, which shot through their hearts like an electric shock of hope.</p>

      <p>“The hero... The hero, Sei!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, thank you, hero!”</p>

      <p>“Hero! Oh, hero!”</p>

      <p>From there, several voices cried out in the respective capitals and townships. Those voices were of the ranger squad who had been traveling with Sei and his party until they’d met up with Lufas and gotten their hands on faster means of travel in the form of Tanaka or Suzuki, after which the ranger squad had been left behind. With their great work ethic, they spread out throughout the territories in order to steer the audience.</p>

      <p>A cheer was raised for the hero in various towns and capitals, and the Ark was filled with expectations for Sei. On the other side, the hero himself, Sei, found himself with no other choice but to laugh.</p>

      <p>Sei hesitated, then stuttered, “Uhhh... Umm... Nice to meet you, everyone. My name is Sei. I’m kind of the hero.”</p>

      <p>Sei took up the mic with a stiff expression and started off with a self-introduction. Apparently, his misfortunes would continue yet.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>The ouroboros representing mighty Earth howled before he moved out to bring the hammer of justice down on the fools who would defy divinity. However, he was suddenly stopped as he noticed something small right beneath his eyes. With Leon at the front, Aries, Taurus, Virgo, Parthenos, Aquarius, and Ganymedes—along with the three winged knights, Fenix, and Hydras, who had hurried to catch up—gathered to face down the ouroboros.</p>

      <p>Those who could assume a giant form had already done so, thus showing their will to fight. Taurus had also assumed his minotaur form, with its bull upper half and human lower half, and he had an ax in hand. Leon and the others were normally described as being large enough to reach the heavens. However, they now looked small as they challenged this ascendant dragon.</p>

      <p>“Tiny beings... You intend to fight me? Such impertinence!” The Ouroboros of Earth spoke as if he were growling.</p>

      <p>Though all he did was talk, it was enough to make the ground rumble and whip up storms. The ouroboroses were manifestations of greater nature. No matter how small their actions, each one would become a disaster. Speaking would lead to storms. Taking a breath would cause typhoons. Movement would stir earthquakes and tsunamis. If the group facing this primal force weren’t who they were, they probably wouldn’t even be able to stand.</p>

      <p>“I will flatten you in an instant...”</p>

      <p>The Earth ouroboros’s eyes glinted as space distorted.</p>

      <p>At the same time, Parthenos shouted, “He’s coming! Block it, Virgo!”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes! Vindemiatrix!”</p>

      <p>“Ten Thousand Times Gravity.”</p>

      <p>The ouroboros’s gathered mana became a wave of pure gravity, which spread out with the caster as its epicenter. The ground instantly caved in as if it had simply disappeared, and the shape of the entire planet changed. However, Virgo had barely managed to cast her mana dispersal in time, leaving only the space around the group untouched, as if it were an isolated plateau on a steep cliff.</p>

      <p>Aries, not understanding what had just happened, was steeped in confusion and dismay. “Th-The ground disappeared?!”</p>

      <p>“No, it’s not gone. It was just crushed,” Aquarius calmly explained.</p>

      <p>However, her expression was also grim. Though they had predicted this difference in power, they couldn’t help but tremble seeing this otherworldly power used in front of them. <em>The attack just now was probably not even close to his best. It was most likely something like a probing jab with the relative power of a light slap. For even that to be so strong... I see. No wonder they’re representatives of the Goddess. Their scale is just different.</em></p>

      <p>“Hmph. Though it was a spread-out attack, you still managed to defend against it... Then how about I make it one hundred thousand next?”</p>

      <p>The ouroboros opened his mouth and gathered pure gravity within it. It was going to be a bullet of pure gravity of such strength that it could crush the entire planet, and the ouroboros was going to use it on them. Faced with the ominous rumbling of this attack, there were no words that needed to be said. The group scattered. Parthenos and Virgo had been riding on top of Aries, so they only had to let themselves be carried.</p>

      <p>“Terra Graviton.”</p>

      <p>The ouroboros unleashed the ball of gravity, which approached Leon and the others as it shaved a furrow into the ground. If it were to hit them directly, they would not be able to withstand it, so everyone evaded the attack before going on the offensive.</p>

      <p>The first to do so was Leon. The Lion King kicked the air and rushed at the Earth ouroboros with fangs bared.</p>

      <p>The ouroboros paused. “Revolution Force.”</p>

      <p>The instant Leon tried to approach, though, he bounced off as if he had been bodily pushed away, surprising the Lion King. The dragon was protected by a repulsive force that not even Leon was able to break through easily, meaning no one could approach to attack. However, none of that mattered to Taurus as long as it was a skill.</p>

      <p>“Move. I’ll take care of it,” Taurus said.</p>

      <p>Having received Virgo’s buffs, Taurus’s speed was raised to the limit as he jumped out in front of Leon. Then, Taurus swung his gigantic ax, and the next moment, there was a sound of something breaking as the force barrier disappeared. Taking advantage of that opening, Aries, Aquarius, Fenix, and Hydras all simultaneously launched their attacks.</p>

      <p>“Mesarthim Version Three!”</p>

      <p>“Absolute Zero!”</p>

      <p>“Oceanus!”</p>

      <p>“Prometheus!”</p>

      <p>Four torrents of power impacted the ouroboros and exploded. The Earth ouroboros took the attack disinterestedly, but when he saw that several of the scales he prided himself on were burnt, his eyes narrowed. An ouroboros’s scales were not something that could easily be burnt or shattered. In fact, Prometheus, Oceanus, and Absolute Zero combined only managed to break one scale. However, Mesarthim alone had managed to burn away several scales.</p>

      <p>The Earth ouroboros took this in, finally saying, “I see. It seems one of you is a threat. Then allow me to crush you first.”</p>

      <p>The Ouroboros of Earth faced Aries, opened his mouth, and shot a cannonball of gravity without even taking any time to charge. Virgo reacted just in time, using Vindemiatrix to try to cancel out the attack, but the amount of mana concentrated within the gravity ball was too much. Of course, Vindemiatrix managed to take most of its power away, about ninety percent of it, in fact. However, assuming that attack had the power of one hundred thousand times gravity, even taking away ninety thousand times gravity would leave ten thousand times gravity to attack with.</p>

      <p>Aries reacted by using his body as a shield, so Virgo and Parthenos wouldn’t be affected, but that meant he took the full brunt of the gravity attack. <em>I can take this much... </em>Aries thought, before the Earth ouroboros once again opened his mouth. <em>Two attacks at once?! That’s way too fast!</em> Covering for Virgo had come back to bite him. From this position, the gravity attack would land before Virgo would be able to come forward and disperse the mana.</p>

      <p>The ouroboros was planning to squish all three of them at once.</p>

      <p>However, Leon resolutely stepped in just in time. “You bastard! Don’t you dare ignore me!”</p>

      <p>“I haven’t been.”</p>

      <p>Just as Leon jumped at the ouroboros, he turned to face Leon. Leon’s eyes went wide with surprise at the speed at which he changed targets as the space in his vision started to blur and waver under his control. Right afterwards, Leon felt an impact. Pure gravity powerful enough to collapse stars burst against Leon, and he was flung into the sky.</p>

      <p>The damage ceiling for a single attack was 99,999. Given that, it was impossible to defeat Leon in a single hit—or it should have been. However, this gravity wave did not dissipate after hitting Leon. Instead, it continued to deal damage without disappearing. While technically being a single attack, it would continue to deal damage as long as one didn’t get out of its gravity field, and it had enough power hidden within it to take Leon’s HP down to zero in but a moment.</p>

      <p>The pain rendered Leon unable to act for a moment, until he yelled out, “Goddammiiiittttt!”</p>

      <p>Leon somehow managed to fight his way out of the enhanced gravity and was unceremoniously dumped out onto the ground. There were no Observing Eye users around, but if there had been, they’d be able to see that the attack just now put Leon down to 50,000 HP, which was within range of an instant kill. Even without that skill, it was obvious to see that he had taken serious damage. Such a sight had the entire group sink into silence, in which the Earth ouroboros’s voice seemed all the larger.</p>

      <p>“I can assume you had some confidence in your ability. You thought you could win with enough numbers, didn’t you? How laughable! So you assumed we, who represent divinity, were so weak?! You shouldn’t underestimate us so much.”</p>

      <p>No one could argue against that voice, which seemed to make the entire area somehow heavier. Not to mention, Virgo couldn’t stop trembling. She was haunted by the fear that came with facing down the absolute might of an ouroboros. Such fear was slowly taking over the party.</p>

      <h1>14</h1>

      <p>“Everyone, gather up! We won’t stand a chance if you all fight separately!” Aquarius shouted to everyone. “Ganymedes, put me on top of the sheep! Taroose, you come too!”</p>

      <p>“It’s Taurus,” Taurus responded promptly, getting on top of Aries.</p>

      <p>Then, Ganymedes jumped onto Aries while holding Aquarius, with the three winged knights following soon after. Fenix and Hydras were a bit too large to get on top, so they simply formed up on Aries’s sides, glaring at the ouroboros who was looking down on them.</p>

      <p>“Listen well, everyone. It’s upsetting, but that bastard is on a whole different level. We won’t be able to win fighting separately like this. Luckily though, we have a way to fight him. Missy, your Vindemiatrix is—”</p>

      <p>“Giga-Graviton Rapid Fire!”</p>

      <p>Aquarius attempted to lay out a strategy for everyone, but the ouroboros wasn’t kind enough to let them carry out a strategy meeting in the middle of a battle. With no hesitation, the dragon rapidly fired bullets of gravity, which Aries desperately tried to avoid. Each bullet was not as powerful as the Terra Graviton that had nearly killed Leon. However, there were many more of them in exchange. The bullets of gravity rained down like machine-gun fire, gouging out pieces of ground and changing the shape of the planet strangely. It was as if a child were scooping out mud balls from the planet from above with a spoon.</p>

      <p>Even though the bullets were weaker, they were still a threat to Aries and the others. Now that Lufas had fully regained her power, everyone’s level was 1000. Naturally, their defensive stats and HP were also raised. Even so, they would most likely be rendered immobile after taking just three bullets.</p>

      <p>“Asshole! At least wait until we’re done strategizing!” Aquarius fiercely heckled the Earth ouroboros, but it didn’t seem to have any effect.</p>

      <p>“Why would I?” the ouroboros asked.</p>

      <p>Aquarius gave a small click of her tongue before continuing on with what she had been saying. “Anyway, Missy here can at least cancel out that thing’s attacks, and my skill can allow us to dodge everything but those that hit an area. Tarius is the only one who can pierce through its defenses, and this here sheep’s fire can damage it.”</p>

      <p>“It’s Taurus. Learn it already.”</p>

      <p>“I’m on evasion, and the Missy’s on defense. Meanwhile, Tarou and the sheep will go on the attack. Grilled chicken and the blue snake can just concentrate on support.”</p>

      <p>“I’m a phoenix!”</p>

      <p>“I’m a water dragon!”</p>

      <p>Taurus paused a moment before saying, “There’s no point in saying anything anymore...”</p>

      <p>Aquarius was actually trying to seriously give out instructions, but unfortunately, it just didn’t seem as serious as she meant it to be with her inability to remember names.</p>

      <p>Even so, the instructions themselves were on point. As long as they were all on Aries, they could keep defense and evasion to a minimum. Attacks flying at Aries would be sent aside by Aquarius’s skill, and anything that would hit anyway would be canceled out by Virgo. The ouroboros’s defenses would be broken down by Taurus, and Aries’s fire would apply damage. Fenix and Hydras, along with the three winged knights, would focus on supporting the others’ efforts, and they would be doing their job if the ouroboros were to be distracted even a little. Trying to defeat an opponent that could down Leon in a single attack separately would be impossible. They stood no chance unless they came together as one.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go... Sadachbia! Get in there, sheep!”</p>

      <p>With the absolute evasion buff from Aquarius, Aries started running through the air, flames sprouting from his hooves. In response, the ouroboros opened his mouth and spat out gravity bullet after gravity bullet. However, each and every one of those slipped past Aries without even grazing him. By the time the ouroboros had realized that this was the effect of a skill, Aries was already in front of him, with Taurus swinging his ax down on the ouroboros’s head.</p>

      <p>The strike of Aldebaran once again shattered the repulsive barrier, allowing Aries’s fire to hit. Then Aries slipped past and away before turning around and once again charging.</p>

      <p>“You impudent...” the Earth ouroboros muttered somewhat irritably, as he once again launched gravity bullets out of his mouth.</p>

      <p>Unlike before, these bullets started to absorb objects in the surroundings. The bullets from before had basically been pure gravitic pressure—in other words, compressed gravity meant to squash enemies. On the other hand, what the ouroboros just shot was gravitational pull. These bullets pulled in and crushed things in the surroundings, and they were unavoidable, meaning this was an absolute-accuracy skill.</p>

      <p>“Did you think an absolute-accuracy skill could pull one over on me?!” Aquarius shouted. “Don’t think so! Skill: Albali!”</p>

      <p>Ganymedes took a stance with the pitcher, and the girl coming out of it retreated inside. At the same time, Aquarius started sucking in the gravitational-pull bullets towards her before swallowing them all, ignoring the size difference. Then, she reflected them back. The bullets of gravitational pull were unexpectedly shot straight back at the ouroboros, stopping his movements momentarily.</p>

      <p>In that moment, Aries charged in, once again unleashing his god-killing flames. The ouroboros gasped in surprise.</p>

      <p>“Did you think absorption was something unique to you? Ha! Too naive!”</p>

      <p>The Ouroboros of Earth didn’t reply, instead opting to release a wave of gravity that spread all around him. It was an attack that couldn’t be avoided, couldn’t be absorbed, and couldn’t be reflected. However, it was instead erased by Virgo’s skill, allowing Aries to run through a small gap where the wave had disappeared.</p>

      <p>Taurus once again destroyed the repulsive barrier, allowing Aries to burn the ouroboros, after which the remaining fighters all piled on.</p>

      <p>“Now, aim for where the scales are burned!” ordered Aquarius.</p>

      <p>“Understood!” said Fenix. “Let’s go, Hydras!”</p>

      <p>“You got it!”</p>

      <p>Having received orders to attack from Aquarius, Fenix and Hydras opened their mouths. They proceeded to rapidly fire bullets of fire and water from their mouths, concentrating on the area where Aries had burned off the ouroboros’s scales. Then the three winged knights—Pavo, Apse, and Korbus—jumped into the mix, aiming slashes at the ouroboros’s eyes in order to steal its sight. When it came to beings as strong as an ouroboros, even their eyes would be unbelievably tough, but even then, it was possible to block their sight for a few moments.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Aries had approached Leon, allowing Virgo to apply healing to him. The wave of gravity the ouroboros had just unleashed had unfortunately brought Leon to the brink of death, but now he would most likely be able to rejoin the fight.</p>

      <p>However, the Ouroboros of Earth had yet to feel even a little shaken. Of course not. He had yet to become serious in this fight, but he would now.</p>

      <p>“Fine. Time to start putting my back into it.”</p>

      <p>With that, the Earth ouroboros sucked Aries towards himself. Though Aries managed to dig his heels into the ground, he was being slowly pulled in. Fenix and Hydras were also trying not to get sucked in, and Virgo was holding on to Parthenos while desperately trying not to let either of them fall off Aries.</p>

      <p>However, a meteor appeared in empty space and fell on them as if to sneer at such efforts. The Earth ouroboros itself had become a well of gravity, calling down meteors from space.</p>

      <p>“Oh crap! Dodge, sheep!”</p>

      <p>Aries desperately ran, dodging the falling meteors. One after the other, the meteorites struck Mizgarz, raising pillars of fire all over the place. Clods of dirt that were thrown up into the air started to fall down again like rain, and it seemed like the entirety of Mizgarz had become enveloped in magma.</p>

      <p>Just like that, Mizgarz was no longer inhabitable.</p>

      <p>Aries had managed to evade all the incoming meteors without dropping his speed, but then, a shadow fell on a large area of Mizgarz. Everyone’s face paled. It was a meteor that measured several kilometers in diameter. All the other ones up until now had only been up to several tens of meters in diameter at the most, and even those held enough destructive power in them to decimate scores of square kilometers. This time, though, the scale was through the roof. If something like that impacted Mizgarz, the planet itself might break.</p>

      <p><em>D-Damn it all...</em> In the midst of this tough situation, Aries caught on to something. <em>The ouroboroses</em>—<em>no, the Goddess herself</em>—<em>never cared about any damage to the planet.</em></p>

      <p>Up until now, Aries had held a faint hope that this wasn’t the case. It was a faint, shameful piece of hope that they might be concerned for the state of the planet and be unable to go all out. Except Aries now knew that they held no such emotions. That was why Lufas had evacuated as many living things as possible. It had been a forced move, but she was correct.</p>

      <p>“SH-SHOOT IT DOOOOOOWWWNNNN!” Aquarius’s command was almost a cry, and it echoed throughout the area as any who could attack the falling rock did so.</p>

      <p>Aries had his hands full with dodging, but Aquarius, who was on top of him, was free to attack. The three winged knights also took flight at the same time to slash at the incoming meteor, while Fenix, Hydras, and Leon all looked up.</p>

      <p>“Tch! Hydras!”</p>

      <p>“I know!”</p>

      <p>Fenix and Hydras launched the most powerful streams of fire and water from their mouths they could in an attempt to intercept the meteor. Those torrents mixed in with the spell Aquarius had cast and Leon’s roar, impacting the giant meteor that was falling and breaking it to pieces, which made it seem like the very sky was crashing down on them. The broken meteor became countless smaller fragments and rained down, forcing Fenix, among others, to shoot down any coming at them. They weren’t able to intercept everything, but any amount they did manage to remove lessened Aries’s group’s burden.</p>

      <p>“Graviton Wave.”</p>

      <p>The Earth ouroboros determined this to be an eyesore, however. After a moment, he opened his mouth to give form to an invisible bombardment of force that could be described as a wave of gravity, which swiped past Fenix. When the wave passed, there was no one in front of Fenix. Hydras, who had been there just a moment ago, was gone without a trace. This disappearance was so sudden it was almost uneventful—Hydras probably hadn’t even realized what had happened.</p>

      <p>“H-Hydras...? H-Hey, where did you go...? Hydras...?”</p>

      <p>Fenix was in shock, calling out to his partner of many squabbles who had so suddenly disappeared. However, he only lost himself for a moment. In the next instant, it all turned into a burning rage.</p>

      <p>After a pause, Fenix screamed, “YOOOOUUUUU FUUUUUCCCCKKK!!! YOU! IT WAS YOU!”</p>

      <p>“Calm down, you piece of grilled chicken!” Aquarius said. “You’re playing directly into his hand!”</p>

      <p>Fenix had become totally enveloped in fire, and he charged at the Earth ouroboros, heedless of Aquarius’s warnings. There was no way such a simple head-on attack would work against the Ouroboros of Earth, though, and the charge ended with only a single crack in one of its scales.</p>

      <p>The Earth ouroboros’s counterattack erased Fenix’s entire right side. The phoenix still tried to move while spitting furious obscenities, but the second attack put an end to that, as Fenix was completely gone. Though it was said phoenixes couldn’t die, not even a phoenix could survive being completely disintegrated.</p>

      <p>“Fenix! Hydras!” called Aries.</p>

      <p>“There’s no time to grieve, sheep! My skill can’t keep up,” admitted Aquarius. “Focus on dodging!”</p>

      <p>Aries ran through the sky, still desperately weaving his way through the storm of meteorites. Normally, dodging this storm would be easy, but right now, the Earth ouroboros was drawing everything towards him. Aries was unable to move with even a tenth of his normal agility.</p>

      <p>Aquarius was also not just giving out orders. She was casting her absolute evasion skill over and over; that was how they were barely keeping up the status quo. The meteorites were coming down in such quick succession that the skill’s buff would disappear almost immediately. Aquarius couldn’t keep up. Aries’s dulled movements were fatal to the Twelve Stars but a perfect chance for the enemy.</p>

      <p>The three winged knights disappeared, unable to continuously dodge the rain of meteorites, further reducing their numbers.</p>

      <p>The Earth ouroboros opened his mouth, aimed at Aries— Then, a spray of blood.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>In a different area from Aries and his group, Pollux’s group was also having a hard fight as they faced the Ouroboros of Wood. In Pollux’s camp were the aforementioned fairy twins, Aigokeros, Pisces, Karkinos, and Sagittarius. They also had the backup of the <em>Argo</em> and the heroic spirits available for Pollux to call on.</p>

      <p>Even then, the battle was not looking good for them. In fact, they were clearly backed into a corner. On top of the ouroboros’s defenses being far too strong for them, he would immediately heal any damage done. The ouroboroses were beings who watched over the balance of the world, so it only followed that the world would take their side. Thanks to that ability, Pollux was able to enjoy infinite SP.</p>

      <p>Logically, Pollux’s originator would also boast such an ability, and any amount of damage dealt that wasn’t high enough might as well not have existed at all. Getting that damage in was already hard enough, but even after all that, the damage would just disappear. Put lightly, it was basically cheating.</p>

      <p>“This is terrible... Who could have known that the Wood ouroboros, who was our creator, was this...” Pollux bit her lip in frustration.</p>

      <p>She’d been prepared for a hard fight; she knew there was no way it would be easy. However, there was still something she’d failed to predict. <em>Yeah, I know. Who would even have been able to predict something like this? Who could have known that our originator, the Ouroboros of Wood, would be this...</em></p>

      <p>“Hueee hue hue hue hue hue! This is fun! Look, look! What’s wrong? Done already? You’re all rather dull for ones who challenged me so energetically. How pathetic. See here, you can all feel free to attack me some more, you know? I won’t hit back, I swear. Look! Don’t you want to just punch this old man’s face? Hmm? Right here!”</p>

      <p>“THIS MUCH OF AN IRRITATING OLD ASSHOLE!” Pollux finished after a pause.</p>

      <p>“Hue hue hue hue hue. Aw, you look so annoyed! I bet it must suck to be you!”</p>

      <p>The Ouroboros of Wood happened to have a personality completely at odds with what Pollux had imagined. Since he was supposed to be a representative of divinity, she’d expected him to be more replete with dignity, sterner than he really was. <em>True, it was all just my imagination. I admit that I was pushing my own selfish imagination onto him. But even setting that aside, couldn’t this thing’s personality have been even a little better?</em></p>

      <p>As if to cut her thoughts off (well, he actually did cut her thoughts off), the Wood ouroboros shook its head side to side and stuck out its tongue. Even putting it mildly, this action was irritating.</p>

      <p>“Fine, have it your way! Come, spirits. Concentrate fire!” Pollux shouted angrily as she summoned even more heroic spirits.</p>

      <p><em>If we’re faced with the highest quality, we can just use the most numbers!</em></p>

      <p>Countless heroic spirits flew in front of her, all activating their skills at once. There were enough of them to blot out the sky, as lights of all different colors flashed through the air and hit the Wood ouroboros, but it didn’t stop there. The <em>Argo</em> fired its cannons as Sagittarius, Aigokeros, Pisces, and Castor all cast magic as well. Meanwhile, the crab, who couldn’t use magic, clacked his scissors menacingly. This was the final battle, but as always, he was rather useless.</p>

      <p>A pillar of fire rose up high enough to pierce the heavens, and a landmass the size of Africa, in modern Earth terms, was erased from the face of the planet. However, once everything cleared up, it was clear to see that the Wood ouroboros was unchanged.</p>

      <p>“How fun! That was a great massage, wasn’t it? Here, can you do my back next? I just woke up, so I’m stiff all over...” He was quiet for a moment. “Ah, wait, was that supposed to be an attack just now? Sorry, that must have been insulting to you!”</p>

      <p>Pollux let out a wordless scream of frustration, and because of all the irritation, she felt her expression warp into something that shouldn’t have been shown to anyone. She proceeded to summon even more heroic spirits in an attempt to use the power of numbers to take down the Wood ouroboros, making them fire their skills rapidly. However, she was assaulted by an unprecedented sense of lethargy at that moment, and she dropped to her knees on the <em>Argo</em>.</p>

      <p>Unable to process what had happened for a while, Pollux let a “Huh?” finally leak out.</p>

      <p>She was able to use her hands to catch herself, so she wouldn’t fall completely, but she couldn’t put much strength into her arms either. <em>My arms are shaking. I can’t stand up. My vision is getting blurry, and I’m sweating hard. What... What happened? </em>Pollux was unable to understand what just happened to her, and she simply wallowed in confusion while listing the various symptoms she was feeling.</p>

      <p>Sensing her abnormal state, Castor rushed over to check her for wounds, but there were none to be found. She also hadn’t been poisoned. Neither of them could think of a cause for this, so the Wood ouroboros kindly gave them an answer.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, that was faster than I expected. Well, you did a good job.”</p>

      <p>“Wh-What...did you do?” Pollux asked.</p>

      <p>“I didn’t do anything. You just used too much of your power and fell on your own. Basically, you’re out of SP.”</p>

      <p>Out of SP. Something that would definitely happen at least once to those who spent their lives in combat, and it was something that, up until now, Pollux had never needed to worry about. As the fairy princess and as the avatar of an ouroboros, the world backed her up, giving her infinite SP, so she’d never had her SP run dry. It was impossible.</p>

      <p>“I-I ran out of SP...? No...”</p>

      <p>“Looks like you’ve finally realized. That’s right. You had infinite SP, because you were my avatar... But now, you’ve made an enemy of me. You are no longer being supported by the world.”</p>

      <p>Surprised, Pollux was unable to form a response.</p>

      <p>“Though I’m somewhat in the same boat now. With the world like this, any support it can give is...limited.”</p>

      <p>As payment for its being such a strong ability, Argonautai required a terribly inefficient amount of SP. The reason why Pollux had been able to use it in such a cavalier manner up until now was thanks to her unlimited fuel. However, that was now stripped away from her, and if she continued to use it without thought, she would be drained dry.</p>

      <p><em>If only I’d given it even a little bit of thought, I would have seen this coming. I </em>should <em>have seen this coming. </em>Pollux cursed her own carelessness, ashamed at having it rear its head during this final battle.</p>

      <p>Given her mental state, the Wood ouroboros chose to speak kindly to her instead of trying to deal another emotional blow. “This is far enough, isn’t it? Haven’t you seen the difference in our power?”</p>

      <p>Pollux raised her head and glared firmly at the Wood ouroboros. An ouroboros wasn’t something you could do something about just by glaring at it, but she wanted to at least show that her will was not broken. <em>Yeah, I understand the difference. What of it? Are you asking us to give up and die quietly?</em></p>

      <p>However, what came out of the Wood ouroboros’s mouth next was utterly unexpected by Pollux.</p>

      <p>“You can still make it if you start now. Stop fighting and beg the Goddess for forgiveness. If you do, I’m sure she will. I’ll come apologize with you... My child, why don’t you stop this late rebellious phase already?”</p>

      <p>It was as if the ouroboros was talking to a particularly stubborn child. Rather, it was as if the ouroboros was scolding one. The Wood ouroboros even managed to sound kind as he made that declaration to Pollux.</p>

      <h1>15</h1>

      <p>“Of all the things you could say at this point... I refuse, of course. Why would I bother coming all this way against you if I were to just bow out here?!”</p>

      <p>Pollux spurned the Wood ouroboros’s offer, taking out a small bottle from her pocket. It was an SP recovery item that she’d never thought she’d use named “Mana Drink F.”</p>

      <p>There were three types of these potions, so named from least to most effective: Mana Drink, Mana Drink S, and Mana Drink F. The strongest version had the effect of fully recovering the imbiber’s SP, and Pollux had always kept one on her for emergencies. The fact that the final battle was when an SP recovery item finally made its appearance should show just how much SP Lufas and her associates had. Though to Pollux, this insurance potion was more for others than herself, so she’d never thought she would have to drink it.</p>

      <p>Having downed the drink in one gulp, Pollux stood up. She’d recovered her SP, but that didn’t stop the argonautai from being incredibly SP inefficient. If she tried to summon even ten heroic spirits, she would instantly run dry. It wasn’t as if they didn’t have the recovery items to compensate. In fact, their stores were bursting at the seams. Maphaahl Tower, which, even at the end of the world, still stood tall, was packed full of items. The <em>Argo</em> was also stocked with HP and status recovery items in preparation for the final fight. However, no one had expected Pollux to need SP recovery items. As long as she didn’t die, she could summon heroic spirits infinitely, who came with full HP and SP every time they were resummoned. None of anyone’s plans for battle had included having to recover Pollux’s SP. After all, she hadn’t needed any up until now. The fact that Pollux still carried one in spite of all this was a testament to her prudence. Her personality had finally borne fruit, but there would be no next time.</p>

      <p>The situation was overwhelmingly dire. Still, they weren’t allowed to just give up.</p>

      <p>“I want to deceive the world no longer. I don’t want to constantly betray people. I’m done with sending beloved children to their deaths over and over. Even if there’s a slim chance of winning, I will continue to fight.”</p>

      <p>“I understand how you feel. The Goddess has forced you into a difficult role, but even so...” The Wood ouroboros snorted. Such a simple action was enough to whip up typhoon-speed winds, which shaved away at the face of the earth. “Even so, you need to stop. There is nothing but death past this fight. No one can defeat the Goddess.”</p>

      <p>Pollux said nothing in reply.</p>

      <p>“This is the final line. There is no need to continue a fight that you know ends in death.”</p>

      <p>After hearing what the Wood ouroboros had to say, Pollux closed her eyes. The first thing she thought of was the sight of the backs of all the heroes who had gone off to their deaths, believing in hope. They were all people who’d been sent there by her. Up until now, she’d sent so many to their deaths, and now, it was Pollux’s turn. <em>What goes around comes around... </em>With that thought, Pollux couldn’t suppress a laugh.</p>

      <p>“What a foolish question. All this time, I’ve done nothing but send people to their deaths like this. So when the time comes for me, why should I be the one to run? Don’t joke with me. If I were to pull out here, I wouldn’t be able to face all those children in the afterlife!”</p>

      <p>“Even if you know you cannot win?”</p>

      <p>Seeing Pollux look straight at him with determined eyes, the Wood ouroboros could only look back at her with pity. However, his sight was quickly cut off by the appearance of a goat demon.</p>

      <p>Aigokeros crossed his arms together as he floated in front of the Wood ouroboros. “Hey... I’ve been listening in on your little conversation, and you’re being quite rude to our lord, aren’t you? No one can defeat the Goddess, you say...? You make me laugh! Let me tell you this. Our lord can win against anyone and everyone! And as a loyal warrior, I will likewise not be defeated by any of the Goddess’s lackeys!”</p>

      <p>Aigokeros’s eyes glinted as the sky was covered in dark clouds. Then, he spread his arms wide and shouted out loud. “Gather unto me, dark power!”</p>

      <p>All the mana in Mizgarz responded to Aigokeros’s summons, swirling around him in a whirlpool. Aigokeros synchronized with that enormous amount of mana and rebuilt his body to a size that equaled that of the ouroboroses. Having grown to pierce through the stratosphere in an instant, the demon lord finally showed his full form as he grabbed the Wood ouroboros’s head.</p>

      <p>Not even the Wood ouroboros could hide his surprise at seeing this form, the smile stiffening on his face. Unlike Leon or the Dragon King, Aigokeros was never something that the Goddess had meant to give birth to. Just like Lufas, he was a giant error that had been born unexpectedly. That was why not even an ouroboros understood the full scope of his powers.</p>

      <p>“Amazing... So there are things to be grateful for in this long life.”</p>

      <p>“Playtime is over. Sink into despair, plaything of divinity.”</p>

      <p>Aigokeros slammed the Wood ouroboros’s head into the ground with all his strength. That one attack split Mizgarz’s ground, as a crack that almost divided the planet in two was formed. Aigokeros then lifted the ouroboros back up to punch him away with a tightly clenched fist.</p>

      <p>Seeing the ouroboros being flung away, Aigokeros gave chase. Grabbing a nearby moon with both hands, he slammed it down onto the Wood ouroboros’s head. Twice, then three times—the moon collapsed and disintegrated under the rough treatment of the demon lord before Aigokeros opened his mouth and a black ball of light concentrated within it. It was the same black light that had sent the aberrant god to a faraway planet.</p>

      <p>In response, the Wood ouroboros charged his own beam of lightning, and they both unleashed their attacks at the same time.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>