<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_4">
    <div class="main">
      <p>The surging light completely erased the comets and asteroids that were in its way, as it continued in a line. There were even chains of delayed blasts as stars exploded after the light passed by.</p>

      <p>However, the target of the beam, which had taken the full brunt of it, hadn’t disappeared. She was pushed back a mere several hundred kilometers, but her arms were still crossed while looking at Orm with a leisurely expression.</p>

      <p>“WWOOOAAAAGGHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>Lufas had taken little damage or possibly even no damage at all. However, Orm wasn’t shaken; he’d expected this. Orm had already known that she was at least this formidable. In fact, if she were to have fallen from just that attack, he would have felt let down. That was why Orm wasn’t all that shaken that his attack hadn’t worked.</p>

      <p>Instead, he swiftly moved on to his next attack. Every part of his body—like his scales, hands, legs, tails, and horns—all started to glow, and the next moment, he unleashed over a hundred lasers at once. Each and every laser dug into nearby stars and erased the various stone flotsam floating around in space as they raged about at the speed of light.</p>

      <p>The lasers changed angles, pointing straight towards Lufas. She started to evade, her arms still crossed in front of her, and all the lasers changed angles to chase her. A chain of explosions were whipped up, sending Lufas flying in the direction of Mars.</p>

      <p>Mizgarz’s solar system was a mirror version of Earth’s, so outside of Mizgarz taking Earth’s place, it was all the same. Therefore, there was also a moon and a sun, as well as Mars and Mercury.</p>

      <p>Just as Lufas made contact with Mars, Orm once again unleashed a beam of light from his mouth. The beam of light once again swallowed Lufas, but it had already been proven not to work.</p>

      <p><em>How about the secondary effects, though?</em></p>

      <p>The dragon’s destructive beam hit Mars’s core and caused it to swell, swallowing Lufas up in a gigantic explosion soon after. The final sparkle of a planet’s life, while not nearly comparable to a star’s supernova, still boasted an overwhelming amount of power and heat. While using his own body as a shield to protect Mizgarz from any aftereffects, Orm continued to watch the explosion without letting his guard down.</p>

      <p>“Losing sight of an enemy in an explosion...” Lufas trailed off. “That was a trope and kind of a losing flag in the battle manga my avatar liked.”</p>

      <p>At the same time Orm received that telepathic message, a shock ran through his head. He was attacked by something, and that something managed to break Orm’s scales, which were harder and tougher than anything else in the world, and draw blood. Then, there was another impact. Orm’s body was bounced back like a spring and sent adrift through space.</p>

      <p><em>What...? No, wait, there’s only one person who can do this. </em>That person—Lufas—didn’t even seem that hurt by the explosion of a planet. She seemed mostly unchanged from before as she looked down at Orm.</p>

      <p>“So...” Orm said telepathically. “Not even the explosion of a planet works.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t be so sad. That attack right now was a pretty good idea. It did actually do damage—not even I could take nothing from that—though that’s all it did. Even if you did that a hundred more times, my life wouldn’t be in danger.”</p>

      <p>Orm completely ignored his own form for a moment and thought, <em>You monster</em>,<em> </em>from the bottom of his heart.</p>

      <p>In front of him, Lufas slowly unfolded her arms and clenched her fists. While she’d been mostly passive up until now, she was finally going to fight for real. Orm was trying to keep his eye on her, but it seemed his wariness was meaningless. Lufas disappeared anyway, and Orm was blown away regardless of the size of his gargantuan body. <em>What kind of ridiculous monster is she?</em> Even with his size, which rivaled the stars in the sky, and his toughness, which surpassed them, Orm was easily punched away. From any standpoint, this should have been impossible.</p>

      <p><em>This woman... Can she seriously split a planet in two with just a single punch? </em>Orm took a split second to consider this. <em>She might. Yeah, she might. </em>With the difference in their physical strength being as large as it was, Orm’s size was now nothing but a disadvantage.</p>

      <p>Just imagine a flying mosquito in the middle of summer, except that instead of it being squished by the swat of a human, it doesn’t even budge. Instead, the human who swatted it goes flying. Wouldn’t that seem impossible? Would the human have any chance of winning in that situation? This was the same thing. Well, actually, the situation was even more hopeless.</p>

      <p>However, Orm had expected this much hardship from the start. He was here having known full well that this might happen.</p>

      <p>“Then... How about this?!”</p>

      <p>Orm started to orbit his huge body around Lufas. He opened his large mouth and bit onto his own tail, becoming a large, circular snake as he continued to rotate. Eventually, he managed to speed up past the speed of light, and he completely enveloped Lufas. Having passed the speed of light, whatever was on the inside of the encirclement was now cut off in time from the outside, and a second on the outside would be the equivalent to a day, a year, or even a hundred years on the inside. In short, Orm had become a prison of time.</p>

      <p>All the time that passed inside would turn its fangs on any occupants, forcing them to deteriorate as if an infinite amount of time had passed. It was similar to the jeweled box from the legend of Urashima Tarou, but it wasn’t anything as nice and easy as a fairy tale. The time that was attacking Lufas at the moment easily numbered somewhere in the tens of thousands of years. It was the unique skill “Ouroboros.”</p>

      <p><em>I’ve got her!</em> Orm was sure that even if this wouldn’t down Lufas, she would at least take a good amount of damage from it. Even Lufas was still technically a living being. Though her life span might have been long, and she may have been able to expand it with elixirs, it still wasn’t infinite. She would surely grow old, and even she wouldn’t be unscathed by bathing in these waves of pure time.</p>

      <p><em>Yes, that was the plan... But why...? Why is Lufas just laughing leisurely without any change?!</em></p>

      <p>“That was a good idea and a nice hidden trick. But I, too, am pretty confident in my hidden trick... Sorry, but I’ve taken the liberty of canceling yours out.”</p>

      <p>“Canceled out...?! No way. That’s impossible... The Goddess didn’t make any skill to do that...”</p>

      <p>“No. In her foolishness, she did, though she didn’t intend it to be used as such... Her own avatar gave me the skill.”</p>

      <p>Having been told that, Orm then realized. The time that should have been accelerating inside Orm’s encirclement wasn’t accelerating. In fact, the time was winding back.</p>

      <p><em>This skill... No way, that’s impossible! This isn’t Lufas’s skill. Dina should be the only one with this skill.</em></p>

      <p>“It’s Yed Posterior. It’s one of Dina’s unique skills that will stop time and then reverse it, eventually returning the target to before it was born.”</p>

      <p>Unique skills like that were fundamentally only possessed by one person. That was exactly why they were unique. In other words, this situation was an impossible one, an action completely outside logic.</p>

      <p>Orm was able to ignore levels and see his opponent’s stats regardless, a version of Observing Eye only allowed for agents of the Goddess, and he used it on Lufas. Then, he understood... <em>This is it.</em> In the entry of Lufas’s classes, there was a strange one that shouldn’t have been there, named “Archenemy.” By Orm’s reckoning, this was the cause.</p>

      <p><em>Right, that shouldn’t actually be a class. At the very least, the Goddess never made such a class. So who did?</em></p>

      <p><em>Of course... Lufas made a class that fit her by herself and gained it. She most likely bent reality using the Key. Then, when she leveled up, she chose the skills of her retainers. That’s the only possibility I can think of. </em>Orm had managed to deduce the reason, but that realization only came with more despair.</p>

      <p><em>Oh no... She’s... She’s able to use all of the Twelve Stars’ skills?!</em></p>

      <p>“Are you really okay with being this close to me for so long?” Lufas paused. “I’ll burn you, you know.”</p>

      <p>As Lufas spoke, her body sprouted rainbow-colored fire. Just by touching her, the subject would continuously take percentile damage based on their maximum HP. It was the god-killing flame, Mesarthim. The heat spread out with Lufas as the epicenter, burning Orm’s scales mercilessly. It didn’t matter how tough Orm was; that wouldn’t make a difference. The heat of this flame would strengthen infinitely based on the opponent’s power.</p>

      <p>Unable to stand the heat, Orm loosened up for a moment. In that moment, Lufas sprang out and punched Orm with all her might. With just a little trick, the kind which would be performed on the street, he wouldn’t be able to surpass Lufas, who was despair itself.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Father! Father!”</p>

      <p>Within his dazed consciousness, Orm remembered Terra as a child. At first, he’d planned for Terra to be a puppet, to be his replacement. He only saw the child as a stand-in to console in order to dodge his feelings of wretchedness. Of course, there would be no deep feelings in that relationship, and Orm shouldn’t have had feelings for his clone. At least, that was what he thought.</p>

      <p><em>When was it, I wonder?</em> he thought after a moment of pondering.<em> When did I start to feel joy at calling him my son? When did I start to treasure that child’s smile? </em>By the time he’d noticed, Terra stopped being a consoling puppet and became something irreplaceable.</p>

      <p>Orm was an ouroboros meant to be an agent of the Goddess. Ouroboroses were perfect beings, as close as could be to immortality. They might be able to be killed by others, but the Goddess was basically the only one capable of that. So Orm the ouroboros needed no partner, and he didn’t feel the need to breed either. He was perfect by himself, so there was no point in leaving behind descendants.</p>

      <p>Naturally, ever since he was born he’d never experienced the feeling of being a parent. This was a first for him. For the first time, he felt at peace just by having someone nearby. Now, he felt that he understood the feelings of all the heroes who had challenged him in order to protect something.</p>

      <p><em>Since when did I become this weak? Lufas Maphaahl is fearsome. I’m scared, so scared I can’t help it. For the longest time, I thought death was just a single end. I didn’t care if I died at any time. Even so, now that I’m facing it, I’m so pathetically afraid. No, I don’t want to die! I still want to live! Not yet... I haven’t finished watching my child grow yet. What will happen if I die? What if this fearsome star of death encounters my son? No, that can’t happen. That’s the only thing that must never happen.</em></p>

      <p><em>I can’t afford to die yet. I can’t die and leave my child alone. I still remember the heartfelt relief I experienced when Lufas disappeared. But that relief was quickly replaced with the next source of despair. The Goddess gave an order... She said that it was time to end this story.</em></p>

      <p>That meant it was time for the end of the devilfolk. The evil Devil King would be defeated by the heroes, but that also meant that those under him would be culled without exceptions, and that included Terra.</p>

      <p><em>No, I won’t let it. This might just be another scenario to the Goddess, but to me, there’s an irreplaceable treasure.</em></p>

      <p>By the time he’d noticed, Orm had ignored the script and sent the heroes packing.</p>

      <h1>9</h1>

      <p>Orm had sent the heroes packing after taking a piece of their bodies and even cursing them to lose half their power, but even then, he had no peace of heart. He couldn’t help but worry.</p>

      <p>Ignoring the Goddess’s scenario was tantamount to rebelling against her. He managed to make a plausible excuse for it, but the Goddess most likely hadn’t believed him. As proof, there were two members among the new group that his son had founded, the Seven Luminaries, who were clearly spies for the Goddess. One of them was even the Goddess’s avatar.</p>

      <p>Though Orm managed to delay the destruction of the devilfolk, it was in no way a permanent solution. The devilfolk were still the evil meant to be destroyed at some point in the Goddess’s scenario. As long as this fundamental fact wasn’t changed, their future would also remain the same. However, Orm had no means of doing so. It wasn’t a problem of power. Even if all the other ouroboroses were to help him face down the Goddess, he couldn’t go further than that. The role of the ouroboroses was to manage the world as representatives of the Goddess. They hadn’t been made with the ability to fight her. This was a matter of pure instinct, without the interference of emotion or reason. He would never be able to go against her.</p>

      <p>Lufas was the only one able to actually fight the Goddess. Benetnasch would also not be a bad choice, but she had no interest in the Goddess in the first place, so she probably wouldn’t bother. The best-case scenario would be for Lufas and Benetnasch to join hands and challenge the Goddess along with the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars and for Lufas to not destroy the devilfolk after that. However, that was unlikely. It was hard to believe that Lufas would just let the devilfolk live, despising them as much as she did. She would most likely point her hostility their way before fighting the Goddess.</p>

      <p>In order to overturn the Goddess’s scenario, Lufas was necessary. However, Lufas was the manifestation of all the devilfolk’s fears. She was their Star of Death.</p>

      <p><em>What should I do? What...? </em></p>

      <p><em>I can put a curse on her and force her to obey me with the lifting of the curse as a condition...</em> The result of Orm’s pondering led him to something that was neither skillful nor even really a plan, but it was the only path he could think of. If he were to defeat Lufas and place the same curse on her that he used on the Seven Heroes, then she would have to swallow his demands. If her power were to be halved before her fight with the Goddess, that would probably be unrecoverable. Therefore, if he managed to curse her, he could use the temporary lifting of the curse as a condition to make her swallow his demands and form a united front against the Goddess. After that, if he could somehow deal with her after she was exhausted from fighting the Goddess...</p>

      <p>Orm paused. “Though these are all just armchair theories now. Lufas is no longer here.”</p>

      <p>After she disappeared, Orm had finally realized it. Lufas Maphaahl was the only one capable of opposing the Goddess. She was the only one able to overturn her scenario. However, it was now all too late. Lufas had disappeared, and now there was no one left to challenge divinity.</p>

      <p>That was when one more rebellious soul appeared before Orm, who was just about to give up, with a deal for the devil.</p>

      <p>“That’s not necessarily true.”</p>

      <p>Orm was so surprised, he couldn’t form a response.</p>

      <p>After being called out to, Orm finally realized that, at some point, the Goddess’s avatar had snuck into the room. He couldn’t tell how long she’d been here. She shut off her presence with such skill that not even the Devil King noticed her. It was as if she’d completely blended into the background.</p>

      <p>While shuddering on the inside, Orm cloaked himself in calm.</p>

      <p>“I apologize, but for the past couple years, I’ve taken the liberty of observing you, and I am certain now. Yes, you’ve betrayed the Goddess. I also know that your report was a lie.”</p>

      <p>Orm silently gathered mana in his hand. Now that he had been found out, there was no choice but to bury her. However, if he were to kill the Goddess’s avatar, that would cement him as a rebel and a traitor.</p>

      <p>He considered his options silently. <em>I’m finished. No matter how I struggle, it’s all too late now. Not to mention, there’s another spy. Even if I killed her here, the other one would notice the discrepancy.</em></p>

      <p>As Orm was drowning in internal conflict, the Goddess’s avatar brought to him an impossible suggestion. “Won’t you join me?”</p>

      <p>“What...?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve also betrayed the Goddess. I am one who wishes for an end to this boring story.”</p>

      <p>It was an impossible coincidence. After all, she was the avatar of the Goddess, which meant she was supposed to have the Goddess’s memories and personality. Normally, it would be unthinkable that she would rebel against the Goddess. After all, that would be like the Goddess betraying herself.</p>

      <p>“You... Aren’t you Alovenus?”</p>

      <p>“I have three names. One is Venus of the Seven Luminaries. Another: Ophiuchus of the Conquering Thirteen Heavenly Stars. And then there’s the name my parents gave me: Dina.” She paused. “None of those seem to be Alovenus.”</p>

      <p>“Are you seriously telling me that the Goddess’s avatar has betrayed the Goddess?”</p>

      <p>“Do you not believe me?”</p>

      <p>“You’re right. I don’t. But I have no choice other than to bet on that being the truth, I suppose.” Orm paused, considering the offer. “Fine. I accept your invitation.”</p>

      <p>The snake long enough to surround the world accepted the invitation of the snake charmer. <em>Fine. I don’t know her goal here, but I’ll allow her to use me. Either way, I have no other choice.</em></p>

      <p>Like that, the two of them joined hands, and Dina concealed the fact that Orm had betrayed the Goddess from everyone. She’d also predicted that Lufas would return in roughly two hundred years, though she never revealed the full scope of her plan, and she continued to skillfully manipulate the devilfolk in that time so that they wouldn’t destroy humanity.</p>

      <p><em>Now I can’t be thankful enough to her. </em>She hadn’t helped him out of the goodness of her heart, but as a result, Orm had managed to buy two hundred years.</p>

      <p>“Orm hasn’t betrayed us,” Dina, the Goddess’s avatar, had said. “He really was just scared at the sudden, unprecedented invasion of heroes and accidentally became serious.” By continuing to define Orm as white but almost gray, the Goddess never moved to purge him, and thus, Orm and Terra continued to live. It was all thanks to Dina.</p>

      <p>All Orm needed to do now was fight Lufas directly, win, and put a curse on her. However, the barrier to achieving that was far too high. Even so, Orm couldn’t afford to lose this fight. He just couldn’t.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Orm strained with pure will and managed to keep himself conscious after the blow, allowing him to swallow Lufas in another beam of destructive light. <em>Now I understand painfully well how all those heroes who challenged me and sacrificed their lives felt. I know how noble they were.</em></p>

      <p><em>I remember long ago, when one of them claimed that he could become as strong as necessary to protect those he loved. He was totally right. For him, I can become infinitely strong. Long ago, a man howled at me, saying that he didn’t care what happened to him as long as those he cared for were happy. I agree now, hero. You were correct, and I was wrong...! I don’t think I’ll go to the same place as him when I die, but even so, if I meet him, then I will apologize. So for now—just for now—please lend me your strength!</em></p>

      <p>“Oh...?”</p>

      <p>While taking Orm’s attack, Lufas noticed that he’d changed. Everything was different, from the strength of his attacks to his speed, and even the strength of will behind all of that. <em>I remember this feeling. He’s walking the path that Benetnasch and I once went down.</em></p>

      <p>“Interesting. So you’re going to try and surpass your limits?”</p>

      <p>Lufas took the full brunt of Orm’s charge, and she was pushed back towards the sun by his formidable mass. Of course, if he were to go all the way there, Orm wouldn’t emerge unscathed either. The center of the sun was actually around fifteen million degrees Celsius. There wasn’t a material in the universe that could withstand that.</p>

      <p>Orm’s scales burned, and he felt like he was about to faint from the heat. The reason he was able to withstand it was because of the thought of his loved one. Because he’d learned how to care for someone else.</p>

      <p>“So your plan is to sacrifice yourself? Your resolve is good. True, even though I am Sun-aligned, the heat of the actual sun will hurt me. It is, in fact, hot, and if you were to ask me if I would find it hard to bear, I would have to say yes. But... That doesn’t mean I <em>can’t</em> bear it, you realize?”</p>

      <p>Lufas smiled ferociously before grabbing one of the scales on Orm’s head and throwing him even farther into the sun’s core. Orm’s face burned, and meanwhile, Lufas escaped the core.</p>

      <p>Of course, that wasn’t the end of it. Using the celestial bodies in the area, Lufas activated her alchemy skill. “Transmute—One-Eyed Hero.”</p>

      <p>Out of the bodies, a gigantic old man was birthed. His hair was long, and his wide-brimmed hat was pulled over his eyes, making it impossible to see his face. He wore a black robe, and he was missing one eye, so there was only a single eye shining mysteriously out at the universe. He rode an eight-legged horse and was even larger than an ouroboros, proven by how easily he grabbed Orm.</p>

      <p>Orm, who was large enough to surround a planet, had his head and tail grabbed as the old man tried to pull him apart, and the Devil King let out a wordless scream.</p>

      <p>If the enemy was gigantic, then just prepare something even larger. It was a simple but effective move.</p>

      <p>Orm’s body creaked in strain, and little by little he started to split apart.</p>

      <p><em>S-So strong... Too strong...! How did I seriously believe I could defeat this monster? Did... Did all you heroes seriously dare to take on such a hopeless battle?!</em> The gap in power between Lufas and Orm directly reflected the gap between Orm and the heroes from ages past. They had never given up. Though Orm had faintly suspected this difference in strength, he had still taken on the fight. They’d lost their arms; they’d lost their legs, and still their wills had never broken. They had faced Orm with the pure shine of their souls.</p>

      <p><em>I... I won’t lose... If I lose, I won’t be able to face those I’ve killed!</em> Orm howled and wrung out strength from his body past his limits. Orm sundered one of the gigantic elder’s arms, wrapped himself around his neck, and squeezed tight.</p>

      <p>While watching the manifestation of a deity return to being an asteroid, Lufas’s cheeks loosened. <em>As I thought. He’s starting to surpass his limits... I don’t know what kind of change of heart he went through, but this is quite the leap in ability.</em></p>

      <p>Once again, Orm unleashed a beam of destructive light from his mouth, but this time, it was even stronger. Lufas felt the force of it even through her guard, and it shaved away at the celestial bodies caught in its path.</p>

      <p>Orm then layered on a breath attack with his full might behind it, launching Lufas far away in an instant. Though Lufas managed to deflect the attack with a single arm, she lost sight of Orm right after she had done so. <em>I lost sight of such a huge body?</em></p>

      <p>Lufas was only confused for a moment. However, Orm, now back in human form, had hit her with an ax kick by the time she’d noticed. She managed to react in time and block, but they were in space where there was no way for Lufas to brace herself. She was comically blown away, and Orm chased after her, once again assuming his dragon form. Then, he roared at Lufas before returning to human form, circling around her to kick her back upwards and changing into a dragon to bite into her. It was a tempestuous combo, making use of Orm’s human form, which was originally there to seal his power.</p>

      <p>“WOOOOOOAAAAAAAARRGGGGHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>Then he finally surpassed his limits.</p>

      <p>Orm’s level rose past the limits defined by the Goddess, and he settled at the same level as Benetnasch: level 1500. Of course, this was no normal level 1500. Orm already exhibited more power than Benetnasch at level 1000, and now, he had surpassed his limits. His strength was literally unknown now. Not even Alovenus would have expected this.</p>

      <p>With increased strength and speed, Orm became light as he showered Lufas with blows in both human and dragon form. He used any and all skills he possessed in order to corner the strongest being alive. <em>I can win. No, I have to win, no matter what. </em>The back of Orm’s mind was filled with thoughts of his son’s happy future. That was all. For that, he would have to overcome this hurdle of despair.</p>

      <p>“I will deem you a worthy enemy.” At the same time Orm heard this telepathic message from Lufas, who had yet to lose her composure, a tremendous force assaulted his cheek.</p>

      <p>His fangs snapped and his scales were smashed and scattered. Orm barely managed to keep his consciousness as Lufas quietly drifted towards him, somehow emitting an even stronger sense of intimidating pressure.</p>

      <p>“That was awe-inspiring, Orm. I apologize for the fact that I thought I would be able to claim victory over a man like you with only fifty percent of my strength.”</p>

      <p>Orm was shocked into silence until he finally managed to get out a “What?”</p>

      <p>“Now, I am at seventy percent. From here on out, I will be fighting you at the same level I used to fight Benet.”</p>

      <p>Just as Orm heard that, Lufas became wreathed in rainbow-colored fire. She’d used Mesarthim earlier, but unlike before, it wasn’t just momentary flares of flame. She was now permanently covered in it. On top of that, she used Parthenos’s skill to instantly cast several buffing heaven-arts on herself.</p>

      <p>Orm had only managed to close the gap in strength for a moment. Right afterwards, Lufas peeled ahead once again.</p>

      <p>Despair wasn’t something that could just be overcome. That was exactly why it was called despair.</p>

      <h1>10</h1>

      <p>Monster, Bogeyman, Conqueror, and Star of Death.</p>

      <p>In the past, the entire world had been in fear of this woman, and she was referred to by many names. However, Orm now realized that all of them were insufficient. Those titles did not satisfactorily describe how over-the-top Lufas was. She was even more over-the-top than what everyone else would describe as over-the-top.</p>

      <p><em>This is... Yes, this is pure hopelessness. She is the concept of despair made manifest. I’ve crunched her between these jaws that can chew through planets. I’ve swallowed her up in roaring blasts that can erase stars. I blew up a planet on her, trapped her in a prison of time, and even pushed her into the Sun. Any normal thing would have died. There’s no way all of that would have failed to do her in, but here she is, just fine. It’s as if she’s taken no damage at all. And at the end of it all, she wasn’t even taking it seriously this entire time. She isn’t even using a weapon yet.</em></p>

      <p>There was a brief pause in Orm’s musings. <em>What the hell am I even supposed to do? What options do I even have against such hopelessness? How can I defeat her?</em></p>

      <p>Orm had used so much strength already that he was now unable to maintain his dragon form, so he was forced to revert to human shape. Though his true body was that of a dragon, Orm’s human mode had the role of keeping his energy usage down. Now that his life was truly in danger, Orm’s survival instincts kicked in and changed him back to human in order to keep his expenditure down and raise his chances of living through this ordeal. However, this instinct was a huge drawback in the middle of a battle.</p>

      <p>Lufas grabbed Orm’s head, proceeding to fly off into space at a speed faster than light. She left the solar system to fling Orm into a planet that was likely several times larger than Mizgarz. The planet didn’t manage to withstand Orm’s momentum, however, and it was run through with cracks. Then, it was destroyed. That one impact was unmanageable for the planet, and it exploded.</p>

      <p>In the midst of that blastwave of heat, Lufas grabbed Orm and once again flew off. This time, she threw Orm with all her might into the Sun. Orm passed through those hellish flames and came out the other side, where he was once again caught by Lufas, who had circled around. She did so as easily as taking a small detour. Everything that had just happened was simply too absurd. The sun was by no means small.</p>

      <p>Lufas continued, showering Orm with a flurry of punches. Orm desperately attempted to dodge, but they were thrown out at a speed that was impossible for him to deal with. Each punch surpassed the speed of light itself, basically landing instantly. There was effectively no time lag between the attack being launched and it hitting its mark. It was as if the laws of cause and effect in this universe had been reversed—Lufas had left light so far behind that the result of her hitting her target would happen before the actual action. It was an impossible task to try to evade her attacks.</p>

      <p>It could be said that Orm had done admirably to get this far. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that it was amazing that he’d fought up until this point, but he’d gone too far. He’d gotten Lufas Maphaahl in the mood. The moment Lufas recognized a person as a worthy enemy was the moment the fight ended, and the one-sided trampling began. Now that it’d come to this, Orm had no more moves. He would only be allowed to be forced into submission with no resistance.</p>

      <p>Orm’s head was grabbed, and his face smashed into Lufas’s knee before she then took hold of his neck and shoved high quantities of mana directly into him. Orm’s entire body was cooked and beaten until he found himself unable to even move by the time Lufas decided to fly back to Mizgarz with Orm still in her grip.</p>

      <p>Just before entering the stratosphere, she slowed down, and in the end, she stuck a perfect landing on the same isolated island they started on. Except, that island was broken.</p>

      <p>Lufas paused. “Oh no. I didn’t hold back enough.”</p>

      <p>While feeling some guilt at having accidentally broken an unsuspecting, innocent island, Lufas used alchemy to rebuild it. Since she didn’t remember exactly how it looked before, the island took on a slightly different shape. Once she was done, she finally let go of Orm, who was now at death’s door.</p>

      <p>“I really should have warmed up a little before fighting. I’m finding it hard to judge my own strength since I got all my power back at once.”</p>

      <p><em>I still don’t have good enough discipline. </em>With that thought, Lufas looked up.</p>

      <p>In doing so, she spotted the <em>Argo</em>, which had probably come rushing over after noticing their fight. Benetnasch was sitting on a railing of the boat with her arms crossed unhappily. <em>Wow, they got here fast. </em>Lufas fought back a chuckle. It had only been around twenty seconds since she’d met up with Orm, after all. Discounting the time they’d used up talking, their fight might not have even exceeded two seconds.</p>

      <p>Yes, the entire fight had only taken around a second. The both of them had compressed their internal time down several levels of magnitude and, given that they were fighting in accelerated time, their fight only took but a moment in reality. It was almost as if they had been fighting in frozen time, given that they’d fought faster than light. In fact, Orm should probably have been praised for fighting so well. At the very least, Lufas’s initial predictions had her defeating Orm within half a second.</p>

      <p>The Twelve Stars jumped off the ship and ran towards Lufas. At the same time, Terra ran and inserted himself between Orm and Lufas.</p>

      <p>“Are you all right, Miss Lufas?”</p>

      <p>“I am. More importantly, heal the Devil King,” Lufas said, as she looked around at her surroundings and realized that Virgo wasn’t present.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>In the end, I managed to finish my fight with the Devil King successfully, and I felt a small sense of relief inside. Given how much I’d injured him, it was hard to call this a good ending, but at least I hadn’t killed him. <em>Still... Yeah, the Devil King was more formidable than I thought. </em>That wasn’t some sort of backhanded insult; I truly thought that. <em>It might sound like conceit, since I’m saying it about myself, but honestly, nothing on Mizgarz would be able to defeat me one-on-one, and the ouroboroses are no exception.</em></p>

      <p>Though he hadn’t made me go all out, he had managed to force me to go to seventy percent of my strength. He should be proud of that. If my full strength was one hundred, then my strength when I was still half-asleep, when I’d first returned to this world, was around twenty-four. Even when using Alkaid, I had only ever got up to around thirty-six. Even at my weakest, I was at least as strong as Leon. That comparison should make it clearer just how strong seventy percent of my power was, and the Devil King had managed to draw that out of me. The fight itself was my overwhelming victory, but Orm fought bravely.</p>

      <p>“You won’t kill my father?”</p>

      <p>“The old me might have, but as I am now, my back isn’t as pressed up against the wall as back then. There’s no need for me to beat a dead horse.”</p>

      <p>When I answered Terra’s question, the rest of the Twelve Stars all looked shocked. Out of them, Aries was the one to take the spot of representative and asked me, “Um... Miss Lufas... The way you refer to yourself...”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I went back to before. Is it weird?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, no... That’s not it! Just... It’s so nostalgic...”</p>

      <p>To Aries, who had known me back when I was an adventurer, my returning to using “I” probably didn’t feel strange. Though he seemed a little surprised, he was looking at me with a nostalgic expression. On the other hand, all the members who only knew me as a conqueror were looking confused. Specifically, that included Scorpius, Aigokeros, Pollux, Castor... Well, basically everyone else other than Karkinos. In the first place, the only ones who had known me since my adventuring days were Aries, Taurus, and Karkinos. Though I now looked back on it fondly, I originally hadn’t wanted to capture Karkinos at all. He had just happened to get in the way when I’d attempted to capture a different monster, so I had accidentally ended up capturing him.</p>

      <p>“By the way, where’s Virgo?”</p>

      <p>“She’s... Um, right now she’s with Parthenos, talking to Merak.”</p>

      <p>“Merak?”</p>

      <p><em>Virgo and Merak...</em> Well, it wasn’t a completely unthinkable pair. They were both heaven-winged, and Virgo hadn’t yet had a chance to talk to others of her race. Though there had been heaven-winged amongst the participants in the event in Draupnir, she had only seen them from afar at best. And given who I was, I was less a full heaven-winged and more like a bugged new race that happened to have split off. <em>If I were to pick a new name to look cool, it’d be... Let’s see...</em> <em>The jet-winged?</em> I kind of felt that being the only member of a race was cool, but all that really meant was that I was a loner.</p>

      <p>“For now, let us exchange information. I want to know what happened while I was gone.”</p>

      <p>After confirming that Pollux agreed to my proposal, I faced the fallen Orm. Since Virgo wasn’t present, there was no other choice. Out of my subordinates, only Virgo and Dina were good at healing magic, but neither of them were present. Pisces, Sagittarius, and Castor could, in fact, use healing magic, but it was only at the level of first aid. Therefore, it was up to me to do it.</p>

      <p>That was the conclusion I’d reached, but Terra stood in the way, protecting Orm. <em>No, I wasn’t actually going to try to finish him off... Well, given how I was two hundred years ago, I guess I can’t fault him for being wary. </em>I had only realized this after gaining an objective perspective, but the old me was truly horrible. If a devilfolk had so much as brushed past my peripheral vision, I’d have dashed over to put an end to them.</p>

      <p><em>Well, first, I guess I need to get Terra to move.</em></p>

      <p>As I was about to act on that thought, Orm, on the brink of death, somehow managed to stand and place himself in front of Terra. <em>This guy... He shouldn’t even be conscious.</em></p>

      <p>After a moment, Orm managed to get out, “Don’t... Touch... Terra...”</p>

      <p>Orm was muttering, but what I clearly heard was undoubtedly love for his son.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>