<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_8">
    <div class="main">
      <p>A wave of destruction swirled around inside the Earth ouroboros’s head. Fundamentally, this use of Brachium was no different from the others, except for the clear difference in strength. The attack broke through the damage ceiling set by the Goddess. The ouroboros’s brain cells were forcefully swirled around, crushed, and destroyed. He could no longer even scream. All he could do was foam at the mouth, showing the whites of his eyes.</p>

      <p>Just like that, the Earth ouroboros stopped moving as Libra flew out of his mouth and gained more and more altitude. Once she decided she was high enough, she took a sudden dive. Having enlarged her blade of light, she continued to accelerate until just before she swung her blade downward, severing the Earth ouroboros’s head.</p>

      <p>“O— Oh...”</p>

      <p>Unable to even form words anymore, the Earth ouroboros uttered a final groan filled with humiliation and anguish before turning into particles of light, which burst and scattered with a loud sound. For a short moment, the scattered particles of light illuminated the blackness of space in a wondrous scene, but Libra was utterly unmoved.</p>

      <p>It was the end of an ouroboros, one of the Goddess’s agents. After having made sure of its end, Libra muttered softly, “Mission complete... Returning to base.”</p>

      <p><em>The place for me to return to is not by the Goddess’s side. It is with the comrades whom I have chosen.</em></p>

      <p>The defective product that had strayed from the will of its master returned to its friends, the people who would welcome her back even despite such shortcomings.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>