<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_5">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Having heard that, everything finally fell into place. <em>As I thought. </em>I finally realized why Orm had decided to betray the Goddess. It wasn’t anything huge; he was just another father who wanted to protect his son. Just like any father found throughout the world, that was enough reason to rebel against the Goddess. <em>What a huge difference from my father... Seriously, I’m about to be jealous of Terra.</em></p>

      <p>Terra himself looked disbelievingly at Orm after hearing that.</p>

      <p>“It seems this is the answer, Terra. It looks like the reason why he rejected the Goddess’s scenario was for you.”</p>

      <p>“Fa...ther...”</p>

      <p>“Right then. Step aside before it’s too late.”</p>

      <p>I moved Terra back and put my hands on Orm. Then, I used healing heaven-arts as I talked to him. <em>It’s Orm, so he should regain consciousness.</em></p>

      <p>“Orm, I understand why you challenged me. You are an ouroboros. Even if you were to attempt to fight the Goddess, your body would not allow you to. And that doesn’t just apply to the Goddess, but also to her kin. That was why you wanted me as a sword to point at her, correct?”</p>

      <p>The reason why Orm challenged me, and also why he purposefully waited for me to regain my power, was all because he wanted my strength. Orm could never actually fight the Goddess. This wasn’t a question of his strength but of his instincts as an ouroboros. That was why he needed a weapon to oppose the Goddess with.</p>

      <p>However, the sword that had returned to him was rusted over, and though it was more useful than any old blunt piece of junk, it wouldn’t be enough for the Goddess. That was why he’d had to wait for the sword to regain its former glory before challenging it with all his being. That was about how it went.</p>

      <p>Rather than bravery, it was more like recklessness. Knowing my original strength, he should have also known that a single ouroboros wouldn’t be able to win against me, but even then, he still went through with it. That just showed how much he wanted his son to live.</p>

      <p>“I’ve waged this fight for the same reason. Become my sword, Devil King Orm. I desire your strength in my fight against the Goddess.”</p>

      <p>There was no skill or spell to free Orm from the restraints put on him by the Goddess. However, it was possible to place another restraint over the Goddess’s, thus canceling both out. If my control of Orm was to overcome his instincts, then it probably wouldn’t be impossible for him to fight the Goddess and her pawns.</p>

      <p>“If I become your weapon, will I be able to fight?” asked Orm.</p>

      <p>“I can’t make any promises, but the chances aren’t zero. At the very least, it’s far more realistic a plan than your defeating me.”</p>

      <p>Orm paused, considering my words. “I see. Then do it.” Orm showed a faint smile and closed his eyes, making a show of nonresistance.</p>

      <p>Now that it was over, I realized that it was a simple battle. All it was was a fight to see who would join who. Either way, the fact that we would join hands to oppose the Goddess wouldn’t change. This was just a childish fight to determine who would be on top. That was the true reason for this fight where several planets and stars were sacrificed, though Orm had probably imagined that I would slaughter all of the devilfolk if I were to win.</p>

      <p>Still, a win was a win. As the victor, I didn’t hesitate to claim my prize and use my skill.</p>

      <p>“Capture!”</p>

      <p>Using my skill as a Monster Tamer, I captured Orm. This was likely the only way for Orm to be able to fight the Goddess. I would control him with my own constraints overlapping the ones the Goddess had placed on him. With that, my order to fight the Goddess would compete with his instincts to not do so, and if my control on him was stronger, then Orm should be able to fight off his instincts.</p>

      <p>It needn’t be said, but this was a very brute-force method. If I were to liken it to something... <em>Let’s see...</em> Imagine a person who’s so sleepy they can’t help it. That’s when their boss comes in, yells at them not to sleep, and just grabs their head and forces them to stand up. What I was trying to do was similar to that. That being said, if I were to have lost, I’d probably have been captured myself, so I wasn’t going to accept any complaints.</p>

      <p>“They say that the Snake Charmer constellation used to be one with the Serpent constellation. There’s no spare seat on the Thirteen Heavenly Stars, but allow me to welcome you as part of the Snake Charmer seat. I will now give you a name. Your constellation will be...Serpens. You are one half of the Snake Charmer of the Conquering Thirteen Heavenly Stars, Serpens the Snake.”</p>

      <p>I gave Orm his title and forcefully shoved him into the Conquering Thirteen Heavenly Stars.</p>

      <p>I could have just given him some other appropriate-sounding name, but it’d be weird if there was another member who was stronger than the Thirteen Stars. Therefore, it was probably better to add him to the Thirteen Stars, even if it was a little forced. <em>With this, there are now fifteen members of the Thirteen Stars... Well, whatever. That’s fine. </em>I had always been rather laissez-faire about things.</p>

      <h1>11</h1>

      <p>That part of Merak’s past was something he could never regret enough. He’d betrayed his friend and returned a world that was about to be united to turmoil and chaos. <em>Why did I do that? Why didn’t I think it through more? I don’t even understand myself. I just find it impossible to get my own thoughts and pretty much everything else about myself at that time.</em></p>

      <p>In order to atone, Merak went to fight the Devil King. However, he was miserably defeated and forced to spend several days in bed unconscious. However, misfortune comes in threes.</p>

      <p>After Merak was defeated, the devilfolk saw this as a chance and went on the attack. By the time he’d woken up, everything was already over. Many lives had been lost, though his country had barely managed to fend off their attackers. The losses that were hardest on Merak were the death of his wife and the fact that his daughter had gone missing.</p>

      <p>They were not a couple born out of love; it had been an arranged marriage by their parents between two famous heaven-winged families. Even so, they were family, and it was only after she was gone that Merak realized the significance of his wife in his life.</p>

      <p>However, reality was cruel. His wife’s body was found days later, far away at the foot of Vanaheim along with those of her bodyguards. It was most likely that they had been killed while trying to flee. On top of that, they had yet to find the body of his daughter.</p>

      <p>Merak had lost everything important to him at once and was stricken by despair. His beloved daughter, who had gone missing, had pink hair and a face much like her mother’s while also having Merak’s pure-white wings.</p>

      <p>“You’re... My father?” Virgo asked.</p>

      <p>“That would be the case. Of course, it’s not like I have the right to be called that by you.”</p>

      <p>They were in Megrez’s villa, which was half-destroyed. Merak was acting calm on the surface, but he was perpetually looking down at the ground. He knew that if he were to raise his head and get a look at Virgo, he would want to embrace her with his dirtied hands. Merak could tell that he was only one step away from his will breaking down and the dam holding back his tears bursting open. <em>I have no right to call myself a father and no right to embrace her.</em></p>

      <p>Even so, Merak was truly grateful. <em>She lived... </em>Just that was enough to send Merak over the moon.</p>

      <p>“Lady Parthenos... I thank you from the bottom of my heart. Truly... I don’t know how I can thank you enough.”</p>

      <p>Parthenos folded her arms together and replied to Merak’s thanks curtly. “Say your thanks in front of your wife’s grave. I didn’t do anything. By my reckoning, she realized that she wouldn’t be able to escape, so she hid Virgo and chose to become a decoy. It was just a coincidence that I managed to find her.”</p>

      <p>It seemed that Merak knew of Parthenos because of her former post as the guardian of the sanctuary and paid due respect for that, but to Parthenos, the Seven Heroes were not people she even remotely liked. Being thanked by one of them would only trouble her for a response.</p>

      <p>“How about talking to Virgo instead of little old me? You’ve finally reunited, after all.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah, you’re right... I know that, but... I have no idea what to even say at this point. It’s all too late...”</p>

      <p>Merak was so happy about this turn of events that he almost thought this was all a dream. If it was, he wished to never wake. However, Merak was also lost for words. He felt like no matter what he tried to say, it would only sound horribly cheap, and as soon as the thought of making his daughter feel bad came to mind, no words would come out of his mouth.</p>

      <p>Merak certainly had things to say—a lot of things. <em>I wanted to see you. I’m so glad you’re alive. You look just like your mother. You’ve gotten so pretty. Are you happy? How has life been up until now? I hope nothing bad’s happened to you. Was your life hard? </em>But before any of that could come out of his mouth, Merak’s emotions would speak to him. <em>Do you really deserve to say that to her? Do you really think you can act like a father this late in the game? </em>With those thoughts, there was no way Merak could bring himself to speak.</p>

      <p>“Um, father... I’m not sure what I should say, but... I think... I’m glad that I met you here.”</p>

      <p>With just that, the dam holding back Merak’s tears burst.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>