<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>1</h1>

      <p>It was a strange place. Everything was pure white as far as the eye could see. Neither sky nor ground existed. If you were to enclose someone in nothing but blank canvas, what they saw might be similar to this, so it followed that this was a place that was essentially blank, an untouched area where neither sky nor sea nor ground nor even space was set in stone.</p>

      <p>In this place, a single person—a woman—was sitting on a throne, her face scrunched up.</p>

      <p>“This is not good.”</p>

      <p>She was beautiful. Her blue hair shone unnaturally, not to mention the fact that it changed from blue to gold around the base of her neck. She was looking at a board, on top of which pieces made to resemble Lufas and the others were placed like pieces in a game. The state of the board reflected the current state of Mizgarz, and it told her that the situation was moving in a direction unfavorable to her.</p>

      <p>Lufas’s team was split into three, each one working on retrieving one of the remaining Stars. The trio of Aries, Karkinos, and Scorpius had taken their subordinates, Fenix and Hydras, to retrieve Aquarius the Water Bearer and admirably succeeded in their task. Aigokeros, Libra, and Sagittarius had gone to Pisces the Fish, and though they met with some trouble, they still succeeded in meeting up. With that, all the area Pisces had ruled over was now owned by Lufas, and the number of her available pieces exceeded the woman’s.</p>

      <p><em>Just what is that foolish son of mine doing...?</em> The woman sighed. <em>Even though I went and gave him the role of “the Goddess’s son</em>...<em>” In the end, he’s just a prototype I made before the ouroboroses... I shouldn’t have expected anything of him.</em></p>

      <p>Lufas and Benetnasch were missing. They’d left, chasing after Dina, who’d disappeared somewhere. Lastly, Pollux, Virgo, and the devilfolk’s Prince Terra, along with his aide Luna, had started to search for a way for the devilfolk to be reborn as a different species, of all things.</p>

      <p><em>What a ridiculous turn of events. The devilfolk are needed as Mizgarz’s “evil.” Who even benefits from the villains changing sides to good? There’ll be no happy ending if the villain doesn’t stay a villain to the very end as they lose.</em></p>

      <p>The woman honestly believed this. That was exactly why she’d sent out one of her few precious pieces—Sol, one of the ouroboroses’ avatars—to the front lines with a side mission of stirring up the ouroboroses, but unfortunately, he had been chased off.</p>

      <p>“This really isn’t good... At this rate, I’ll be finished.” The woman heaved a soft sigh.</p>

      <p>The problem wasn’t just Lufas’s forces. The hero, Sei, who was originally supposed to have been this world’s protagonist and defeat Lufas to save the world, was now moving to end the game entirely. At the moment, he was making contact with those of the Seven Heroes who had already fulfilled their role—Megrez, Merak, and Mizar—stirring them into action. <em>Not good. This is seriously not good. The script that I’ve worked so hard to write will be ruined.</em></p>

      <p>The woman paused as she considered her next move. “For now, let’s have the older heroes retire. Your roles are all over, so please stop trying to come back to the stage,” the woman said, sounding annoyed as she placed the piece representing Sol close to Sei and his group.</p>

      <p>She could simply upend the entire board and end the game at any time, but if possible, she wanted to win the game and achieve satisfaction. That was why she—the Goddess Alovenus—continued to roll her last four pieces, the ouroboroses, around in her palm as she thought for a while.</p>

      <p><em>It surely won’t be long until I have to put these pieces on the board.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>The three heroes would become allies. There was most likely nothing more reassuring than that. This was a ray of hope the weak boy had found only because he had tried to do what he could instead of just wallowing in his weakness. He’d managed to accomplish something that anyone could have done but no one had. However, as with all things, sudden disaster always strikes when everything seems to be going well.</p>

      <p>A clap resounded just as the heroes offered to help the summoned hero, as if the person had been waiting for the best time.</p>

      <p>“Just wonderful. You tried to do what you could without giving in to your weakness, and now you’ve managed to get these heroes here to act. I’m honestly impressed. Allow me to praise you, O weak hero.”</p>

      <p>Before Sei and the others could even react to the voice, Megrez fired off a magic spell with zero hesitation. The spell took the form of a bullet as it traveled towards the speaker before bursting, covering the walls of the house with ice. Megrez most likely chose ice magic after judging that using a bullet of water, or a similar element, would pierce through the walls of the house and end up affecting other residents. That quick decision-making and reaction speed was certainly worthy of a hero. Even after long years spent in retirement, there was still a world of difference between Megrez and Sei and his group.</p>

      <p>However, the voice’s owner was not to be found within that ice, as it once again sounded from the other side of the room. “Good reaction time. I’m a little surprised.”</p>

      <p>Leaning against the wall was an unfamiliar white-haired man, and unlike what he’d said, he didn’t seem surprised at all. From the color of his skin and eyes, he was most likely a devilfolk. However, if he was one of the devilfolk, he would be no match for the members of the Seven Heroes, even if he was one of the Seven Luminaries. Though they were weakened, they were still heroes, after all. They weren’t weak enough to lose against the likes of the Luminaries, though that only applied to normal members of the Seven Luminaries.</p>

      <p>“Who are you?”</p>

      <p>“My name is Sol. I am one of the Seven Luminaries, Sol of Heaven. Well, at this point, it’s not like the Seven Luminaries mean anything anymore.”</p>

      <p>The Seven Luminaries. Just hearing that title caused all the members of Sei’s party to draw their weapons at once.</p>

      <p>Out of all of them, Sargess immediately pressed the attack. The spider-person exhibited agility worthy of his kind as he ran along the wall and assaulted Sol from behind. His weapon flashed at Sol’s unprotected neck, the devilfolk not even seeming to try to dodge. Sol stuck the edge of his hand in the path of Sargess’s sharp blade, stopping it in its tracks without shedding even a little blood. The spider-person was left in shocked silence.</p>

      <p>Acting like he’d just been bit by a bug, Sol swatted Sargess down. “You’ve been lax in your pest control. There are spiders in this house.”</p>

      <p>He moved as if he was simply getting rid of an annoying pest, but with the absolutely crushing level disparity came a lethal blow. Sargess broke through the wall as he was sent flying, and he continued on through several more houses, disappearing past a cloud of dust.</p>

      <p>Next, Gantz and Jean both charged in from the front, swinging their weapons and causing a shock wave with them as the epicenter. As always, Sol didn’t dodge; he didn’t even defend himself. Gantz’s ax hit Sol’s head, while Jean’s sword impacted against his stomach. However, Sol didn’t budge an inch. It was as if they’d struck a lump of steel; there was no damage.</p>

      <p>“GRROOOAAAARRRR!” Friedrich howled, grabbing Gantz and Jean by the napes of their necks and flinging them backwards.</p>

      <p>At the same time, Sol’s knifehand strike passed by right in front of the pair’s noses, causing a shock wave that destroyed the ceiling. If Sol’s attack had hit, the two of them would have been bisected just then. Before Sol could pull back to neutral from his attack, Friedrich jumped forward—before predictive visions of his own death caused him to jump back again.</p>

      <p>“I see. It seems your instinct’s the only thing that’s good about you. Looks like you instinctively realized that you’d have died if you’d just gone one more step forward.”</p>

      <p>In a rare turn of events, it seemed that Friedrich’s cowardice had paid dividends. Thanks to his great play, there had yet to be any casualties. However, the most important word in that sentence was <em>yet</em>.<em> </em>If Sol had wanted to, he could have massacred the entire hero’s party in an instant.</p>

      <p>Mizar’s golem jumped at Sol from behind, but in the end, it was just a hastily made remote-control golem. On top of that, it had been made by Blutgang’s dwarves, so its level wasn’t even 100. Of course it wasn’t. Even if Mizar’s personality was alive and well, it was still just the core of the gigantic golem that was Blutgang. He wasn’t the past Mizar, who had been called the Blacksmithing King. Naturally, he didn’t possess any Alchemy skill, so outside of those golems he’d made that still existed, any new golems would have to be made by currently living dwarves. Once again, it was only a matter of course that the golems would be low level, and a single light blow from Sol would be enough to send an arm flying.</p>

      <p>Though Sei and the others were shocked at Sol’s power, Sol would be the next one to be taken by surprise. While he was distracted with Mizar, a new golem had manifested, growing straight through the ceiling before circling around behind Sol.</p>

      <p>“Wha—?!”</p>

      <p>“Intruder detected. Removing!”</p>

      <p>A large, iron fist collided with Sol’s back, sending him flying wholesale. Sol went straight through the wall, generating loud sounds and once again making casualties out of several more civilian houses. Luckily, no actual people were hurt, though there was great property damage. The golem was capable of calculating and avoiding something of that level during its attacks.</p>

      <p>Jean immediately reacted to the sudden appearance of the large golem. “H-Hey, that golem is...”</p>

      <p>Yes, he knew the golem. He’d seen its over-ten-meter-tall form before. The golem had a shining, silver, cylindrical body topped with what looked like a knight’s helmet for a head, and it saw out of a monoeye. Both of its arms were unnaturally large, and they ended in literal iron fists. What would’ve been its leg parts were instead just a skirt, and it was somehow floating in the air. Its name was Gatekeeper. It was the steel guardian that had once guarded the Grave of the Black-Winged King for hundreds of years, right up until its destruction.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha!” Mizar laughed, gloating. “Surprised? I repaired it back when I was making the Astraia with Lufas, just in case something like this happened!”</p>

      <p>“You... I knew you had something waiting up on the roof. Never thought it would be this though...” said Megrez.</p>

      <p>“Be honest, Mizar,” Merak said. “You only wanted to say that ‘just in case’ line, right?”</p>

      <p>However, even though Megrez and Merak were both running their mouths, their expressions were calm, and their actions were precise and correct. They were already moving on, making their next move.</p>

      <p>On Megrez’s signal, the lake water surrounding Svel gathered together, transforming into a huge dragon made of water. It was the nation’s guardian deity, Levia, who had even managed to defend against Aries. On top of that, Merak had already cast a heaven-art, buffing both the Gatekeeper and Levia.</p>

      <p>Using the water that made up its body, which gave it freedom of shape, Levia sprouted tentacles and used them to grab the hero’s party as well as the Seven Heroes, placing them upon its back. Then, the guardian deity left the capital at high speeds, trying to get away as fast as possible.</p>

      <p>Sol, who had been sent flying by the Gatekeeper, had ended up in a mountainous area outside of the capital, but he stood up as if nothing had happened and crossed his arms, waiting for the arrival of Megrez and the others. The Gatekeeper had used that attack to get Sol out of the city so as to protect the citizens, but it seemed as if Sol knew that as well.</p>

      <p>“Watch out, Megrez. He’s really strong for a self-proclaimed Seven Luminary.”</p>

      <p>“I know.”</p>

      <p>The Gatekeeper was level 600. One of the Seven Luminaries, who were only level 300, should have taken great damage from all of its attacks, let alone a surprise one. However, Sol had sustained no such damage. He was the very picture of ease. Of course, there was the possibility that he was just putting up a front, but Megrez and the others’ instincts, honed through the experience of many battles, told them that this wasn’t the case. Sol wasn’t bluffing. He had seriously not been affected.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, yes... The Seven Heroes, huh? Looks like I’ll be able to have more fun than I thought.”</p>

      <p>Even in front of this difference in numbers, Sol’s fearless demeanor didn’t change. There were the three members of the Seven Heroes, the eight members of the hero’s party, the Gatekeeper, and Levia. In terms of pure numbers, it would be thirteen versus one, but in what world would a hornet be scared of a mere thirteen honeybees? To Sol, this was still the sort of fight where it would only be natural to win. It was something that he <em>might</em> be able to enjoy, if he held back.</p>

      <p>Levia was the strongest of the bunch, but even then, the guardian deity had only been able to somehow push back Aries thanks to the elemental type matchup, and Aries was among the weakest of the Twelve Heavenly Stars. In this fight, with a new inherent relationship between these forces, it would make sense to say that it was impossible to defeat Sol.</p>

      <p>“Heavy Rain!”</p>

      <p>Megrez finished his spell in an instant, filling the sky with a gigantic magic circle. From the magic circle came a multitude of water bullets so numerous that it was impossible to dodge. As its name implied, Heavy Rain rained down so many water bullets that it was no longer a shower of bullets and more like a solid wall of water.</p>

      <p>Megrez, who had grasped the level and speed difference of his enemy by now, realized that normal attacks that only hit one target would not get the job done here, and so he’d decided on an area attack that wouldn’t leave any room to escape. Of course, such an attack would also sweep up his allies as well, but all the attacks coming towards them were blocked by Levia, who used its body as a shield. Water-aligned attacks held no meaning to Levia, whose body was made of water. If it were real water, in fact, it would actually have healed it.</p>

      <p>“Hnngh...”</p>

      <p>While defending against the endlessly falling bullets of water with his arms, Sol groaned slightly. Seeing that opening, the Gatekeeper struck out with its arm, and the giant fist went flying while spinning towards Sol. On top of that, Levia transformed its body, launching a blade of water like a whip towards Sol at the same speed as the fist. The blade of water blocked the raining water bullets as it went, supporting the iron fist. Then, the fist impacted against Sol at the same time the blade of water slashed at his arm.</p>

      <p>“That <em>was</em> a good attack, but...”</p>

      <p>Sol’s arm wasn’t wounded. There was a slight bruise, but none of his blood had been spilled. However, Megrez and the other two didn’t spend any time wavering over every little thing. Instead, they swiftly moved on to the next attack.</p>

      <p>Merak concentrated as the rocks around him floated into the air and launched towards Sol all at once. It was the Psychokinesis skill of the Esper class, one of the few classes able to turn the MND stat, which was normally used for support and defense, into an attack stat.</p>

      <p>The heaven-winged weren’t able to use magic. If a heaven-winged were to mix frontline and backline classes into a balanced build, like Lufas, they’d be able to shine as a support-capable frontliner. However, if they were to instead specialize in backline classes, like Merak, their options would, unfortunately, be very limited. Speaking in extremes, elves were far more powerful backliners, as they were a species able to use both magic and heaven-arts. And of course they were. It was obvious which one was more valuable between a backliner who could use both and a backliner who could only use heaven-arts.</p>

      <p>However, there <em>were </em>classes that the heaven-winged, with their high MND stat, could use to attack with, and one of those was the Esper class. Unlike other classes, the Esper class relied almost entirely on MND for their attack skills. In other words, it offered one of the precious few ways for a support-focused build to attack, and there were many heaven-winged who took this class.</p>

      <p>Rocks continued to fly at Sol one after the other, but he simply batted them away like annoying pests. However, such action manifested an opening, and Megrez took advantage of it, unleashing a bullet of water. Levia also spawned countless whips from its body to attack Sol.</p>

      <p>The Gatekeeper used Levia as a shield to move under the fierce rain of bullets, taking key opportunities to land attacks on Sol with its fists. Their teamwork was a sight to behold, each one covering for the other’s openings in a dazzling display that showed they were hardened veterans before they were heroes.</p>

      <p>However, Sol’s expression hadn’t changed throughout this whole sequence. Eventually, he heaved a small sigh. “This is more fun than I expected... But I hadn’t expected much. In the end, though, I guess this is all I’m gonna get.”</p>

      <p>With that, he charged into the rain of water bullets that still continued. There was no room for him to dodge, so that left only one option: <em>don’t dodge. </em>Heedless of the direct hits he was taking, Sol ran straight towards the Seven Heroes. He passed by the Gatekeeper, landing on Levia with ease.</p>

      <p>In response, Levia sprouted thorns from its head to try to shake off the intruder, but Sol simply avoided those with light steps, invalidating all of Levia’s efforts. Merak stepped in between Megrez and Sol, deploying a defensive shield of wind as he did so. However, Sol didn’t seem fazed at all. He simply rammed a foot down on the shield from above, dispersing the shield that had been conjured by one of the Seven Heroes in a single hit. Though, in this situation, Merak should probably have been lauded for being able to block a single strike even through the level difference.</p>

      <p>“Wha—...?!”</p>

      <p>Merak froze in shock, but only for a moment. In terms of actual time, it wasn’t even a second; he was frozen for less than a tenth of that. It happened in a true instant. Merak probably would have reformed the shield, given another moment. However, that small opening was fatal.</p>

      <p>Before Merak could regroup, Sol threw out a second attack, which buried itself in Merak’s arm. The nasty sound of bones breaking resounded, and Merak fell from on top of Levia. Megrez instantly canceled the Heavy Rain spell without even confirming Merak’s state. He was afraid of hitting Merak with the spell at all. However, that was also a fatal mistake.</p>

      <p>Sol closed the distance between them and struck with his fist. Just in time, a wall of water sprouted out of Levia between the two, preventing a direct hit. Though Megrez wasn’t hit directly, Sol still managed to break a rib, filling Megrez’s mouth with fresh blood.</p>

      <p>“S-Stop!”</p>

      <p>Sei swung Kouen, the sword given to him by Lufas, at Sol. Sadly, however, he was far too powerless. His slash was stopped with just a single fingertip, and he was tossed aside without even a return attack.</p>

      <p>Even though they’d felt full of hope at the fact that the remaining Seven Heroes would fight with them just a little while earlier, there was now nothing but despair. No matter how solidly they came together or how strong their convictions were, that wouldn’t do anything against overwhelming power. That was just how Mizgarz was—it was the rule of this warped world utterly dominated by strength.</p>

      <p>Sol ran with the intention of finishing off Megrez, and he was catching up.</p>

      <p>But that was putting the cart before the horse... What happened next was all his own fault. In order to test his strength, he had fought enemies he didn’t have to fight and taken unnecessary detours, and now, all that had come back to bite him. Basically, he got what he deserved. To the heroes, however, it was a happy coincidence, and it meant that fate had not yet abandoned them.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, Sol was punched from the side and was sent flying. It was unlike when he’d been sent flying by the Gatekeeper before. This one hit squashed his face, and the blood spurting from him formed a parabola as he flew. Even after making contact with the ground, Sol didn’t slow down. In fact, he continued ever onwards, even while dragging out a deep furrow in the ground, basically burying himself. Eventually, he ran out of momentum after several kilometers, and he pulled his face out of the dirt, wondering what had just happened.</p>

      <p>“Yo, I’ve been looking fer ya... You white-haired bastard,” said the rough voice of a man.</p>

      <p>The owner of said voice stood in front of Sol imposingly, his crimson hair waving in the wind as he looked down on the devilfolk. His enraged look truly brought forth the image of a demon. Warped in anger, his exposed fangs looked incredibly daunting. Thick veins were raised out of his log-like arms, and the sheer wrath emanating from him made the air around him waver.</p>

      <p>“The Lion King, I see.”</p>

      <p>Even after having recognized his enemy, Sol still laughed fearlessly.</p>

      <h1>2</h1>

      <p>To him, it was nothing but a disgrace. It didn’t matter that he had been holding back, and it didn’t matter that he had still been wounded from his fight with the Dragon King. He could feel his guts boiling over the unforgivable fact that he had been bested by a devilfolk. His pride was injured.</p>

      <p><em>I am the strongest. I know it. So, what is this? How did this happen? I not only lost to Lufas, but I even lost against the likes of Aries, and now I failed to measure up to some random devilfolk from who knows where.</em></p>

      <p>Being strong was his pride, as well as his reason for being, which was why he couldn’t let things lie like this. Using his reliable sense of smell to track the slightest trace of scent, he sought out to once again stand in front of Sol.</p>

      <p>“Stand up. You’re not done yet, are you?” provoked Leon.</p>

      <p>“Of course not,” Sol responded, standing up with a calm and easy expression.</p>

      <p>The next moment, however, that expression clouded. As soon as he stood up, Sol’s legs shook, threatening to pitch him over. That one blow just now had gone to his legs.</p>

      <p>“OOOOOAGGHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>Leon threw out his stout arm, punching Sol away, arm and all, as he reacted and tried to block. Sol’s arm creaked, once again reminding him of just how dangerous it was to challenge Leon’s ridiculous power head-on.</p>

      <p>In the last fight, Sol had never once taken a direct hit. He’d managed to dodge or defend against every attack. <em>I should have confirmed that we were even in terms of pure strength last time, but... I see now. Even if we’re even in that regard, there is a difference in toughness. No, I’m going to have to reconsider being even in pure strength. His strength is clearly different from before.</em></p>

      <p>It was likely that Leon had underestimated Sol before and had been unconsciously holding back, which meant that the punch Sol had felt just now was the Lion King’s true strength. Taking such a full-force punch to the head was very damaging. Thanks to that, Sol’s legs didn’t move the way he wanted them to.</p>

      <p>However, Sol had no intention of condemning Leon’s ambush. There was no fair or unfair in battle; there was only kill or be killed. Those who whined and prattled on about fairness and foul play were those who did not understand battle. <em>This damage is my own fault for letting my guard down on the battlefield. This is a price I must pay.</em> That was Sol’s honest impression.</p>

      <p>During his travel after being sent flying, Sol activated heaven-arts at high speed in order to buff himself. Meanwhile, Leon continued his surge of attacks, each blow forcefully shaving away at Sol’s vitality through his guard.</p>

      <p><em>These fierce attacks... It’s as if the arms that I’m using to guard with are themselves being shaved away... No, wait. They actually are. </em>Every blow Sol suffered had his bones creaking and his skin being gouged.</p>

      <p>With Leon’s power, there wasn’t too much difference between a guarded and an unguarded hit. As long as he made contact, it would hurt. If Leon hit his opponent’s arms, their arms would be damaged, robbing them of their attacking ability. If he hit their legs, their legs would be crushed, robbing them of their mobility. Among all the Twelve Heavenly Stars, he was the only one without a unique skill; he had no special abilities. Yet, even without any of that, he was still called the strongest. As for why that was, well, he was just that powerful.</p>

      <p><em>Not yet... Not yet... Just a little more.</em> While trying to withstand the fierce attacks from the monstrous beast that was Leon, Sol continued to buff himself, waiting for his moment to return the pain. <em>I just need to be patient until I recover from that initial blow, until my legs work again.</em></p>

      <p>In a fight of this level, where a single second could seem like a minute, the time needed for this seemed impossibly far away. It was a harsh undertaking that seemed like it would go on forever. However, Sol was enjoying his disadvantaged state. He was finding joy in having a hard time. He wasn’t a pervert who liked pain; he was just starved for a fight that was actually difficult. Actually, he might still have been a pervert, at least somewhat—a pervert by the name of “battle junkie.”</p>

      <p><em>Three more seconds... </em></p>

      <p><em>Two seconds... </em></p>

      <p><em>One second...</em></p>

      <p>A single second is a unit of time that would normally be over quickly. However, that second was enough time for Leon to beat most enemies into an unrecognizable pulp in this case. Even while being exposed to these blows from Leon, Sol never lost his cool as he concentrated on his defense.</p>

      <p><em>Zero!</em></p>

      <p>As soon as Sol recovered and his legs were able to move properly again, he weaved through Leon’s fists. Like that, he continued on to slam his enforced fist into Leon’s cheek, sending him backwards as well. Though Leon was surprised for an instant, he quickly gathered his strength, however, and planted his feet, stopping himself after a mere five meters. Sol quickly caught up and threw a kick into Leon’s face, but Leon, even while taken aback, stuck up his arm, repelling Sol.</p>

      <p>Sol spun once in the air, killing most of his momentum. As soon as he landed, he threw out a slew of magic spells. They traded offense and defense. This time, it was Sol’s turn to unleash a raging tide of blows, while Leon found himself cornered. However, Leon undid his guard and charged for some reason, taking the full brunt of Sol’s magic all the while.</p>

      <p>Sol was shocked.</p>

      <p>“Your magic’s just too soft!”</p>

      <p>Leon closed the distance quickly, throwing out a brute-force uppercut. Sol took the blow to his jaw and was thrown, spinning several times before crashing to the ground headfirst.</p>

      <p>Leon leapt at Sol, stomping at the devilfolk in an attempt to pile on the damage while he could. Sol managed to avoid the attack by a hair’s breadth, as he rolled out of the way just in time, but Leon’s stomp gouged out the ground, creating a giant crater.</p>

      <p>“Just running around all over the place like a pest...” said Leon. “Fine. Then I’ll just have to attack you with something you won’t be able to run from. I wasn’t going all out before... So this time, I won’t hold back.”</p>

      <p>Leon’s hair swayed and his muscles expanded.</p>

      <p><em>Badump. </em>As soon as Sol thought he heard the sound of a quickening heartbeat resounding in the air, Leon changed.<em> </em>He abandoned his human form, changing into the monstrous Lion King right before Sol’s eyes.</p>

      <p>Seeing his imposing, monstrous form, Sei and the others swallowed as they stood on top of Levia, while Friedrich trembled as he squatted down on the spot.</p>

      <p>“Th-There he is...” Sei muttered nervously.</p>

      <p>“He was terrifying as an enemy, but seeing him here as an ally, he’s so reliable...” Gantz said, sounding sure of victory even while sweating buckets. “Though, I bet to him, instead of being allies or enemies, we’re not even worthy of his attention.”</p>

      <p>They were simply onlookers during the fight between Leon and Aries, but even then, they felt Leon’s strength tingling their skin through the air. In the first place, Leon’s strength was proven by the fact that he had taken on several members of the Twelve Heavenly Stars on his own. Even though it was just a coincidence, he could be considered an ally at the moment, though it was more like he was simply the enemy of their enemy. They just couldn’t picture Leon losing. However, Megrez and his group still seemed grim, unlike the hero’s party, who saw victory on the horizon.</p>

      <p>While they were all watching on, the edges of Sol’s mouth curved upwards in mirth. In an instant, he surged with an overwhelming wave of divine power. It was a phenomenon that Megrez and his group knew well—it was the manifestation of their past mistake.</p>

      <p>“Oh no... At this rate, the Lion King will lose.”</p>

      <p>Hearing those despairing words from Megrez, Sei’s expression clearly spoke of his disbelief. “Huh?!”</p>

      <p>He’d seen Leon’s strength with his own eyes. Though Leon had lost in the end, he was powerful enough to take on several members of the Twelve Heavenly Stars all at once. Sei just couldn’t believe that the Lion King would lose.</p>

      <p>“That man named Sol is borrowing the power of the Goddess. Right now, he’s like we were two hundred years ago when we fought Lufas.”</p>

      <p>Leon was the strongest monster. There was no doubt about that. However, he was simply the peak of the ranking within the boundaries defined by the Goddess. He hadn’t gone past that peak, like Lufas or Benetnasch. In the first place, he wasn’t even the real pinnacle of strength. There were still the ouroboroses above him, so in actuality, he was far from being the strongest. Therefore, if the Goddess were to grant Sol power that was outside of her predetermined order, it would be as if Leon had never stood a chance.</p>

      <p>Leon was strong, without the need for unique skills. He was able to overwhelm others with his pure strength. However, taking that the other way, it also meant that he had no card to play in order to win against those stronger than him—his brand of strength only allowed him to win against those weaker than him.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah, I just remembered something.”</p>

      <p>On the deck of the <em>Argo</em>, Aries suddenly spoke up as they were on the way to Svel.</p>

      <p>Just before, Pollux had said that the Goddess might’ve been planning to make Sei take the next hero role, which had caused Aries to recall something.</p>

      <p>“This was something Dina told me before...”</p>

      <p>With that preface, Aries spoke of what Dina had told him when they had been fighting Leon. Rather than Dina seeming to have read the Goddess’s mind back then, it was more like she had been speaking from the point of view of the Goddess herself. Now, Aries understood why that had been. She was the Goddess’s avatar, so her thought process was as close to the Goddess’s as could be. Dina and the Goddess fundamentally shared the same thought patterns.</p>

      <p>Of course, there might have been some differences resulting from Dina’s environment as she grew up as well as her relationships. In fact, unbeknownst to Aries and the others, that was exactly the case, but even then, there was a fundamental similarity. Dina was fully aware of that, which was why she was able to read the Goddess’s thoughts as if they were her own. <em>If it were me, I would do this next. If it were me, I’d go like that.</em> Those thoughts directly translated into the Goddess’s actions. That was exactly why she was able to foil the Goddess at every turn.</p>

      <p>Before, Dina had said this to Aries; “That man isn’t worthy of winning. There are others more worthy, those who don’t shame the name of the hero, brave ones who can be the protagonist of a story... So, speaking in extremes, she won’t mind if Leon loses.”</p>

      <p>When Dina had spoken, she’d said that Leon was the type of man the Goddess hated most.</p>

      <p>It seemed that the Goddess hated Leon, or rather, she hated foolish, conceited men who thought it was a matter of course to be blessed. This meant, of course, that her preference was the exact opposite. She liked those who didn’t expect to be blessed, those who would try to walk on their own two feet even though they were weak. That was surely the Goddess’s preference, which was probably why Dina had taken the side of the weak Aries.</p>

      <p>After hearing that, Virgo brought her hand to her mouth and spoke. “That... Doesn’t that mean Sei...?!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I think so too. If what Dina said is right, then Sei is exactly the type of person that the Goddess likes.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Meaning, the Goddess’s next target is that boy, Sei?”</p>

      <p>Benet, Dina, and I were currently at some random diner, having a light meal as we discussed what the Goddess would do next. We’d chased Dina all the way to Earth, and now, we’d achieved our goal and even managed to buy souvenirs from this world while we were at it. At our feet were bags containing a variety of food, daily necessities, and games we’d bought at various stores. By the way, we were currently eating in a certain family restaurant that served Italian food with better quality than what their cheap prices would suggest. I myself frequented this chain quite a... Well, no. It had been my avatar doing the frequenting. I myself had yet to eat here.</p>

      <p><em>It’s just puzzling...</em> I knew my memories as a Japanese person were just something implanted into me and not something I experienced myself, and my memories that had been locked in sealed space had been returned to me. But even then, I couldn’t help but be a little confused. In the end, even though he was my avatar, it wasn’t me myself. At this point, I was now a completely different person, but we were still similar at our core. This most likely meant that our tastes were the same, and we tended to go to the same stores.</p>

      <p>“Yes. If my thinking is correct, that is. As you know, I am already independent from the Goddess, but even then, we are the same at our roots. In other words, my tastes are the Goddess’s tastes, and anything the Goddess hates, I still physically cannot stand. If I were to give an example of that, I suppose you could take Leon and Aries as one. Both the Goddess and I like Aries, but we hate Leon.”</p>

      <p>I hesitated before admitting, “Personally, I think that Leon’s selfishness is rather cute, though.”</p>

      <p>“Be honest, Miss Lufas. You only think of Leon as a giant cat, don’t you...?”</p>

      <p>Apparently, my taste in animals didn’t really match well with the Goddess. <em>Like, wouldn’t cat lovers get it? Somehow, the more selfish and freewheeling a cat is, the cuter they seem to be. Of course cats are pets, but the cats don’t know that, so a lot of them act as if they’re the master and number one in the relationship.</em> But that was also cute. To me, Leon was just like those cats. I’ll say this now: the reason why I killed the Dragon King but captured Leon was because I liked cats. <em>Lions are often called scary, but if you look closely at their faces, they’re pretty cute.</em></p>

      <p>As an aside, my avatar in Japan also kept a cat. He was named Fahl, and he was a truly cute cat that was just as selfish and willful as you’d expect.</p>

      <p>“Well, anyway,” said Dina, “there’s no doubt that Sei is the type of person the Goddess looks for in a hero, and she’s definitely favoring him in some fashion. Though at this point, our paths have diverged quite a bit.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean by that?”</p>

      <p>“Well, at first, I was going to try and make him lose the will to fight, so he would retire from the field. That was why I rigged it so that you and Orm would encounter each other and fight in front of him. But unfortunately, that didn’t work.”</p>

      <p>Dina was probably referring to when I had first fought the Devil King. True. Now that I thought about it, the whole thing had been admirably orchestrated by Dina. To the Devil King, that fight had been an opportunity to confirm my revival and to check my strength at that time. To Dina, it had been a chance to break the hero, who could be trouble in the future. These two had been in cahoots from the beginning, and now that I knew about it, the only thing I could think was, <em>Man, I got got.</em></p>

      <p>“However, he didn’t break. In fact, using your conversation at the time, he started to search for the truth, and now, he’s choosing to cooperate with you. It was a happy coincidence for me, but for the Goddess, it was an unbelievable mistake.”</p>

      <p>While we were talking, a doria was put in front of Benet. She scooped up the food with a spoon, bringing it in front of her eyes so she could observe it well before she spoke up.</p>

      <p>“So both of you were wrong in the end. Even though you two have the same roots, you really didn’t have to take over her most useless parts too.”</p>

      <p>“I wish you wouldn’t point that out... I’m frustrated at my own carelessness too. This is all the Goddess’s fault.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, Dina was rather troubled about her—or rather, her originator’s—careless aspects. <em>Maybe the Goddess unexpectedly cares too?</em> I thought about it for a moment. <em>It seems like she would.</em> From what I’d felt back when she had possessed Pollux, the Goddess was pretty brittle mentally.</p>

      <h1>3</h1>

      <p>Leaving the Goddess’s clumsiness aside, Dina continued her explanation. The subject was just how much the summoned hero Sei was ignoring the scenario. To be honest, I had never thought he’d stray so far from the Goddess’s script either.</p>

      <p>“Normally, he would have bemoaned his weakness and sought power long ago. Then, he would have taken the Goddess’s adjustment, and <em>BAM!</em>, he’s level 1000. But instead, he simply continued trying to find things he could do, even if he was weak, and made his way just like that. There’s never been a hero like that, not in all this time. There was never a child who simply continued to try to find a path even though they knew full well they were weak.”</p>

      <p>“But those types of people are who you like best, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, well...”</p>

      <p>As we talked, a waiter came out of the kitchen in the back, carrying a tray with pudding and tiramisu on it, and walked towards us. There were a total of three sets of plates, and they were placed in front of us. Dina and I knew what these dishes were, but this was probably unknown territory for Benet. Pudding and tiramisu didn’t exist on the other side.</p>

      <p>After spending some time looking curiously at the pudding, Benet eventually scooped some up with her spoon and ate it. When she did, she stiffened up for just a moment before continuing to eat like nothing had happened.</p>

      <p>“Did it suit your tastes?”</p>

      <p>“It wasn’t bad.”</p>

      <p>Benet was curt with her impression of it, but her spoon never stopped moving. It seemed that she liked it. I myself scooped up some tiramisu into my mouth, feeling satisfied after tasting the sweetness.</p>

      <p><em>I knew this already, but there really is a world of difference in food culture between here and over there. If I wanted to eat the same thing over in Mizgarz... Well, tiramisu doesn’t exist over there, of course, but imagine if I had someone make it... </em>Yeah, it would probably cost somewhere in the equivalent of hundreds of thousands of yen over there. Not even nobles or royalty ate stuff like this.<em> And I’m saying this as someone who ruled in the past. There’s no doubt about it. </em>But here, these desserts only cost four hundred yen. They even got as cheap as a hundred yen in convenience stores. <em>I suppose the only sad thing is that I would have liked to have tried this with no prior knowledge of it. </em></p>

      <p>“Still, though, it’s ironic.” Benet, who had at some point downed all of her tiramisu, seemed to sneer as she spoke.</p>

      <p>Dina and I both turned to look at her. “What is?”</p>

      <p>“Basically, the Goddess likes people who walk on their own two feet. However, those kinds of people would never move according to some third-rate script. Of course, the stronger the sense of independence a person has, the more they’ll reject the Goddess’s intervention and view it as unnecessary. As a result, the ones who obey her script will always be those idiots who think it’s only natural to be blessed, the kind she hates.” Benet paused for a moment. “The only ones who participate in a puppet show are puppets.”</p>

      <p>Benet’s harsh words caused Dina to cover her face as she gave a small laugh. Her expression made it seem like she was pitying someone who wasn’t present. However, Dina quickly raised her head again, having returned to her usual smile. That was when more servers came from the kitchen. Apparently Benet had called them.</p>

      <p>“I want two more each of the pudding and tiramisu from before. Oh, and a gelato too.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p><em>And you only said, “It wasn’t bad,” Benet... If it was delicious, you can just come out and say it. You’re so coy about the strangest things.</em></p>

      <p>“At the moment, the Goddess has almost no pieces left. If you leave out the ouroboroses, which are her last resort, then it’s really just Sol, who can barely stand up to you two.”</p>

      <p>“Sol?”</p>

      <p>“The last member of the Seven Luminaries. He’s the avatar of the Sun element ouroboros, and unlike me, he’s completely on the Goddess’s side. Depending on how he moves, Sei might end up strongly wishing for power, and that’ll cause him to be brainwashed by the Goddess.”</p>

      <p><em>I see. So the Goddess’s plan would be to completely turn that kid Sei into the hero and force him to clash with me, huh? </em>Still, he alone wouldn’t be a match for me as I was now, but if he were to unite humanity under the name of the hero, then things would turn troublesome. Public opinion was a much more troublesome thing than simple violence. If the people of the world were to wish for my downfall, then Megrez and the others might be forced to fight me. There was nothing more dangerous than a group of people who were convinced they were in the right thanks to mass psychology.</p>

      <p>“That’s certainly troublesome...” I said, trailing off. “But more importantly, will you be all right?”</p>

      <p>“Probably not. Most likely, the day will soon come when I am moved as one of the Goddess’s pieces. As long as I am her avatar, this is something that’s unavoidable. There’s nothing I can do about it with my own will.” Dina spoke calmly as her eyes met with mine.</p>

      <p>Her eyes said that she was already prepared for the end that was probably coming to her. Yes, she knew exactly what would happen to her in the end.</p>

      <p>“So, Miss Lufas, please don’t hesitate when the time comes.”</p>

      <p>After a moment of silence, I said, “Yeah, you’re right.”</p>

      <p>Dina’s words had me also steeling my resolve. Yes, my course of action was already decided. If I wanted to take down the Goddess, then having to face Dina as an enemy was unavoidable, no matter what path we took. The Goddess could control Dina as a pawn and take her hostage. There was no way she wouldn’t use such an easy-to-realize and effective move. That was why I, too, had to resolve myself.</p>

      <p>After that, we continued discussing several things before leaving the diner. All that was left was to go to a place with no witnesses so we could go back to the other world. When we returned, it would most likely ring in the start to the final battle.</p>

      <p>It seemed that there was still an enemy named Sol, but I wasn’t worried about that. After all, I still had the Twelve Stars waiting for me on the other side. They would surely protect everything while I was gone. However, there was one place I wanted to stop by before all that.</p>

      <p>“Dina, can we cross over time for just a little? I’d like to make a detour...”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>I paused. “What was that just now? A bug? Get it together, devs.”</p>

      <p>I was disappointed. After the huge event the other day, I was about to log in again when the Goddess Alovenus appeared, and I got really excited for the start of a new event. I mean, who wouldn’t? After all, she even said, “I shall grant you a new role.” But then, the screen just flashed, and nothing happened. <em>I’m this close to asking for my excitement back. Still... Hmm...</em></p>

      <p>Now that I thought about it, I didn’t really feel like logging in today. Rather, I was starting to wonder why I was so into this game in the first place. I’d spent so much game time and money in <em>Exgate Online</em> because I was so entranced by it, but with a second to think about it, I started to realize that it honestly wasn’t that good a game. I mean, the game balance was totally nonexistent. My friends had also said this game was trash. Back then, I’d gotten all offended and argued back, but now, I kind of felt like they were right.</p>

      <p><em>Well, I guess MMOs are just like that.</em> It happened a lot where, while people were addicted, they didn’t notice, but the second they got some distance from the game, they cooled on it completely.</p>

      <p><em>Let’s see... All I’ve been doing these days is playing way too many games, so let’s do something different today. For now, it might be nice to go walk around the nearby stores and go window-shopping to see if there’re any good games. Wait, but then I’m still just looking for more games.</em></p>

      <p>While feeling a bit fed up with myself, I descended the stairs and opened the door to my house. When I did, my pet cat, Fahl, jumped out of the little crack in the door, running outside.</p>

      <p>“Ah, hey!”</p>

      <p>I hurried out of the house to chase after Fahl, but unexpectedly, I caught up with him right away. He was rubbing his head up against a blonde bombshell who had probably just happened to be passing by. <em>Wait, this is impossible. What the hell? How is she so beautiful? Is this CG?</em> Her golden hair seemed to shine and sparkle in the sunlight, the ends of her hair somehow appearing to change into a scarlet hue. She kind of possibly looked like the character I’d made in <em>Exgate Online</em>.</p>

      <p>She gently picked up Fahl and walked up to me. “Is this cat th<em>—</em> I mean, yours?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, yes. Th-That’s right.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>The beauty handed the cat back to me and continued on her way.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>