<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 18</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>She can turn invisible? Wow!</em> Simple thoughts raced through Liselotte’s mind as she gave a short but delighted reply, holding onto Aishia’s left hand tightly as directed.</p>

      <p>“...” Aishia opened the door with her right hand and silently activated her spirit arts. A soft wind wrapped around them.</p>

      <p>The next moment, Liselotte could no longer see her surroundings. It was as though she was separated from the world by a layer of fog. Aishia, who could visualize magic essence, didn’t have an issue seeing outside the fog. At the same time, anyone outside the fog wouldn’t be able to see them within it.</p>

      <p><em>What...? This isn’t magic?</em></p>

      <p>The confusion in Liselotte’s mind was overwritten by amazement. There’d be no end to it if she acted shocked by everything that happened.</p>

      <p>“Don’t touch the fog you can see. The space will shake and it’ll undo the illusion.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right.”</p>

      <p>There was one thing she understood: Haruto, Aishia, and Aria were the strongest people in the Galarc Kingdom right now. And the three of them were currently risking themselves for her. She’d suffered alone since being brought to this country, making her all the happier that the three had come for her. They were so reliable, she couldn’t suppress her elated emotions.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much.” Instead of replying loudly, Liselotte gave Aishia’s hand a firm squeeze.</p>

      <p>“No worries. All that’s left is to walk quietly to Haruto and Aria. Let’s go.” Aishia pulled Liselotte by the hand, leading her towards a bright future.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>At the same time, Rio and Aria were waiting in a deserted alley roughly five minutes from the building where Liselotte was being held captive. They were ready to execute their rescue plan, so Rio was wearing his black wyvern coat.</p>

      <p>“They’ve just left Liselotte’s room. We’ll be able to meet up with them in five minutes at the earliest. It’s finally time,” Rio informed Aria. They were to act as diversions and guards if something were to happen, but if Liselotte and Aishia were able to leave the room in an invisible state then they shouldn’t have any issue getting here.</p>

      <p>Once they met up, the plan was to either continue on foot if no one noticed Liselotte’s disappearance, or take to the skies and speed away if a commotion was stirred up.</p>

      <p>“Hopefully they’ll be able to reach us without any issues...”</p>

      <p>“As long as the invisibility art is up, it’ll be hard to detect them without having extremely sharp senses. I’m sure it’ll be fine.”</p>

      <p>“If I may ask out of curiosity... What does it actually look like when they disappear?” Aria asked hesitantly.</p>

      <p>“Would you like to see for yourself?”</p>

      <p>Rio activated his spirit arts. A gentle wind wrapped around his body. From Aria’s view, the air where Rio stood distorted for a few seconds before he completely vanished. An empty space without any distortion remained. No matter how you looked at it, there was no sign of anyone standing there.</p>

      <p>“I see... That’s impressive. You become one with the background in a matter of seconds.” Aria’s eyes widened.</p>

      <p>“It only makes you invisible to the eye, so voices can still be heard and presences can still be felt. The illusion only removes visual information. Vigorous movement will undo the invisibility, and anything that touches the barrier will make the air shake. Anyone who can visualize magic essence will notice that abnormality. It’s not an almighty trick, so it can’t be trusted too much...” Rio said, listing the demerits of invisibility arts.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t as though they disappeared from this plane like when a spirit turned into their spirit form, so it was hard to use in combat. Against a spirit art user who could visualize essence, it was little more than a party trick.</p>

      <p>“It’s still plenty useful, I believe. It’s extremely hard to detect your presence from afar. Anyone who doesn’t know about the trick will be completely fooled. We’re able to make such a bold rescue plan because of it too,” Aria said, impressed.</p>

      <p>It was at that moment that they heard it.</p>

      <p>A booming explosion roared from the direction of the official building—several times in succession. Immediately afterwards...</p>

      <p><em>I’m sorry, Haruto. Someone saw through the invisibility art.</em></p>

      <p>A telepathic message from Aishia reached Rio.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Shortly before Rio showed the invisibility spirit art to Aria, Aishia and Liselotte were marching through the mansion.</p>

      <p><em>We really can’t be seen by anyone... Amazing.</em></p>

      <p>They passed numerous soldiers patrolling the building, but not a single one had noticed the two of them.</p>

      <p>The only problem was the guard in front of Liselotte’s room going missing—if anyone noticed that and checked inside the room, they’d see she had gone missing. But it was unlikely for that to happen in the time it took them to leave the building. There was no sign of anyone hurrying through the corridors either.</p>

      <p>However, the real problem happened just as they were about to leave the door and go outside. They were walking through the courtyard towards the gate, when...</p>

      <p>“Hey, the hostage is trying to run! It’s Liselotte! Liselotte Cretia is running away!” someone yelled loudly.</p>

      <p>Aishia hadn’t dispelled their invisibility. She cast her sharp gaze around their surroundings.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to carry you.” She suddenly picked Liselotte up in a bridal carry. The moment she did so, the invisibility art was canceled. No sooner had she done that—</p>

      <p>“Aah!”</p>

      <p>Orbs of light dozens of centimeters in diameter came raining down where she stood. <em>Boom</em>! an explosive sound roared.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t a single orb that rained down—a second, third, fourth, and fifth shot in short succession. Each one had quite the power behind it, and they fell at a moderate speed. With Liselotte in her arms, Aishia took light steps to evade each shot. Each orb landed with a heavy explosion, gouging open the land. Aishia looked up at the sky, watching out for a follow-up attack, but the barrage seemed to have ended. However, the succession of attacks had sent a roar through the city. Naturally, the guards around them had noticed the abnormality and were closing in on them.</p>

      <p><em>I’m sorry, Haruto. Someone saw through the invisibility art, </em>Aishia immediately reported to Rio.</p>

      <p><em>Plan B. Fly away immediately and prioritize Liselotte’s safety. I’ll back you up from the skies, </em>Rio replied promptly.</p>

      <p>“Liselotte, we’re going with Plan B.”</p>

      <p>“P-Plan B?”</p>

      <p>Liselotte looked bewildered at the first mention of a Plan B.</p>

      <p>“Here goes.” Aishia kicked off the ground, leaping up. She gained more and more altitude, just as the guards of the estate gathered outside the building. Erica, Andrei, and Natalia were among them.</p>

      <p>“W-Wait... What? What?!”</p>

      <p>They had easily jumped several meters high. The jump was seemingly made with no destination in mind, so Liselotte wondered where they were jumping for at first. That thought was then followed by the realization they weren’t falling—they were rising higher and higher against gravity instead, making her eyes widen.</p>

      <p>Liselotte had decided not to feel shocked at everything anymore, but the consecutive events that surpassed her common sense left her astonished.</p>

      <p>Just then, orbs of light passed over Aishia’s head in a gentle arc. They were smaller than the ones earlier, but there were many more of them, and much faster in speed.</p>

      <p>“Guh...” Aishia suddenly dropped her altitude, slipping under the rush of orbs. If she had continued rising as she was before, she would have taken the attack directly.</p>

      <p>In the next moment, more orbs rained down. This time they weren’t raining downwards to suppress her flight, but directly towards her. It was an attack clearly calculated to control her movements.</p>

      <p>“Hold onto me tightly.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right!”</p>

      <p>Aishia took off in a zigzagging burst. But even as she dodged the orbs, more were fired at her without end.</p>

      <p><em>Haruto, there’s an enemy firing long-distance shots to prevent me from gaining altitude. A skilled spirit arts caster. The same person who saw through my invisibility, I believe.</em></p>

      <p>Aishia contacted Rio while evading the attacks. She would have been able to handle the situation alone, but it was hard to make fine movements and increase her speed while carrying Liselotte.</p>

      <p><em>Got it, </em>Rio replied. At the same time, Saint Erica burst up from the ground towards Aishia, who was flying at a low altitude of five meters or so.</p>

      <p>“You’re not getting away.”</p>

      <p>She swung her bishop staff, seemingly attempting to knock the two of them back to the ground by force.</p>

      <p><em>We’ve arrived, </em>Rio’s voice echoed in Aishia’s head as someone leaped down towards Saint Erica. It was Aria.</p>

      <p>“Huh?!”</p>

      <p>Erica noticed the shadow over her and braced her staff above her head. It immediately clashed with the sword Aria swung down with all her might.</p>

      <p>“Haaah!” Aria used the momentum of her fall to add to the physical strength of her enhanced body, swinging her sword vigorously. Having braced herself late, Erica was hit with the attack.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>