<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 18</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“You’re the terrifying one... Ngh. Why would you...do that to your allies...” Rio coughed, questioning her in a haggard voice. The pain running throughout his body made it difficult to refine any magic essence. The moment he let his mind slip, he would collapse. His vision was a blur—whether it was because of his fading consciousness or the blood in his eyes, he wasn’t sure. He had no magic essence to spare on healing. All he could do was maintain his physical body enhancement in order to ignore his body’s screams.</p>

      <p>“You’re the one who killed them.”</p>

      <p>“What...”</p>

      <p>“Enough talk.”</p>

      <p>“Ngh.”</p>

      <p>Rio’s movements were clearly sluggish—probably because of the pain. He was struggling to keep up with swinging attacks that were nothing but speed. Even then, he somehow managed to gain some distance between them.</p>

      <p>“Now, hurry up and die.” Erica aimed where Rio stood and swung her staff into the ground. A shock wave surged from the point of impact, sending dirt flying. Rio took a large leap back to avoid the area of damage.</p>

      <p>“Gah. Urk...” Rio coughed up blood as he moved around vigorously. Erica’s attacks into the ground continued three more times.</p>

      <p>“How stubborn.” Erica tried to close in on Rio out of impatience. However...</p>

      <p><em>It’d be bad if this drags out. I have to end it here!</em></p>

      <p>It was Rio’s chance for a counterattack. He sharpened his senses, readying himself to land the finishing blow the moment she approached.</p>

      <p>“It’s over.” Erica let her physical body enhancement do the rest of the talking and swung her staff down early. Rio ended up swinging his sword belatedly. He could feel the damage to his body surpass the point of what he could ignore with a physical enhancement, but—</p>

      <p>“Nn!”</p>

      <p>It was Rio who predicted correctly. He used the momentum of Erica’s downward swing and pushed his sword down on the tip. The bishop’s staff slammed into the ground with tremendous force, sending dirt flying.</p>

      <p>Foreseeing that, Rio took a huge leap forward and used his momentum to aim a knee strike at Erica’s jaw.</p>

      <p>“Ah!”</p>

      <p>Enough force was applied to Erica’s lower jaw to blow her whole body backwards. If she hadn’t had her body enhanced, the bone would have been shattered to pieces, snapping her spine at the neck.</p>

      <p>It was a blow with enough strength to knock out even a physically enhanced body. In fact, Erica reeled from the damage too, but...</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>As she flew backwards, Erica swung her staff from left to right with her dominant hand. She was trying to blow away Rio, who was yet to land on the ground after getting in his strike. Rio seemed to have predicted that Erica was still conscious, as he grabbed her shoulder before she could fall backwards and pulled her closer, lifting her body. By the time he released his hand, he was back on the ground with corrected footing.</p>

      <p>In contrast, Erica tried to thrust her staff forward with all her might when Rio released her, but she ended up leaning too far forward, staggering off-balance.</p>

      <p>“Ngh.” Rio ignored the pain in his organs and used that chance to aim a thrust at Erica’s back. Guessing that she would be attacked from behind after finally showing an opening, Erica swung her staff back without looking. But Rio could easily see through such a blow.</p>

      <p>He purposefully paused just outside of her reach, resuming his advance after the staff finished its full swing.</p>

      <p>“Ah!”</p>

      <p>He slipped right up to her front, using the wide opening from her swing to aim his sword, stabbing it into her heart with no hesitation. Then, he gave the blade a firm twist with all his might.</p>

      <p>“Guh... Gahah...”</p>

      <p>Despite having dealt the finishing blow, Rio’s face looked closer to death. However, once his sword had sunk in far enough, he yanked it out and took as much distance from Erica as he could.</p>

      <p>“Heh. Heheh...” Erica had fallen to one knee, but her mouth was twisted into an eerie smirk. The stab wound in her heart quickly dyed her clothes a bloody red. No matter how sturdy a physical body enhancement might be, there was no avoiding death once the heart was pierced through.</p>

      <p>“Hah...” Rio was completely out of breath. He stabbed his sword into the ground and used it to support his body as he sank to one knee, just like Erica.</p>

      <p>Immediately after, Erica collapsed face down onto the ground. “Hurk... Guh...”</p>

      <p>Rio watched Erica’s figure on the ground for a moment before making his approach, all while coughing up blood himself. He then kneeled beside her and flipped her over, checking her for a pulse.</p>

      <p>There was a chance she was still alive, so he couldn’t let his guard down yet. He still had his physical body enhancement up as well.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no pulse... She’s dead. The beast has disappeared too.</em></p>

      <p>With that, all the tension in his nerves snapped like a thread.</p>

      <p><em>Everything’s gone hazy... This is bad. I can’t breathe well either. I have to heal myself...and meet up with Aishia...</em></p>

      <p>Struggling to think, Rio staggered to his feet and cast a healing spirit art with poorly controlled magic essence. Then, in order to meet up with the others, he began to walk southwards.</p>

      <p>After progressing ten meters or so...</p>

      <p><em>Ha...to... I’m...way...now.</em></p>

      <p>He could hear someone’s voice.</p>

      <p><em>Ai...shia?</em></p>

      <p>Rio fell to his knees, staring forward in a daze. At that moment, Aishia descended before him.</p>

      <p>“Everything’s okay now.”</p>

      <p>She embraced him gently, wrapping him up in a healing light.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>When Rio fell unconscious, Aishia picked him up and flew south.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>