<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>The Eminence in Shadow, Vol. 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
</head>

<body>
  <div class="galley-rw">
    <section class="backmatter-rw Appendix-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="backmatter appendix" id="appendix007">
      <h1 class="appendix-title"><a href="toc.xhtml#toc-appendix007">Afterword</a></h1>

      <p class="noindent"><a id="page-249"></a>Thank you all so much for buying Volume 5 of <em>The Eminence in Shadow</em>. I’m sorry about the wait.</p>

      <p>I know it’s been over a year and a half since the last book, but there’s a lot of different projects I’ve been working on. The anime adaptation, for example, and the video game.</p>

      <p class="space-break">As of right now, December 2022, the anime is currently airing and getting some good buzz. I’ve been involved a bit as the original creator, but I have to say, the staff has done a bang-up job on the adaptation.</p>

      <p>I’d like to take this moment to express how thankful I am to everyone involved in the anime production. Thank you all so, so much.</p>

      <p class="space-break">I’ve also been helping out behind the scenes on the <em>Master of Garden</em> mobile game. Its Seven Shadows Chronicles stories are full to bursting with Seven Shadows content, and I’ve been supervising all of them. They’ve also been gracious enough to let me write some bonus material for the game’s main story, which is another way you can experience the original plotline.</p>

      <p>The game is still running, and it’s filled with stories I couldn’t fit in the novels, so I’d love it if you gave it a try.</p>

      <p>Like earlier, I’d also like to take a moment to express how thankful I am to everyone who’s been working on the game. Thank you all so, so much.</p>

      <p class="space-break">On top of that, there are some figurines coming out. I can’t believe Alpha and Beta are really getting figurines, and such high-quality ones, at <a id="page-250"></a>that. Between that and all the other merch in the pipeline, too, this last year and a half has truly been a wild ride.</p>

      <p class="space-break">I’d also like to extend some special shout-outs to my editor, who’s been right there with me every step of the way, even as my progress on Volume 5 completely stagnated; to Touzai, who’s brought <em>The Eminence in Shadow</em> to life through their countless fantastic illustrations; to Araki from BALCOLONY, whose incredible designs adorn this book; and to everyone who waited patiently for Volume 5 to come out.</p>

      <p>Thank you all, from the bottom of my heart.</p>

      <p class="space-break">…With that being said, I’m going to buckle down to make sure that the wait for Volume 6 is shorter than it was for this one! I hope to see you all then!</p>

      <p class="right"><strong><em>Daisuke Aizawa</em></strong></p>
    </section>
  </div>
</body>
</html>