<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>The Eminence in Shadow, Vol. 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
</head>

<body>
  <div class="galley-rw">
    <section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter030">
      <p>“Because you’re one of the involved parties.”</p>

      <p>“I already told you I was asleep in my dorm. I dunno anything about what happened.”</p>

      <p>“Claire hasn’t woken up since then. The Knight Order wants to talk to you about her.”</p>

      <p>“Ohhh, the thing with my sister. Yeah, I have nothing to tell them. It’s not like I know anything about that, either.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t doubt it. You don’t know anything. Not about what’s happening to the world, or about how deep its darkness runs…”</p>

      <p>A smile plays on the silver-haired girl’s face.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, so I dunno why they wanna talk to me.”</p>

      <p>“They aren’t expecting anything to come from it. They’re just checking off boxes.”</p>

      <p>“Eh, I guess that’s fair,” the dark-haired boy says, sounding a little irked.</p>

      <p>A cold wintry breeze blows through the window, sending the girl’s beautiful hair aflutter.</p>

      <p>“Can you shut that?” the boy asks. “It’s freezing in here.”</p>

      <p>“You know, Fido,” the girl starts, ignoring the boy’s request, “I really am jealous of how simple your life is.”</p>

      <p>“You make that sound like an insult.”</p>

      <p>“No, I mean it. I hope it can always stay that way.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t follow,” the boy replies. The girl smiles.</p>

      <p>Then the boy hears his name being called from outside the classroom.</p>

      <p>“Anyways, I’ll see you later. Those guys from Knight Order wanna chat with me.”</p>

      <p>He reaches for the door.</p>

      <p>“…Tell me, Fido,” the girl calls after him. “Have you ever wanted to live forever?”</p>

      <p>The boy whips his head around so fast, it seems liable to fly off. “More than anything.”</p>

      <p>“R-really?”</p>

      <p>“I’d let the whole world burn, if that’s what it took.”</p>

      <p><a id="page-237"></a>“I can see that you were the wrong person to ask.”</p>

      <p>“If you find a way to pull it off, let me know,” the dark-haired boy says, looking dead serious as he leaves the classroom.</p>

      <p>Now alone, the silver-haired girl lets out a sigh. “Eternal life… Shadow’s not some materialist like Fido. If Shadow’s after eternal life, then what’s going to become of the world?”</p>

      <p>She looks up at the sky.</p>

      <p>The stagnant gray heavens seem to continue forever.</p>
    </section>
  </div>
</body>
</html>