<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>The Eminence in Shadow, Vol. 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
</head>

<body>
  <div class="galley-rw">
    <section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter020">
      <h1 class="chapter-number"><a id="page-151"></a><a href="toc.xhtml#toc-chapter020"><strong>Chapter 4</strong></a></h1>

      <h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="toc.xhtml#toc-chapter020">Peace in Our Time!</a></h1>

      <p class="noindent">“So they made their way to the deepest level, did they?” Fenrir mutters amid the white fog.</p>

      <p>In front of the undamaged equipment, there’s a pool of blood and two sets of footprints.</p>

      <p>“They should have been able to destroy the devices. Did they realize we didn’t have enough magic? No, even if they did, it would have been safer to destroy it anyway.”</p>

      <p>The bloody footprints go right past the devices and on to the door beyond them.</p>

      <p>“The door won’t open until the seal’s been undone. What did they even come here for?”</p>

      <p>Fenrir walks over to the door with Diablos’s right arm sealed behind it. That’s when he notices that the defense mechanism’s been triggered.</p>

      <p>“Did Lily drive them off?”</p>

      <p>It’s the only explanation that makes sense to him.</p>

      <p>Whatever the case may be, though, it won’t be long before the Shadow Garden makes their next move. He’s running low on time.</p>

      <p>“…My, my. It would seem you’re in a bit of a bind.”</p>

      <p>All of a sudden, a voice echoes out from the fog.</p>

      <p>Fenrir whirls around and lashes out with his sword. The force of his slash parts the fog.</p>

      <p>He sees a priest standing in its place.</p>

      <p>The priest gives him a thin smile. “Ooh, scary.”</p>

      <p>“Oh. Petos. It’s you. Next time, at least tell me you’re here. I was about to kill you there.”</p>
    </section>
  </div>
</body>
</html>