<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>The Eminence in Shadow, Vol. 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
</head>

<body>
  <div class="galley-rw">
    <section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="copyright">
      <h1 class="copyright-title"><a href="toc.xhtml#toc-copyright">Copyright</a></h1>

      <p class="copyright-space">The Eminence in Shadow 05</p>

      <p class="copyright">DAISUKE AIZAWA</p>

      <p class="copyright-space">Translation by Nathaniel Hiroshi Thrasher</p>

      <p class="copyright">Cover art by Touzai</p>

      <p class="copyright-space">This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.</p>

      <p class="copyright-space">KAGE NO JITSURYOKUSHA NI NARITAKUTE ! Vol. 5</p>

      <p class="copyright">© Daisuke Aizawa 2022</p>

      <p class="copyright">First published in Japan in 2022 by KADOKAWA CORPORATION, Tokyo.</p>

      <p class="copyright">English translation rights arranged with KADOKAWA CORPORATION, Tokyo, through TUTTLE-MORI AGENCY, INC., Tokyo.</p>

      <p class="copyright-space">English translation © 2024 by Yen Press, LLC</p>

      <p class="copyright-space">Yen Press, LLC supports the right to free expression and the value of copyright. The purpose of copyright is to encourage writers and artists to produce the creative works that enrich our culture.</p>

      <p class="copyright-space">The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book without permission is a theft of the author’s intellectual property. If you would like permission to use material from the book (other than for review purposes), please contact the publisher. Thank you for your support of the author’s rights.</p>

      <p class="copyright-space">Yen On</p>

      <p class="copyright">150 West 30th Street, 19th Floor</p>

      <p class="copyright">New York, NY 10001</p>

      <p class="copyright-space">Visit us at <a href="http://yenpress.com">yenpress.com</a></p>

      <p class="copyright"><a href="http://facebook.com/yenpress">facebook.com/yenpress</a></p>

      <p class="copyright"><a href="http://twitter.com/yenpress">twitter.com/yenpress</a></p>

      <p class="copyright"><a href="http://yenpress.tumblr.com">yenpress.tumblr.com</a></p>

      <p class="copyright"><a href="http://instagram.com/yenpress">instagram.com/yenpress</a></p>

      <p class="copyright-space">First Yen On Edition: July 2024</p>

      <p class="copyright">Edited by Yen On Editorial: Rachel Mimms</p>

      <p class="copyright">Designed by Yen Press Design: Wendy Chan</p>

      <p class="copyright-space">Yen On is an imprint of Yen Press, LLC.</p>

      <p class="copyright">The Yen On name and logo are trademarks of Yen Press, LLC.</p>

      <p class="copyright-space">The publisher is not responsible for websites (or their content) that are not owned by the publisher.</p>

      <p class="copyright-space">Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data</p>

      <p class="copyright1">Names: Aizawa, Daisuke, author. | Touzai, illustrator. | Fernandez, Kristi, 1992– translator. | Thrasher, Nathaniel Hiroshi, translator.</p>

      <p class="copyright1">Title: The eminence in shadow / Daisuke Aizawa ; illustration by Touzai.</p>

      <p class="copyright1">Other titles: Kage no jitsuryokusha ni naritakute. English</p>

      <p class="copyright1">Description: First Yen On edition. | New York, NY : Yen On, 2020. | v. 1 Translator, Kristi Fernandez — v. 2–5 Translator, Nathaniel Hiroshi Thrasher.</p>

      <p class="copyright1">Identifiers: LCCN 2019034416 | ISBN 9781975359058 (v. 1 ; hardcover) | ISBN 9781975386993 (v. 2 ; hardcover) | ISBN 9781975315771 (v. 3 ; hardcover) | ISBN 9781975341848 (v. 4 ; hardcover) | ISBN 9781975375256 (v. 5 ; hardcover)</p>

      <p class="copyright1">Subjects: CYAC: Secret societies—Fiction. | Good and evil—Fiction. | Fantasy.</p>

      <p class="copyright1">Classification: LCC PZ7.1.A369 Em 2019 | DDC [Fic]—dc23</p>

      <p class="copyright1">LC record available at https://lccn.loc.gov/2019034416</p>

      <p class="copyright-space">ISBNs: 978-1-9753-7525-6 (hardcover)</p>

      <p class="copyright">978-1-9753-7526-3 (ebook)</p>

      <p class="copyright-space">E3-20240627-JV-NF-ORI</p>
    </section>
  </div>
</body>
</html>