<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten Vol. 1</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:da0f2a52-10de-480a-97fc-f5a782123a92" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter016">
<p>Previously, Amane had said he didn’t have any particular likes or dislikes, but he did in fact love Japanese food. He wanted to reassure Mahiru, who looked apologetic for having only prepared easy recipes, that this was exactly what he had wanted.</p>
<p>“…It looks amazing,” Amane said.</p>
<p>“I’m happy to hear you say that. Eat up while it’s still hot.”</p>
<p>Mahiru sat down in a chair next to her, so Amane took a seat across the table.</p>
<p>His dining table was small, since he lived alone, so no matter how they sat, they were still close together. It was lucky that Amane happened to have two chairs just in case a guest stopped by, but seeing a beautiful girl sitting right before his eyes evoked some indescribable feeling from within him.</p>
<p>Once Amane set upon the food, however, even Mahiru’s beauty ceased to matter.</p>
<p>Hurriedly, he said “Let’s eat” and started with the miso soup.</p>
<p>The moment he brought the bowl to his lips and took a sip, the fragrant miso and the flavor of the dashi spread through his mouth. The gentle taste was so completely different from instant miso soup. Amane could tell that it must have been prepared with great care. The miso flavor wasn’t overpowering, and it was thoughtfully seasoned to allow the taste of the dashi broth to come through.</p>
<p>At first, Amane felt that the soup’s taste was just a little bit strong, but after he considered drinking it while eating the other dishes, he realized that it struck the perfect balance and knew he would empty his bowl. Rather than being overwhelming, the miso soup was a comforting flavor. It was a taste that made you want to eat more.</p>
<p>“Delicious,” Amane said with sincerity.</p>
<p>“Thank you for saying so.” Mahiru’s eyes crinkled in a relieved smile.</p>
<p>Amane had been complimenting Mahiru’s cooking for a while, but she’d probably been feeling nervous with this being the first time she’d cooked right in front of him.</p>
<p>Mahiru watched Amane for a few moments before eating anything herself. Once she finally did start digging in, Amane extended his chopsticks toward the other dishes.</p>
<p>Sampling a bit of each dish, it came as no surprise to Amane that everything Mahiru had prepared was fantastic.</p>
<p>The simmered fish was bursting with juicy flavor without sacrificing its tenderness.</p>
<p>Usually when fish was cooked for a long time to bring out the taste, it would naturally lose some moisture and dry out, but this one was plump and had a nice texture.</p>
<p>As for the rolled omelets, they were tailored exactly to Amane’s tastes. They were an enticingly vivid yellow, and when Amane stuffed one in his mouth, he was unsurprised by the gentle seasoning of dashi that greeted him.</p>
<p>When it came to Japanese-style omelets, Amane knew, some people added sugar when making them, while others only used salt. These rolled ones had been flavored with dashi, however. In addition to the rich taste of the dashi, Amane could also taste a faint sweetness. He wondered if that light undertone came from honey. There probably wasn’t that much in the rolled omelets, but the satisfying hint of sweetness brought out a real depth.</p>
<p>Amane had no real preference between sweet or salty when it came to egg dishes, but the ones he liked best combined the complex flavor of dashi with what he suspected was a bit of honey. Mahiru had accomplished that expertly, and Amane found himself quite impressed.</p>
<p>Quietly muttering that the rolled omelets were delicious, Amane grabbed another one with his chopsticks and quickly tossed it in his mouth.</p>
<p>Not only had they been perfectly flavored, they’d been skillfully cooked as well. The stock added to the eggs made them extra juicy.</p>
<p><em>These are definitely better than Mom’s rolled omelets.</em> He kept rude thoughts about his nonpresent mother to himself as he smacked his lips happily. Then he realized that Mahiru was staring at him.</p>
<p>“…You really seem to be enjoying it.”</p>
<p>“Because it’s all so good. I’m paying my respects to the delicious food.”</p>
<p>“Sure, all right.”</p>
<p>“Besides, doesn’t it feel better when I’m honest about how much I enjoy it rather than sitting here eating with a blank expression?”</p>
<p><em>If you think something’s delicious, you’ve got to really act like it, otherwise, the person who made it will be left wondering. Even if you say you enjoy it, who would believe you if you didn’t look the part? It’s better to be honest and just let how you feel show directly on your face. Whether you’re the one giving thanks or being thanked, it’s best to do what feels good.</em></p>
<p>“…Yes, I suppose so…” Mahiru seemed to understand what Amane was saying, and she smiled slightly. It was a gentle expression, and it betrayed just a hint of relief. It was sweet enough that all of Amane’s thoughts ground to a halt for a second.</p>
<p>“…Fujimiya?” Mahiru asked.</p>
<p>“Ah…no, it’s nothing,” Amane replied. He’d been enchanted by the angel’s smile, but he couldn’t possibly tell her that. To conceal his growing embarrassment, Amane took another bite of food, ending any further discussion.</p>
<p class="space-break">“…Thank you for dinner.”</p>
<p>“I’m glad you liked it.”</p>
<p>Amane had completely devoured every dish Mahiru had laid out. Mahiru’s words had been calm, but her expression was serene, and she seemed happy that Amane had packed everything into his stomach. Not a single grain of rice had been left behind.</p>
<p>“It was delicious,” Amane complimented.</p>
<p>“I could tell that much just by watching you,” Mahiru quipped dryly.</p>
<p>“Better than my mom’s cooking.”</p>
<p>“I hear it’s taboo to compare a girl’s cooking to your mother’s.”</p>
<p>“Isn’t that only true when you’re criticizing someone? Anyway, does that bother you?”</p>
<p>“I don’t mind, no.”</p>
<p>“Well then, it’s fine, right? It doesn’t change the fact that it’s delicious.”</p>
<p>Mahiru was clearly no amateur cook. Amane’s mother probably had more years of experience under her belt, but she preferred different tastes, and many of her dishes were fairly bland, so they were no match for Mahiru’s carefully concocted foods.</p>
<p>“…Man, this is so awesome. To be able to eat like that every night!” exclaimed Amane.</p>
<p>“As long as I don’t have anything else going on, that is,” Mahiru added.</p>
<p>“…So I can really host you every night for dinner?”</p>
<p>“I wouldn’t have suggested it if I was against the idea.”</p>
<p>“Well, I guess that’s true.”</p>
<p>Mahiru was a straight shooter, so of course she would’ve never agreed to it if she didn’t want to in the first place. Amane still wasn’t sure if it was okay to have her cooking for him like this so often, however.</p>
<p>He was paying for half the ingredients, plus a bit extra to cover her labor, but even so, he couldn’t help feeling like the burden on Mahiru was too large.</p>
<p>“…Do you normally cook for boys you don’t even like?” Amane asked.</p>
<p>“I’m doing it because you were neglecting your health. Besides, I enjoy the act of cooking itself, and I don’t hate seeing you eat it with such gusto.”</p>
<p>“But…,” Amane started.</p>
<p>“If it bothers you that much, it would be no problem to stop.”</p>
<p>“No, please, I’m begging you.”</p>
<p>At the first sign of Mahiru possibly not cooking for him anymore, Amane instantly retracted any and all complaints. That was just how much her food meant to him. To have it snatched away now—it would practically be a matter of life and death.</p>
<p>Amane was entirely aware that Mahiru had gained full control of him by way of his stomach, but Mahiru’s cooking was just too delicious to refuse. Returning to convenience-store meals now would be like robbing the world of color.</p>
<p>Shocked at Amane’s immediate reply, Mahiru was stunned for a moment before breaking into a smile.</p>
<p>“Well then, please continue to enjoy.”</p>
<p>“…Okay.”</p>
<p>It appeared that Amane’s days of dining with the extremely charitable angel who made all the food by hand would continue for a while yet. Amane couldn’t help but sigh from happiness, guilt, and anticipation.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>