<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten Vol. 1</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:da0f2a52-10de-480a-97fc-f5a782123a92" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter025">
<p>Chitose was staring at Amane and Mahiru as they reflected on their carelessness, and her eyes sparkled as she leaned in close. “So Amane’s next-door neighbor was the angel all along?!”</p>
<p>“Um, please don’t call me that…” True to form, Mahiru hated being called an angel to her face and politely objected to the nickname, but Chitose was grinning from ear to ear, and it wasn’t clear whether she was listening.</p>
<p>Itsuki, meanwhile, scratched his cheek and looked back and forth between Amane and Mahiru, eyebrows raised. “Wow. So…just to recap, Shiina lives next door, and she’s been making you meals this whole time. Is that about right?”</p>
<p>“…Yeah,” Amane admitted.</p>
<p>“W-well…um, I had a favor to repay, and I could tell by looking at him that Fujimiya was not eating well, and that bothered me, so…”</p>
<p>The two tried their best to explain how they first met and why they’d continued seeing each other. Itsuki acted like he understood but still wore an expression like he didn’t quite comprehend it.</p>
<p>Amane thought that if he were in Itsuki’s position, he probably wouldn’t be able to grasp the whole story, either. Who would believe that an incredible girl like Mahiru would so casually decide to start caring for an unremarkable slob like Amane?</p>
<p>“Hmm, so I think I understand the situation, but what’s really strange about all this is the idea that you don’t have any ulterior motives toward Amane, Shiina. Like, you’re basically acting as if you’re his part-time wife,” said Itsuki.</p>
<p>“Guh!” Amane sputtered in surprise.</p>
<p><em>Wife?</em></p>
<p>Amane wouldn’t have chosen such a word, but he had to admit that their current interactions did somewhat resemble that sort of relationship. Mahiru made him dinner every night and had even treated him to lunch on a recent weekend. On top of that, she sometimes helped him with cleaning. On the surface, it wasn’t too far off from stereotypical married life. The important distinction was that neither Amane nor Mahiru harbored any romantic feelings for the other.</p>
<p>Mahiru’s eyes had also widened slightly at Itsuki’s assessment, but she very quickly recovered from the shock, and Amane could see her slipping into her cordial public persona. “I can assure you that I have no such intentions whatsoever.”</p>
<p>Amane realized that she was handling Itsuki and Chitose the same way she handled everyone else at school. Suddenly, he felt extremely embarrassed.</p>
<p>“It’s perfectly innocent,” Amane added. “Shiina is just helping me out, okay?”</p>
<p>“If you say so, Amane. It’s just… What a strange pairing. It’s really a bit hard to swallow that such an incredible girl is cooking for you… Hey, that stuffed animal you bought, was that also for her?”</p>
<p>“…Maybe,” Amane conceded.</p>
<p>“Whaaa—?!” Chitose broke into a shout.</p>
<p>“Oh, be quiet.”</p>
<p>“I haven’t said anything yet, though?”</p>
<p>“Your face is loud enough.”</p>
<p>“Rude!”</p>
<p>Chitose’s smirk was irritating. She looked incredibly pleased with herself for having “solved” this mystery. Up to this point, the conversation had proceeded without much teasing, and Amane was grateful for that. He certainly didn’t need any unnecessary prodding right now, and Mahiru likely wouldn’t be thrilled by the idea, either. Amane had been hoping that Chitose would keep her mouth shut.</p>
<p>“Come on now; calm down, both of you.” Itsuki put a stop to things before they really got out of hand. He’d picked up on the change in Amane’s demeanor and was not the type to poke fun at his friend like Chitose would. Itsuki was the kind of guy who was sensitive to how people felt. Of course, Amane wished he’d stopped before prying in the first place, but that ship had sailed.</p>
<p>After scolding Amane and Chitose, Itsuki turned back to Mahiru, who was sitting stiffly on the sidelines, and bowed his head. “…Um, Shiina, thank you for taking care of our Amane.”</p>
<p>“Since when did I become your kid?”</p>
<p>“I should be thanking you, for being such dear friends to Fujimiya,” Mahiru answered gracefully.</p>
<p>“C’mon, not you, too! You’re making me sound like a worthless jerk.”</p>
<p>“You kinda are, though,” Itsuki remarked.</p>
<p>“Hey, screw you.”</p>
<p>He’d heard Itsuki say things like that to him before, but Amane was hardly in the mood right now. Mahiru could have joined in the banter, but she wisely kept silent and smiled, content to watch the exchange between the two boys. She wasn’t being quite as expressive as she was when she was alone with Amane, but that smile lifted the veil on her usual act just a little bit. Perhaps noticing, Itsuki looked befuddled.</p>
<p>Amane made a crack about Itsuki checking her out despite his being taken, and Chitose started pouting and laid into Amane even harder. It was kind of funny, but Mahiru had her head tilted in bemusement, so Amane downplayed his enjoyment and assumed a more relaxed pose.</p>
<p>“…All right, look. We don’t have a mushy-sweet relationship like you guys do, but I still need you both to understand that this could get really hairy if word got out,” said Amane.</p>
<p>“Got it; say nothing to nobody.” Evidently picking up on his friend’s attempts to point out the potential danger, Itsuki quickly nodded in understanding, much to Amane’s surprise.</p>
<p>“You too, Chitose,” Amane added.</p>
<p>“I’m not that much of a chatterbox, you know. Besides, no one would believe that such a cute girl is making dinner and stuff for you of all people.”</p>
<p>“Well, excuse me for being so undeserving…,” Amane muttered.</p>
<p>“Geez, I didn’t mean it like that!”</p>
<p>Amane was well aware that what Chitose was saying was true. It was difficult to accept that the star of the school was taking care of an ordinary schlub like him. If anyone did believe the story, they’d probably curse Amane’s very name for being so undeserving of Mahiru’s angelic attention. Amane was particularly imaginative when it came to visualizing that last part, which was why he really didn’t want the truth about their relationship getting out. He could do without all the trouble.</p>
<p>Chitose laughed at Amane’s sudden humility. Then her gaze shifted to Mahiru, as if her eye had been drawn to something. Chitose let out a heavy sigh as she stared longingly at the other girl. Mahiru quickly turned uncomfortable, like she wasn’t sure what to do.</p>
<p>“Um, what is it?” she asked.</p>
<p>“…It just struck me all over again. Shiina, you’re ridiculously cute, aren’t you?”</p>
<p>“Huh? Thank you very much…?”</p>
<p>Having praised Mahiru right to her face, Chitose continued to stare, scrutinizing every last bit of her.</p>
<p>“This is my first time seeing you so close-up, but sure enough, you really are as beautiful as an angel, aren’t you? Your face has a nice shape, and your skin is lovely and creamy. Plus, your eyelashes are long, your hair is smooth, and you’re slim but still curvy!”</p>
<p>“Uh, um…?” Mahiru managed, flustered.</p>
<p>Amane sighed deeply. He couldn’t deal with Chitose when she got like this. While the girl definitely had her merits, there sure were some things he couldn’t stand about her. He couldn’t put up with her high-energy personality or the fact that she was always butting into other people’s business.</p>
<p>Amane had a particular appreciation for how difficult she could be because he had someone similar in his family. It was all the ways in which Chitose reminded him of his mother that really drove him crazy. Undeniably, Chitose resembled Amane’s mother in taste and disposition; she was obsessed with cute things.</p>
<p>“Wow, seriously, looking closely, you’re an incredible beauty—and so cute! Hey, hey, can I touch your hair? I mean, do you have a secret to getting your hair so smooth and shiny? What shampoo and conditioner do you use?” Chitose pressed.</p>
<p>“Wait, ah, um…so sudden…,” Mahiru stammered.</p>
<p>“Your skin’s so soft, too. What kind of regimen do you follow to keep it like this?”</p>
<p>Chitose, who seemed caught between a desire to share beauty secrets and a want to poke and prod at the beautiful girl, stretched out a hand toward Mahiru as she bombarded her with questions.</p>
<p>Amane felt sorry for Mahiru, who, despite her discomfort, was powerless against the onslaught. Cursing under his breath, Amane lightly bonked Chitose on the head. It was a just a tap, since the goal was simply to get Chitose to cool her heels, but she’d apparently been caught by surprise as she cried “Oww!” and drew her hand back away from Mahiru. As for Mahiru, she seemed relieved by Amane’s intercession. He’d forgotten about it because she was conducting herself with her usual angelic poise, but Mahiru was extremely wary around people she wasn’t used to. Chitose was a girl, so Mahiru wasn’t as wary as she had been with Amane, but her fear of strangers was still quite clear.</p>
<p>“I can’t believe you did that!” Chitose whined.</p>
<p>“She’s shy, and you’ve only just met her, so stop trying to touch her,” Amane chided.</p>
<p>“I can touch her once we get to know each other?”</p>
<p>“You’ll need to ask Shiina about that. Be respectful.”</p>
<p>Mahiru had obviously been getting ready to make a run for it. It was a good thing he’d stepped in. Even Chitose seemed to understand why she should stop when she saw how clearly shaken Mahiru was.</p>
<p>“I’m sorry; I got too excited and almost did something without asking,” Chitose apologized.</p>
<p>“Ah, mm-hmm…” Mahiru still seemed upset by the close call, and she looked at Amane as if she didn’t know what to do, her eyes pleading for help.</p>
<p>“Uh, Shiina, Chitose can be sorta a handful, but she’s not a bad person…I think,” Amane explained.</p>
<p>“Is that supposed to be a compliment?” the excitable girl snapped.</p>
<p>“Look at the way you were acting. Can you really argue?”</p>
<p>“Nope!”</p>
<p>Chitose, having just openly disavowed her own actions, stared at Mahiru for a moment, then once again extended a hand toward her, wearing a very serious expression.</p>
<p>“In that case, it’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance!” This time, however, she presented Mahiru with an open hand.</p>
<p>“Huh? Y-yeah, nice to meet you…” Mahiru hesitantly accepted the handshake.</p>
<p>Once Chitose took a liking to someone, Amane knew she was determined to be their friend, whether they wanted it or not. Something told Amane that Mahiru would be swayed by Chitose’s persistence. Really, as long as she didn’t do anything too weird in her pursuit of Mahiru’s friendship, Amane didn’t mind. An ordinary, low-key relationship was best.</p>
<p>“First impressions are so important for becoming good friends, you know! You probably already know who I am, and I’m sure you’ve heard my name from Amane, but I’m Chitose Shirakawa. I’m Itsuki’s girlfriend. I guess you could call him…Amane’s best friend?”</p>
<p>“Oh my, I’m blushing! A best friend, wow,” Itsuki ribbed.</p>
<p>“Don’t act so flattered, Itsuki; it’s weird,” Amane shot back.</p>
<p>“There you go again… Hey, Amane, they’ve got a name for people like you, y’know…sweet and sour!”</p>
<p>“I’ll seriously kick you out.”</p>
<p>“Forcing us outside in the snow? Oh, how cruel!”</p>
<p>“Don’t try to wheedle your way out of this one.”</p>
<p>Itsuki cackled with laughter, and Amane looked even more annoyed. Mahiru’s eyes went wide as she watched their exchange.</p>
<p>“Oh, we always act like this,” Itsuki informed her as he smiled cheerfully. “So anyway, I’m Itsuki Akazawa. I’m best friends with that knucklehead over there. If Amane ever does anything stupid or weird, you can come talk to me any time.”</p>
<p>“Is that any way to talk about your best friend?” Amane said.</p>
<p>“…Well, Fujimiya doesn’t seem to have any interest in me,” Mahiru said. “He may not have any basic life skills, but he’s an otherwise ordinary guy, so I’m not expecting any trouble.”</p>
<p>“Thanks, I guess…but you could have left out the part about me being incompetent.” Amane could have gone without that specific remark, but he was happy to hear that Mahiru did indeed see him as a person she could trust.</p>
<p>Itsuki drew close and whispered in Amane’s ear, “You’ve gotten awfully close to Shiina for somebody who says he’s not interested.”</p>
<p>Amane would be lying if he said he wasn’t interested at all, but he really wasn’t actively trying to steer their relationship in that direction. He was certain that Mahiru just wanted a close friend, not a romantic partner. The two of them were happy spending their time together as they had been.</p>
<p>Glancing at Mahiru, Amane saw that she’d gotten all flustered again. Chitose had begun another round of interrogation, having decided her conversation with Amane was over.</p>
<p>However, Mahiru didn’t seem to hate the attention, and Amane hoped that maybe when she got more comfortable, she might relax a little.</p>
<p>As bewildered as she was, Mahiru responded to the barrage of questions with a small smile. It came as no small relief for Amane that the two girls were getting acquainted without any issue.</p>
<p class="space-break">“I’m really sorry.”</p>
<p>After night had fallen, and Itsuki and Chitose had gone home, Amane apologized to Mahiru, who looked more than a little worn-out.</p>
<p>It was obvious that Mahiru had been left exhausted and confused after dealing with two strangers who’d just discovered their secret. This conversation felt like an exact repeat of the one they’d had after Shihoko’s surprise visit.</p>
<p>“No, my own carelessness was what caused it, after all,” Mahiru refuted.</p>
<p>“They sure did make a fuss.”</p>
<p>“They’re…lively people.”</p>
<p>“You can be honest; they’re both loudmouths.”</p>
<p>“They were a little assertive, but they’re interesting.”</p>
<p>“‘A little’ is being very generous… Well, as long as you didn’t mind, I guess it’s all good.”</p>
<p>Amane was convinced that his friends’ behavior had crossed the line for Mahiru, but the mild-mannered girl was taking it all in stride. He was glad that she hadn’t found them too troublesome, but he wasn’t sure whether it was a good thing that she and Chitose were apparently becoming friends.</p>
<p><em>Chitose is a totally different type of girl from Mahiru. Very…energetic? Which is nice, I suppose.</em> He trusted Chitose not to do anything malicious, but he would need to keep an eye on her to be certain she gave Mahiru enough space.</p>
<p>“I don’t have any people like that in my life, so it was kind of fun.”</p>
<p>“Right, I imagine you don’t really have anyone like Chitose in your circle… If she gets too persistent, you can just slap her, okay?”</p>
<p>“I w-would never resort to violence, so I’ll do my best to keep her in check with my words.”</p>
<p>Chitose had an excess of energy and often let her enthusiasm get the better of her. Amane was sure that eventually his advice would be warranted. As he fixed in his mind an oath to caution Chitose directly the next time he saw her, Amane turned toward the window and watched the snow fluttering down.</p>
<p><em>If it weren’t for this weather, we never would’ve been discovered</em>, he thought. Snowflakes were supposed to carry good tidings for lovers everywhere, however, so Amane didn’t think it right to curse them for his troubles.</p>
<p>Mahiru also seemed to enjoy watching the snow because, once she realized what Amane was looking at, she stared out the window in the exact same way.</p>
<p>It was winter, so the sun had set early. The sky was dark, and the snow was pale, and he could just barely see the flakes falling in the light coming from the surrounding apartment buildings.</p>
<p>“A white Christmas, huh?” Mahiru said.</p>
<p>“Yeah, I guess so,” Amane answered. “Though, that sappy stuff doesn’t have much to do with us.”</p>
<p>“It’s still very pretty. Isn’t that enough?”</p>
<p>Spending a romantic white Christmas together didn’t mean anything to them, since they weren’t a couple, but…Mahiru seemed to be enjoying the sight anyway, so the snow couldn’t be all bad.</p>
<p>The dancing snowflakes lightly dusted the surroundings, leaving the dark world coated in a powdery whiteness. At the rate it was falling, the chance of the snow really piling up didn’t seem very high.</p>
<p>“If it’s too heavy, though, public transit will shut down, so I hope it’s only a light snow,” Mahiru commented.</p>
<p>“That’s very pragmatic of you,” Amane remarked.</p>
<p>“People can’t survive on romance alone,” Mahiru answered.</p>
<p>“You’re exactly right.”</p>
<p>Albeit in an unusual way, the snow had brought them closer together, after all.</p>
<p>They both smiled slightly, and Mahiru stood up.</p>
<p>“All right then, I’ll bring dinner over.”</p>
<p>“Huh, bring it over?”</p>
<p>“I made beef stew at my place earlier. I thought for sure that if I roasted a whole turkey, the two of us wouldn’t be able to finish it…”</p>
<p>“It would never have even occurred to me to roast a turkey.”</p>
<p>“You’re just bad at cooking, Amane. For lunch tomorrow, I was thinking we could make omelet rices with beef stew on top.”</p>
<p>“That sounds so delicious…” Amane’s mind had already leaped straight past tonight’s dinner and had started looking forward to tomorrow’s lunch. “I like my eggs cooked hard.”</p>
<p>“What a coincidence; I’ve always preferred them that way, too. Okay, I’m bringing the stew pot over.”</p>
<p>Mahiru sauntered out of Amane’s apartment and headed back to her own place for a moment. Vacantly, Amane watched her as she left, reflecting on the turbulent day.</p>
<p>He really hadn’t expected to be discovered. His friends might have suspected that something was up, and Amane had anticipated them growing curious, but he never would’ve expected that Mahiru would simply step right onto center stage.</p>
<p>Part of him wished that their relationship could’ve stayed their secret for just a little while longer.</p>
<p><em>What am I thinking?</em> Amane wondered. It was better this way. He no longer had to hide everything from Itsuki and Chitose, which made his life much easier. So then why did he feel a bit wistful? Where was this strange feeling coming from? Though everything had turned out okay, some part of Amane was still agitated, and he needed to relax.</p>
<p>“Did something happen?” Mahiru had returned, holding the stew pot, and she tilted her head questioningly as she stared at Amane with a confused look.</p>
<p>“…It’s nothing.” Amane straightened out his expression, but Mahiru still seemed puzzled for a good while by the expression she had spotted on his face.</p>
<p class="space-break">“…Phew, that was good.”</p>
<p>Unsurprisingly, Mahiru’s cooking had been delicious. With it being Christmas, she had made even more elaborate dishes than usual. She had turned the rest of her carefully simmered beef stew into a pot pie, which she and Amane had shared.</p>
<p>Splitting the pie open and eating the crispy, textured crust together with the rich sauce of the beef stew could only be described as a moment of sublime bliss.</p>
<p>Mahiru had apparently prepared the pie dough especially for this. Truly impressed by her culinary prowess, Amane loosed a contented sigh while polishing off his second pastry of the day, another product of Mahiru’s skilled hands.</p>
<p>While making the dough for the pot pie, Mahiru had apparently taken the opportunity to prepare another type of sweet dough at the same time. She’d used it to make handmade mille-feuille for dessert. This girl was already working at a professional level.</p>
<p>“I’m glad you like it… You sure ate plenty,” Mahiru observed.</p>
<p>“Mm. Because it was delicious,” Amane replied.</p>
<p>“Thank you for saying so.”</p>
<p>Amane had grown accustomed to seeing the faint, relieved smile that emerged on Mahiru’s face whenever he complimented her food. He had made it his daily mission to see that expression, as it was so much softer than her usual reserved countenance. Though an embarrassing thought, Amane liked to think of it as a special kind of smile reserved just for him.</p>
<p>“…So tomorrow we’re having omelets over rice, huh…? I’m really looking forward to it.”</p>
<p>“You really do like eggs, don’t you? You tore into those rolled dashi omelets with incredible enthusiasm.”</p>
<p>“They were delicious; I couldn’t help it.”</p>
<p>Even though eggs were one of his favorite foods, Amane couldn’t stand them if they were badly cooked. The fact that he’d wolfed them down was just more proof of Mahiru’s excellent preparation.</p>
<p>Though Amane recognized that it was awfully selfish to be keeping her cooking all to himself, he was not inclined to share with anybody else. The plan was to keep enjoying it for as long as possible.</p>
<p>“…Amane, you look super happy when you’re eating, you know?” Mahiru said.</p>
<p>“Of course, because your cooking is so good,” he replied.</p>
<p>“I’m flattered, but…really, it’s nothing that special.”</p>
<p>“No, it definitely is… You need to get a better sense of your own worth…”</p>
<p>This was the homemade food of an angel; there were more than a few boys who’d do anything to have some.</p>
<p>“But to me, this is just the stuff I make every day.”</p>
<p>“I’m a lucky guy.”</p>
<p>“…Why’s that?”</p>
<p>“Because the stuff you make every day is so delicious.”</p>
<p>Amane was a boy ruled by his stomach, and being able to enjoy delicious, freshly made meals so regularly was, for him, the ultimate happiness.</p>
<p>“How did you get so good at cooking anyway?” Amane asked.</p>
<p>“Someone important to me once said ‘Make sure you grab anyone who makes you happy by the stomach,’ and I took those words to heart,” Mahiru answered.</p>
<p>“Sorry you ended up grabbing me instead.”</p>
<p>“I’m thinking of it as a rehearsal.” Mahiru’s candor caught Amane by surprise. A small smile spread across her lips.</p>
<p>“…But seriously, whoever taught you must have been amazing.”</p>
<p>“That’s right; they were an incredible cook. I’m still no match for them. Their cooking tasted like pure happiness.” Mahiru took on a faraway look with a gentle smile. The expression felt reassuring to Amane.</p>
<p>From the way Mahiru described it, the person in question had obviously loved her very much, and Amane could tell that Mahiru had idolized them as well. She must have been really lucky to have someone like that in her life.</p>
<p>“I bet it was really good,” Amane said, nodding. “But you know…to me, your cooking is what tastes like happiness.”</p>
<p>Leaving his mother aside for the moment, Amane’s father was a decent cook, but Mahiru’s dishes suited Amane’s tastes better. Mahiru’s cooking was comforting yet exciting, with a relaxing flavor that he didn’t think he could get tired of, even if he had it three times a day for the rest of his life. No matter how much he ate, he just wanted more and more.</p>
<p>Though, of course, he could never say that. It’d put too much of a burden on Mahiru.</p>
<p>Suddenly, the girl stiffened. She looked like she’d been attacked in an unguarded moment. She stared at Amane with an innocent and somewhat vacant expression.</p>
<p>“…Mahiru?” Amane asked.</p>
<p>“Ah…it’s nothing.” Snapping back to her senses, Mahiru quickly shook her head, then stared down at the floor. Hugging her favorite cushion tight, she let out a soft sigh. Something about her had completely changed in the last few seconds. It was strangely endearing.</p>
<p>“What’s up?” Amane asked.</p>
<p>“…It’s just—to think that someone like me could make something taste like happiness…”</p>
<p>“I don’t know why you’re putting yourself down, but your food is so good that I want to eat it every day.”</p>
<p>“Th-thank you.” Mahiru looked up at Amane with a bit of a bashful look and a small grin. The sight of it filled Amane with the urge to hide his face.</p>
<p>This kind of expression was rare for Mahiru, but it inevitably set Amane’s heart rattling in his chest, even though he’d constantly told himself that he wasn’t interested in her like that. Seeing Mahiru’s smiling visage stripped of its usual stony mask made him suddenly feel hot, and Amane worried that she would notice and get embarrassed herself.</p>
<p>“Say, um, Mahiru?”</p>
<p>“Yes?”</p>
<p>“Tomorrow we’ll be meeting up around lunchtime, right?”</p>
<p>Unable to stand the atmosphere any longer, Amane forced a change of subject. Mahiru didn’t seem to take much notice, however, and she idly considered what Amane had asked.</p>
<p>“Yes, that’s the plan, isn’t it? We’ll make lunch, then play games like we promised… That was it, right?”</p>
<p>“Yeah.”</p>
<p>“Unless…you don’t want to?”</p>
<p>“No, I was just confirming. Really, even though we spent Christmas Eve together, are you sure it’s okay to spend your next day with me, too?”</p>
<p>“If I hated the idea, I wouldn’t have suggested it… I’m looking forward to it.” Another small smile appeared on the gentle curve of Mahiru’s lips.</p>
<p>“Y-yeah,” Amane muttered. It was all he could do to turn away and hide his growing embarrassment.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>