<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten Vol. 1</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:da0f2a52-10de-480a-97fc-f5a782123a92" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter003">


<p>“Ah, I see,” he offered in reply.</p>
<p>Pressing the issue wouldn’t get him anywhere, so Amane decided to withdraw. There was no shared history between them, and perhaps that was for the best. The decision to leave her alone was an easy one.</p>
<p>Even with a very good reason to depart, Amane still didn’t think it seemed right to abandon her—and thoroughly soaked to boot.</p>
<p>“You’ll catch a cold, so take this and go home. No need to bother giving it back.”</p>
<p>Deciding this would be the one and only time he meddled, Amane offered Mahiru his own umbrella. After all, he didn’t want her to get sick or anything.</p>
<p>Amane handed over the umbrella—or to put it more accurately, he gave her little choice but to accept. Without giving Mahiru a chance to reply, he turned away and took off. As he left the scene, Amane heard Mahiru calling to him.</p>
<p>Whatever she was trying to say was too quiet and became drowned out by the rain. Amane didn’t stop or turn around until the park was well behind him.</p>
<p>He had cared enough about the girl possibly catching a cold to foist his umbrella on her, so he didn’t feel that guilty about the fact that he had originally intended to ignore her altogether.</p>
<p>At any rate, Mahiru had refused his attempt to start a conversation, and Amane didn’t intend to get any closer to her, either. After all, they had no connection to each other beyond this.</p>
<p>Amane assured himself along those lines as he made his way home.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>