<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter51">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Good morning, Aki,” Rio greeted with a strained smile.</p>

      <p>“G-Good morning,” Aki managed to reply hesitantly. She seemed to maintain her calm better than Masato did.</p>

      <p>“I’d like to introduce her to the two of you, but shall we sit down first?”</p>

      <p>Rio decided to explain the situation to Aki and Masato right away.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>Rio gave a simple explanation of what happened to Aki and Masato and introduced them to the spirit girl.</p>

      <p>“...So that’s how it is. Masato, were you listening?” Rio asked with a droll smile. Masato had been distracted throughout the entirety of Rio’s explanation, captivated by the girl in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah. I was. She’s the spirit lady Haruto’s contracted with, right?” Masato glanced at the spirit’s face before nodding, his voice oddly high-pitched.</p>

      <p>“Well, yes...” Rio wondered with a wry smile and a tilt of his head as to whether or not Masato would be able to live together with her.</p>

      <p>Aki looked at Masato from where she sat beside him. “Don’t let him bother you. He always falls in love at first sight with cute and pretty girls older than him. It seems like he’s suffering from his affliction more severely this time around, but he’ll eventually get used to it, so just cut him some slack for now,” she explained to Rio with an exasperated face.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha.”</p>

      <p>“Wha— T-That’s not true!” Masato blushed furiously with embarrassment.</p>

      <p>Aki shook her head without hesitation. “Liar. You were so nervous the first time you met Miharu, too. Your brother was quite an amusing sight to see, but you were even worse than him.”</p>

      <p>“Wahwahwah!” Masato started yelling as though to drown out her voice.</p>

      <p>“What are you two yelling about this early in the morning? Come on, breakfast is ready.”</p>

      <p>Miharu appeared from the kitchen; she was carrying the completed breakfast dishes from the kitchen counter toward the dining room table.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Miharu. I left you to deal with breakfast alone... Let me help you carry it,” Rio said apologetically, stepping forward to help set the table.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. I can at least handle the housework.” Miharu shook her head with a smile.</p>

      <p>“...Thank you very much. It looks delicious.” Rio smiled at the dishes lined on the table; she had prepared a well-balanced Japanese meal.</p>

      <p>“I hope the taste is to your liking... Let’s all eat now. Umm, I made enough for the spirit girl, too, but will you be able to eat the food?” Miharu asked, looking at the spirit. While she looked exactly like a human, it was hard to imagine spirits eating meals like everyone else.</p>

      <p>The girl slowly drew closer and nodded. “Yeah. I can eat.”</p>

      <p>“Thank goodness. Let’s eat together, then. Here.” Miharu took the girl by the hand and led her to the dining table.</p>

      <p>Rio watched the two of them with a smile. They had completely different hair colors, yet they looked like sisters for some reason, Miharu being the older one, most likely.</p>

      <p>After that, the five of them sat in their seats and began to eat their breakfast.</p>

      <p>“It’s kind of inconvenient not being able to call her by a name, though. Have you considered what you’re going to do about that?” Miharu asked Rio partway through the meal as she looked at the spirit girl.</p>

      <p>“Actually, she’s requested for me to give her a name, but I’m stuck on ideas for good names. Do you have any suggestions, Miharu?” Rio asked her with a dry smile.</p>

      <p>Miharu started to think with a contemplative look on her face, but couldn’t come up with anything good on the spot. “Hmm. When you put it that way... it’s kind of difficult. What kind of name would you like?” she asked, turning to the girl in question.</p>

      <p>“As long as it’s a name Haruto picks, anything.”</p>

      <p>The girl’s answer made Miharu smile faintly. “Ahaha. You sure are loved, Haruto.”</p>

      <p>“Good for you, Haruto,” Masato muttered under his breath.</p>

      <p>“Do you have anything more specific than that? Maybe if there’s something you like, you could go in that direction for ideas,” Aki suggested to the spirit girl, ignoring Masato.</p>

      <p>“The things that Haruto loves and treasures,” the spirit girl answered simply.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, I see. If that’s the case, then you should just use Haruto’s name as a base for your own,” Aki said with a bitter smile.</p>

      <p><em>...The things that I love or treasure?</em> Rio thought to himself, glancing at Miharu.</p>

      <p>“...?” Noticing she was being looked at, Miharu cocked her head in question.</p>

      <p><em>The first thing that came to mind was Miharu... Just how stubborn am I?</em> With a bitter smile, Rio guiltily averted his gaze.</p>

      <p>However, thanks to that, one name came to mind.</p>

      <p>“How about... Aishia?”</p>

      <p>In the ancient spirit folk tongue, “Aishia” was a word that meant “warm spring” or “beautiful spring.” It may have been a bit too simplistic, but the girl’s hair was the gentle peach color of cherry blossoms, so she gave off a rather strong impression of spring.</p>

      <p>However, now that he had said it out loud, he realized “beautiful spring” was the exact same meaning as Miharu’s name. He felt rather embarrassed by it.</p>

      <p>“Aishia. I want that one,” the spirit girl said resolutely.</p>

      <p>“...Umm, we could keep thinking with everyone and come up with a few options first,” Rio offered as he panicked on the inside.</p>

      <p>“Nope. Aishia’s good.” Aishia shook her head bluntly.</p>

      <p>She hadn’t shown many emotions or expressions since waking up, but the firm resolution that had been revealed just now made Rio widen his eyes. “Well, if you’re happy with that, then I guess that’s it?” he said, giving in with a wry smile.</p>

      <p>“Aishia... That sounds like a pretty name,” Miharu said, murmuring the name as though testing it. “Does it have a meaning?” she asked Rio.</p>

      <p>“Umm. It means ‘warm spring,’” he replied, feeling somewhat uncomfortable. He kept the other meaning to himself.</p>

      <p>“...I see. You took the ‘haru’ from Haruto, right? The one that means ‘spring,’ as in the season.” Convinced, Miharu guessed at the explanation of the meaning.</p>

      <p>“...Yes, that’s right.” Rio averted his gaze from Miharu and looked at Aishia. The girl in question should have known the meaning behind the name, but who knew how she felt about it.</p>

      <p>“Miharu, Aki, Masato. It’s nice to meet you.” Aishia bowed her head at the three of them. Since her name had now been officially decided, she greeted them once more.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it’s nice to meet you. Ai-chan... Can I call you that?” Miharu asked happily.</p>

      <p>“Yup, that’s fine.” Aishia nodded nonchalantly, but the hints of a smile could be seen on her mouth. Aki and Masato spoke up to Aishia, too.</p>

      <p>Rio watched the four of them with a smile on his face, but there was a lot he needed to think about regarding the future.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t really want to cause them any trouble, but if I can get permission, it might be better to consider bringing Aishia and everyone to the spirit folk village. I would need to head there myself first to get permission from them, but I should at least wait until the others can speak the language in broken sentences...</em> Rio thought in the corner of his mind.</p>

      <p>The spirit folk might know something, whether it be about Aishia or Miharu and the others. It would have taken Rio a month or so to make the return trip there alone, but with the teleport crystal he received from Ursula, he could shorten half of the trip. Even with the crystal it was still quite a trip, but it was an option worth considering.</p>

      <p><em>Well, first things first: the shopping for today. There might be some things that are difficult to buy with me around, so I’ll bring Aishia along as an interpreter. I’ll ask her about it later.</em></p>

      <p>As Rio looked at Aishia, he turned his thoughts toward the day’s shopping trip.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>