<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 18</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Hello everyone, this is Yuri Kitayama. Thank you for reading <em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles 18 - Beast of the Land</em>. I’m sure many of you reading this afterword are already aware, but I have very important news to tell you first.</p>

      <p><em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles</em> is getting an anime!</p>

      <p>TMS Entertainment is the production company, and information regarding the main staff and cast has already been released. An official website and Twitter account have been created for the anime, so please look them up if you’re interested.</p>

      <p>And so, I’m finally able to break the news to everyone...! It’s thanks to everyone’s support of the series that <em>Seirei Gensouki</em> has been blessed with an anime adaptation, so I’m grateful to you all from the bottom of my heart.</p>

      <p>I’d also like to use this space to thank everyone involved in the making of this anime and this series up until now, including Riv and my editor, who have been with me for five years.</p>

      <p>There’s more information to be released in the future, so please check the official site and Twitter for the anime. In celebration of volume 18’s release and the anime adaptation, Melonbooks is holding their third <em>Seirei Gensouki</em> exclusive shop.</p>

      <p>Volume 19 of the novel will be on sale in spring, so please look forward to that as well!</p>

      <p>How did you find volume 18? The flow of the story will make it hard to have slice-of-life scenes for a while, but I wrote all the daily life I wanted in the last volume so I’ll be able to charge into the serious scenes without reserve from here. The main story will make some big shifts in the future, so please continue to enjoy the novel version of <em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles</em>.</p>

      <p>Let’s meet again in volume 19!<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="signature">Yuri Kitayama</p>

      <p class="signature">November 2020</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>