<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 18</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>Just for a Little While</h2>

      <p>One morning in the spirit folk village, in the house where everyone lived with Rio before they all returned to the Strahl region...</p>

      <p>Rio himself woke up and left the house to do his daily training routine. “Good morning, Sayo.” He spotted Sayo swinging a wooden training sword all by herself.</p>

      <p>“Ah! Good morning, Sir Rio.”</p>

      <p>“Looks like you’re first today,” Rio said after checking no one else was around.</p>

      <p>Rio’s morning training routine was originally something he started alone at a young age, but after coming to the spirit folk village, he was joined by Sara and the others. After growing older and returning to the Strahl region, Miharu and Celia joined in; now, after reuniting with Sayo and Gouki’s group, they all participated together.</p>

      <p>Their routines were all customized for their own specialty areas: Rio and Sara with their weapons, Miharu with spirit arts, and Celia with magic essence control.</p>

      <p>In Sayo’s case, she worked on both her weapon and spirit arts. Her training had apparently started back in her home village, but Gouki’s group had given her full-blown training on their journey to the spirit folk village. Her growth was shocking to Rio.</p>

      <p>“Yes! I woke up early. I only just started,” Sayo replied energetically, smiling from ear to ear.</p>

      <p>“You’re working hard. I’ll join you in swing practice.”</p>

      <p>“Please do!”</p>

      <p>The two of them swung their swords in silence for a while. But several minutes later...</p>

      <p>“...” Sayo stopped swinging and started watching Rio’s movements instead, captivated.</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter...?” Noticing her fixed gaze, Rio paused his swings.</p>

      <p>“Huh...? Oh, no! Umm...!” Sayo gasped and began to panic. “I just thought your movements were wonderful...” she admitted in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“I’m just swinging my sword like normal.”</p>

      <p>“No! When I watch you from the side, your sword comes to a stop so quickly. You’ve perfectly erased any signs of your movement. Now that Sir Gouki is teaching me the proper use of weapons, I understand how amazing you really are...” Sayo said, emphasizing Rio’s skills.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha. Thank you,” Rio said bashfully.</p>

      <p>“N-No, not at all... Umm, could I watch you swing your sword for a little longer?” Sayo blushed and looked down, her eyes peering upwards at Rio’s face.</p>

      <p>“Sure, but it really isn’t that impressive.” Rio nodded with embarrassment, then resumed his swinging. That being said, he wasn’t the type to let himself be flustered enough to mess up his movements.</p>

      <p>And so...</p>

      <p>“...” For some time after that, Sayo watched Rio with a heated gaze of captivation as he swung his sword. Her face in profile was precisely that of a young maiden in love—it was a look of pure bliss. While the moment between them continued, there was someone secretly watching over them quietly. It was Sayo’s older brother, Shin. He was probably examining the mood in the air for the sake of his sister. He had his own wooden training sword in his hand, yet he didn’t move from the shadows of the trees.</p>

      <p>“If it isn’t Shin. What are you doing there?” Gouki arrived to participate in the morning training and discovered him.</p>

      <p>“Nothing much...” Shin replied awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” Gouki spotted Rio swinging his sword in the distance, and Sayo standing next to him. He seemed to catch on to the situation with just that.</p>

      <p>“Haha. I see, I see,” he grinned.</p>

      <p>“I said it’s nothing,” Shin snapped to hide his embarrassment, then marched off towards Rio and Sayo.</p>

      <h2>An Exchange One Morning</h2>

      <p>The day after Rio and Aria began their pursuit of Saint Erica, the two used the stone house for shelter. It was morning, and Aria had woken up early to prepare breakfast. But when she stepped out of the room she was borrowing, she was greeted with the scent of something delicious wafting from the kitchen.</p>

      <p>“Good morning, Aria.” Rio had woken up earlier than her and prepared breakfast.</p>

      <p>“Good morning, Sir Amakawa... You’re up rather early.” Aria blinked in surprise. She was hoping to lessen his workload by making breakfast herself, but he had done so first.</p>

      <p>“I always get up early to practice with my sword.”</p>

      <p>“That’s a wonderful routine.”</p>

      <p>“You’re up early as well.”</p>

      <p>“I always have work to do in the morning, so it’s a habit for me.”</p>

      <p>“I see. I’m almost done preparing breakfast, so please have a seat,” Rio said, resuming his preparations with the ingredients.</p>

      <p>“If you don’t mind, I’d like to help out. In fact, I’m willing to prepare all the meals for us while we’re on this trip...”</p>

      <p>“You’re the guest in this house, so there’s no need for you to do so.”</p>

      <p>“You’re providing the shelter, so it’s only right for me to repay you by doing work,” Aria insisted.</p>

      <p>Rio chuckled “Fine... In that case, let’s cook together. I’d feel bad if I just sat back and let you do all the work,” he suggested.</p>

      <p>“I understand. I’ll be borrowing an apron, then.”</p>

      <p>Aria entered the kitchen and put on one of the aprons hanging there. Thus, Rio and Aria made breakfast together.</p>

      <h2>Elemental ☆ Alice</h2>

      <p>In Japan, in the school that Amakawa Haruto and Ayase Miharu attended...</p>

      <p>One afternoon in December, Haruto and Miharu were visiting the classroom where the drama club held their activities. They had been summoned there by Satsuki, a member of the student council. Satsuki and two other members of the drama club were waiting in the room for them.</p>

      <p>“Huh, so our drama club’s participating in our preschool’s Christmas party.”</p>

      <p>Rio and Miharu listened to the explanation from Satsuki.</p>

      <p>“Yup. The preschool is attached to our affiliated university rather than us directly, but same deal. They heard we had a drama club, so they asked if we could hold a Christmas party for them.”</p>

      <p>“I see. So why were we called here...?” Haruto had a vague idea already, but asked anyway.</p>

      <p>“The principal came to the student council with the request. The drama club only has a few members, so the student council is going to take part in the party as well.”</p>

      <p>“Does that mean we’re going to appear on stage? Neither Mii-chan nor I have any experience acting...” Haruto said, exchanging a look with Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, that’s what I was hoping to ask. It’s just a simple play to be held in front of young children, so you don’t need to feel overly pressured...”</p>

      <p><em>How about it? </em>Satsuki looked between Haruto and Miharu apologetically.</p>

      <p>“Oh, by the way. Professor Celia and Professor Aishia will be joining us from the teaching staff,” she added.</p>

      <p>“Huh. What kind of play will it be?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm... I haven’t read the script myself, but it’s apparently a reproduction of an old script left from a few years ago. It features characters from all kinds of fairy tales that children would know. Professor Celia and Miss Aishia are in the classroom next door looking at the costumes right now, but...”</p>

      <p>Just as Satsuki spoke, the classroom door opened and Aishia entered. “Professor... Aishia?”</p>

      <p>“Wow...”</p>

      <p>“Oh my, how adorable...”</p>

      <p>Miharu and Satsuki let out sounds of awe at the sight of Aishia, who had entered wearing one of the costumes for the play.</p>

      <p>“Is that from Alice in Wonderland?” Haruto asked.</p>

      <p>“Yup. Does it look good?” Aishia looked at Haruto and cocked her head.</p>

      <p>“Yes, very,” Haruto nodded firmly. It really looked good on her.</p>

      <p>“Isn’t it lovely?” Celia entered the room after Aishia and joined the conversation.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Didn’t you try on any of the costumes, Professor Celia?” Satsuki asked with a playful grin.</p>

      <p>“No. I only went to check the condition of the costumes. I didn’t go to try them on.”</p>

      <p>“Then why is Miss Aishia in a costume?”</p>

      <p>“The kids in the drama club specifically requested it,” Celia explained with a wry smile.</p>

      <p>“Ah, I see... But the outfits are a vital part of the play, aren’t they? Why don’t we go take a look as well, Miharu? Haruto?” Satsuki turned to the two of them with a curious glint in her eye.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go take a look, Haru-kun.”</p>

      <p>“Well... Sure. Okay.”</p>

      <p>Miharu invited the slightly embarrassed Haruto along, and they all went to see the outfits together.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>