<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 18</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: The Saint’s Return</h1>

      <p>Nearly two weeks had passed since Liselotte was sent to the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica. Ever since the day she was allowed out of the mansion, she was given permission to go outside as long as she was accompanied by Andrei. Otherwise, she remained under confinement.</p>

      <p>In spite of that allowance, Liselotte only went out to observe various places for the first few days. She soon stopped going outside, and was instead visited frequently by Andrei in her room.</p>

      <p>Part of the reason was because the capital of Ericaburg was a small city with little to see, but it was mostly because their positions had reversed. The original goal was for Liselotte to learn about the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica from Andrei, but somewhere down the line, it turned out Andrei had more to learn from Liselotte.</p>

      <p>Liselotte had retained her memories from her past life, gotten a noble-class education in her current life, and served as both the president of a trading guild and city governor for the past few years. Those experiences hadn’t just been for show.</p>

      <p>In comparison, Andrei was once the owner of a small business who had only just taken the position of prime minister, so there wasn’t much he could teach Liselotte. He had received a crash course on his position from Saint Erica during the revolution, but it didn’t take long for him to realize that Liselotte had a better education and experience suited for politics.</p>

      <p>Andrei started bringing Liselotte questions about governance, and Liselotte went along with the discussions in order to obtain more information. That gave Andrei a favorable and intelligent impression of her, giving her more opportunities to ask her own questions.</p>

      <p>“I see. So there’ll be conflict between the rights of the people, you say... The citizens are more aware of their own rights now, so the conflicts will be more intense as well... What a fascinating theory. But how does that relate to the development of laws?”</p>

      <p>Andrei was once again seeking Liselotte’s advice at this very moment.</p>

      <p>“If the people all claim their rights at once, it may cause conflict across the country. The more trouble there is, the worse public order will be.”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“The people wouldn’t want that either. That’s why the resolution of such issues needs to be left to the country, for the government to handle.”</p>

      <p>“Right...”</p>

      <p>“When trouble actually happens, the ones who have to act will be those at the scene of the issue, and whoever conducts the trial. You understand this too, right?”</p>

      <p>“I do.”</p>

      <p>“But the best-case scenario is for no problems to occur at all. And in order to do that...”</p>

      <p>“Our congress has to develop the laws.”</p>

      <p>“Yes. The conflict of rights is one of the most important perspectives to have when developing laws for the people. To be more precise, by having this perspective, you’ll be able to envision when those rights will conflict, what situations will cause conflict, and what would be the right judgment to make in response.”</p>

      <p>There were some cases where it was better to let the parties involved solve it themselves, and others where it was better for the nation to intervene as soon as it detected the problem. It was the role of laws to be prepared for such situations. Even if an unexpected situation was to occur, a new law could be created to deal with it immediately.</p>

      <p>“It is exactly as you say. I see. Looking at it that way indeed relates to law development,” Andrei let out a sound of admiration as he came to understand her point.</p>

      <p>“At the same time, the laws of the country need to be established quickly for the same reason. Conflict will happen more frequently in the immediate aftermath of a revolution, when everyone is hyper-aware of their rights. If the laws aren’t ready to handle that, the situation I just described will happen.”</p>

      <p>“Haha, how painfully true. Indeed, we’ve been having such a hard time with the basic laws, we’ve neglected to address serious matters such as murder, assault, and theft. Saint Erica said the basic laws will become the backbone of the country, so we’ve been unable to create other laws without them...”</p>

      <p>The basic laws that Andrei was referring to here were the equivalent of a country’s constitution in modern Earth society. For the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica, there was nothing more important than the rights of the people. The basic laws were the most substantial way of showing that the country existed for the sake of the people, so the congress members were currently creating them with fervor.</p>

      <p>“Yes, that would be correct—the importance of the basic laws should definitely be emphasized. However, I agree with you in that other laws should be prepared concurrently to the basic laws. If a law turns out to be a problem later, you can just revise the basic law.”</p>

      <p>Fundamental laws had to establish in abstract terms the ideals of how the country should use its power, how the country existed for the people, how the people were guaranteed their rights and freedoms, and how the country would never infringe upon those rights. They would become the supreme laws of the nation, prioritized above everything else.</p>

      <p>However, postponing the creation of other laws to realize the ideals of fundamental laws was pointless if it just made the people’s lives harder in the meantime. It wouldn’t make sense to prioritize one by completely neglecting the other—they both existed for the common purpose of making lives better, after all.</p>

      <p>“I see... What matters more is that we, the people, are making the rules. As long as we guarantee that the country exercises its power under the control of the people, we should be able to make other laws before the basic laws.”</p>

      <p>“That’s what I believe, yes. Without proper legislation, the people involved in conflicts and those conducting trials will lack clear legal basis for judgments. The matter of whether the country is using its power under the control of the people will be far from their minds. It seems that the congress is making a vote on every issue that arises right now, but...”</p>

      <p>They wouldn’t be able to deal with every problem in the country with such a method.</p>

      <p>“I understand. I’ll mention it to the congress. However, there are some members who are strongly against the use of laws created by the noble class, and they prefer to examine each law as a congress... Hmm. Is there any good way of preparing the other laws in a speedy fashion?”</p>

      <p>“There may be feelings of aversion towards the laws of the monarchy, but they would make the best starting point for discussion. They may not be laws made with the benefit of the people in mind, but there’s much to learn from them. There are also many logical regulations that don’t involve the noble class. If you remove all the exceptions created for the noble class, the old laws of the monarchy should be worth reviewing post-revolution.”</p>

      <p>It would require some work to split the laws that benefited nobles from proper regulations, but it would be better than creating new laws from scratch.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Most of the documents on the kingdom’s laws were stored within the destroyed castle. There are some that have been retrieved from noble residences, but there aren’t many.”</p>

      <p>“The laws used in minor kingdoms are usually copies of those used in major kingdoms, so you could just ask to see the laws of another nation...”</p>

      <p>“We have no ties to other nations in our current state...” Andrei frowned. Even if they wanted to rely on another nation, their neighbors were all subjects of the Proxia Empire. They all feared backlash from the empire, so there was little chance of any of them cooperating.</p>

      <p>“In that case, it may be better to ask a jurist, former official, or merchant familiar with the old laws if they possess a copy. If you still can’t find a copy after that, you’ll have to rely on your memory to rewrite them... Jurists tend to have specialized knowledge, so you’d preferably get someone from each area of expertise.”</p>

      <p>Each and every line of the law was written with a certain situation in mind. Trying to write new laws from scratch without any understanding was impossible. In order to create them, they needed the assistance of well-educated scholars or officials that used the laws. The next best option after them would be wealthy merchants that traded under a wide range of laws.</p>

      <p>However, under the monarchy, only the noble class could become officials and scholars. There were no powerful merchants in a minor nation of this size either.</p>

      <p><em>I doubt there were multiple jurists for every specialty before the revolution, so now that the noble class has been purged by the revolution...</em></p>

      <p>It would probably be extremely difficult to gather the personnel needed. This country was suffering from a severe lack of capable people—that was the impression Liselotte had.</p>

      <p>“...” Andrei probably didn’t have anyone in mind either. He frowned and fell silent in thought.</p>

      <p><em>Legislation doesn’t seem to be the only problem they’re having.</em></p>

      <p>Liselotte had only looked around the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica for a few days, but she had noticed a lot in that time. The pride the people had in knowing they had won over the monarchy. The sense of fulfillment they had in knowing that their nation existed for them. The peace of mind and trust they had in knowing that the nation was being represented by their own comrades and not unfamiliar royalty. The vigor of the people living in the city was being supported by such factors. The upper ranks of the country were also overflowing with passion in pursuit of the ideal nation. However...</p>

      <p><em>This country is lacking in everything.</em></p>

      <p>There was no knowledge. No technology. No experience. No resources. No industries other than agriculture. That’s why they couldn’t fully establish the organizations and systems required for the nation to function.</p>

      <p>There was no one in their congress that had any familiarity with politics. None of them were from the former noble class; the congress members were all commoners with no connection to politics, coming from origins like farming, construction, shoemaking, smithing, and trading.</p>

      <p>While they had gathered a wide range of people from the commoner class, the way they were left to make political decisions on their own was quite concerning. They probably didn’t even understand the state of international politics.</p>

      <p>In reality, the current congress was inadequate for developing laws, and the administration was in danger of becoming completely dysfunctional because of it. The constant postponement of individual legislation and any specific definitions also amplified the issue.</p>

      <p>Because of that, the state of the country’s authority was vague and unclear. As Liselotte had described, the congress currently met for every decision that had to be made, and the nation had too many problems to solve in such a way.</p>

      <p>After all their efforts in creating a government with a congress for legislation, a nominated leader of the state, and a democratic control of the authority...</p>

      <p><em>They’re being shaken by the system. I observed one of their congress meetings, and the members seem to find enjoyment in arguing over things, like they’re drunk on it...</em></p>

      <p>They were failing to use that system. In particular, the main legislative body—the congress—was the root of democracy. The reason why the legislative and executive power that the monarchy held was split into the new system was so that executive power could be democratically controlled through a congress.</p>

      <p>If there was no democratic control over the congress as an administrative body, they would be able to use their power just like the previous monarchy.</p>

      <p><em>If they don’t solve those issues first, this country will fall apart in the very near future...</em></p>

      <p>Frankly speaking, the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica was only successfully established because the nation was small, their activities were limited, and they had nothing of interest to foreign nations.</p>

      <p>Because of that, they were barely managing to exist as a country—and were simply lucky. If a foreign nation were to attack now, the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica would not be able to win. It was hard to tell how they had even succeeded in the revolution, actually.</p>

      <p>Perhaps Saint Erica wasn’t being given enough credit in that sense. The military strength of the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica changed greatly depending on her existence. That was Liselotte’s analysis, which was greatly influenced by seeing the ruins of the destroyed castle.</p>

      <p>The effect Saint Erica had on the morale of the people was immense as well. It was because of her that the revolution happened, and succeeded.</p>

      <p>However, for better or for worse, Saint Erica’s existence had influenced this country too much. The people may have gone along with the revolution, but the one who made it succeed was Saint Erica alone.</p>

      <p>The power of the Divine Arms won the revolution, establishing the country at a rapid speed.</p>

      <p><em>Could the issues in this country be caused by the omission of most of the processes of a revolution? They’ve experienced consecutive successes, which is why the people are so confident in themselves...</em></p>

      <p>Erica had supposedly traveled the country to start the revolution, preaching before the public in every region governed by nobility.</p>

      <p>In doing so, she’d planted the image of authority figures as evil in the minds of the people, then executed them. This had roused the people of those regions, and by doing so, she’d skipped decades’ worth of how the process would happen on Earth. Instead of ten to one hundred years of wealthy intellectuals sharing their knowledge and awareness of human rights, Erica had planted those thoughts straight into the heads of the people through a clear reality.</p>

      <p><em>Then, after putting together a makeshift democracy system and being appointed as the first representative of the nation, the saint goes off on a journey? What is she trying to accomplish? It looks like she’s just trying to start a war with every person of royal and noble blood she can.</em></p>

      <p>She should have known that abducting Liselotte would result in a serious international issue with the Galarc Kingdom. Yet, that was exactly what she did.</p>

      <p>It was hard to imagine that she wanted to make an enemy of every kingdom and empire in Strahl, yet her actions were indiscriminate enough to imply exactly that. Even she should know that starting needless wars would just result in the deaths of the weak she was trying to save...</p>

      <p><em>I don’t get it. Is Erica’s goal really to bring salvation to the weak? She said she was creating a country for the people, by the people, in order to save the weak, but...</em></p>

      <p>Liselotte could only see the saint as a dangerous person. Well, there was no doubt she was dangerous to begin with, but her methods of accomplishing her goals were fatally flawed.</p>

      <p><em>At the same time, she gave these people permission to interact with me while she was away, revealing the weakness of this country directly to me...</em></p>

      <p>Liselotte had been lost deep in her thoughts until now, but she suddenly looked up and realized Andrei was looking at her with a heated gaze.</p>

      <p>“Umm... Is something the matter?”</p>

      <p>“No, I was just thinking about why Saint Erica brought you to our country. She truly understands what our country needs the most—that is to say, people like you.”</p>

      <p>“O-Oh. Is that so...” Liselotte murmured awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“Liselotte, I need you.” Andrei suddenly uttered what sounded like a courtship line.</p>

      <p>“I’ve already rejected that offer many times already.” Liselotte shook her head with a sigh. Indeed, she had experienced this conversation with Andrei multiple times since he began frequenting her room.</p>

      <p>“But you’re needed here!” Andrei didn’t back down and protested firmly.</p>

      <p>“I’m afraid I cannot help.”</p>

      <p>Knowing he would only get more persistent from here, Liselotte stated her thoughts gently but clearly. Andrei was easily swayed by his emotions, so she knew he wasn’t the type to understand with just a gentle answer.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Andrei, your words are turning into a confession of love again,” Natalia, the girl accompanying them as a guard, commented with a grin. She didn’t care for the political talk, nearly dozing off in her chair in the corner of the room, but the change in topic had brought her back to attention.</p>

      <p>“Oh, no! That isn’t my intention...” Andrei blushed, reacting like an innocent young man.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, is that so?” Natalia continued to grin wickedly.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What’s that look for, Natalia?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, nothing... Come to think of it, I heard a rumor yesterday. The straitlaced Saint Erica devotee, Mr. Andrei, is spending every day with a young and beautiful unmarried woman... Perhaps spring has finally come for him?”</p>

      <p>“I-I’m not...! I’m purely after Liselotte’s cooperation for the sake of our country!” Andrei denied in shock.</p>

      <p>“Oh? I didn’t say anything about the woman being Liselotte, did I? In fact, I spend all day guarding you too, don’t I?” Natalia was one step ahead of him.</p>

      <p>“N-Natalia...! I-I’m so sorry about this, Liselotte.”</p>

      <p>“Ahaha. It’s fine...” Liselotte glossed over things with a sociable smile.</p>

      <p>Andrei wasn’t a bad person. His intense belief in Saint Erica blinded him at times, but he had a good personality at heart. Many people would find him an honest and hardworking man. He was still lacking experience as a politician, but he was very willing to learn, and absorbed the information he was given rapidly.</p>

      <p>However, Liselotte was abducted and brought here against her will. She hadn’t forgotten that—and she wasn’t about to cooperate with the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica just because the upper ranks and its citizens weren’t bad people.</p>

      <p>As a noble of the Galarc Kingdom, Liselotte had a duty to gather information about this country. That’s why she cooperated to a level where the other side would lower their guard and trust her enough to give her beneficial information. In order to do that, she gave them some useful advice, but it wouldn’t amount to much with their overwhelming lack of personnel...</p>

      <p>In reality, she seemed to have gained quite a lot of trust from the two of them in these last several days. For example, Andrei’s guard, Natalia, who was a former adventurer. After listening to their conversations every day, she started to relax, even cutting in to put a stop to Andrei’s ranting at times. She was nineteen years old, and while she had acted rather crabbily towards Liselotte for being a noblewoman in the beginning, her personality was actually rather friendly.</p>

      <p><em>But I shouldn’t get too close to her. These people are from a potential enemy nation. I cannot empathize with them too much.</em></p>

      <p>Winning the other side’s trust while keeping her own intentions at a distance was something Liselotte had to do, naturally, as a noblewoman and merchant. And the other side was trying to do the same to her. Despite that, she felt like she was deceiving them. When she considered the future turbulence awaiting the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica, she couldn’t help but feel ashamed.</p>

      <p>Perhaps it was because she knew that even if she pointed out the issues that would soon arise, no easy solution existed for them.</p>

      <p>Or perhaps she had learned too much about these two. They were too honest to deal with a merchant like Liselotte.</p>

      <p>If they had met somewhere else, they may have become friends with her like Haruto and Miharu were. Perhaps it was because she had started thinking of these two in the same way.</p>

      <p><em>How would this country look to Haruto’s eyes, as someone who was also reborn into this world?</em></p>

      <p>Suddenly, that question popped into Liselotte’s mind. She didn’t consider her own opinions to be absolute, and it was possible the impression she received of this country was off the mark. She wondered what Rio would think, as someone born in this world with the memories of growing up in another democratic world.</p>

      <p><em>Sir Haruto, huh...</em></p>

      <p>At the thought of Rio, a somewhat saddened, somewhat uneasy, conflicted look appeared on Liselotte’s face as she watched the exchange between Natalia and Andrei.</p>

      <p>“E-Enough teasing, Natalia. Liselotte is a noblewoman, so I’m sure she has a much more worthy fiancé than me,” Andrei said suddenly, bringing up the topic in order to hide his embarrassment. But by doing so, he had touched upon a rather delicate topic. If Liselotte answered that she did have a fiancé, things would only get awkward for Andrei and Natalia, who were keeping her captive.</p>

      <p>“Well, I suppose that makes sense... Do you?” Natalia asked nervously.</p>

      <p>“No, I don’t have a fiancé.” Liselotte shook her head with a forced smile.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. What about a crush?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t...really...” She faltered, unable to deny it immediately. There was someone who immediately came to mind, but she wasn’t sure whether her feelings were romantic or not.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, it looks like she does.</em> Natalia’s instincts immediately tipped her off.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>