<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 18</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Guh...” Her body was knocked down, and she slammed heavily into the ground. She was unable to make a safe landing and bounced fiercely, rolling across it. Aria landed after her lightly.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Rio fell down beside Aishia and swung his wind-clad sword, slashing away the orbs of light raining on her.</p>

      <p><em>Aria... Sir Haruto!</em> Liselotte looked between the two of them, overcome with emotion.</p>

      <p><em>Aishia. Another change of plan. Aria and I will take over here. You fly out of the city like this. Don’t worry about the long-ranged shots. I’ll block them all.</em></p>

      <p>As soon as Rio sent that message, he created dozens of orbs of light himself. They were less than ten centimeters in diameter, and there were just enough of them not to block his vision.</p>

      <p><em>Okay.</em> Aishia nodded, then accelerated towards the perimeter of the city.</p>

      <p>“D-Don’t let them get away! Go! Go after them! Someone, assist Saint Erica!” Andrei, who had been dazed by the series of events unfolding, snapped back to his senses and gave the nearby guards orders.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. I won’t be defeated by something like this.” Erica slowly got to her feet, then raised her voice to declare her safety. She brushed the dirt off her clothes in annoyance, seemingly having taken no damage at all.</p>

      <p>“Saint Erica!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, Saint Erica!” Those watching on spoke in awe. Erica lifted her staff as though to respond to them.</p>

      <p><em>She was slammed into the ground with that much force and got up without a scratch. She’s as tough as Aria described her... </em>Rio observed Erica below him and swallowed.</p>

      <p>“I was wondering who was causing this commotion, but I see now. And the boy above you is the one from the Galarc Castle. So you followed me?” Erica looked between Aria standing before her and Rio floating above her, then sighed tiredly.</p>

      <p>“Leave the saint to me!” Aria yelled at Rio. Part of her intention was probably to have Rio stand on watch with his abilities to cover the sky and ground, but she must have had her own emotions towards Erica after what happened in Amande. The intention and resolution to end Erica’s life if the situation called for it could be seen in her eyes.</p>

      <p>“Got it... I won’t let anyone interrupt.”</p>

      <p>Not the soldiers on the ground, nor the spirit arts user hiding to provide long-ranged support. Rio cast his attention across the area with his sharp gaze.</p>

      <p>“These people are servants of Galarc nobles that have come to retrieve Liselotte Cretia! I shall inflict divine punishment upon them!”</p>

      <p>With that declaration, Erica raised her bishop staff and charged at Aria. At the same time, Aria stepped forward to close the space between them. Once they were within reach of each other, they swung their weapons and began a fierce exchange. Erica had more physical strength, but Aria stood up to her with superior maneuvers and combat techniques.</p>

      <p><em>Aria said that Saint Erica has a powerful physical body enhancement, but her movements are still those of an amateur. I agree—as long as no one hinders them, this match will be Aria’s.</em></p>

      <p>Rio observed Erica’s movements from above and judged it safe to leave it to Aria.</p>

      <p>“S-Support Saint Erica now! Apprehend that insolent woman!” Andrei ordered the soldiers gathered at the estate, attempting to block Aria’s movements with their numbers.</p>

      <p>“Raaaargh!” The soldiers started charging at Aria from every direction. At this rate, the battlefield would become a disorderly mess.</p>

      <p>Foreseeing their movements, Rio scattered the orbs of light he had set up around himself, raining them down on the soldiers from a height of ten meters. None of the orbs had enough force to kill unless they hit critical points, but they had enough force to send a large man flying several meters with a direct hit.</p>

      <p>“Guh!”</p>

      <p>“Whoa!”</p>

      <p>Every single orb hit its mark, knocking the soldiers unconscious. In the span of a few seconds, more than a dozen soldiers fell to the ground. There were still soldiers on their feet, but...</p>

      <p>“Eek...”</p>

      <p>They faltered at the sight of their comrades being blown away by the rain of light that appeared out of nowhere. Once they realized that approaching Aria meant coming under Rio’s fire, their legs stopped. Rio replenished his light orbs as soon as he fired them, so their will to fight was whittled away.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What are you doing?! Fight! If you can’t approach that brazen woman, aim for the man flying there. Release your spells, your arrows!” Andrei ordered the soldiers around him anew.</p>

      <p>“Ngh...”</p>

      <p>“<em>Glacies Projectilis!</em>”</p>

      <p>Several people with the means to attack at a distance fired their bows and chanted spells for low-level attack magic, aiming them at Rio. He twirled in the air, spinning to get a 360-degree look at the ground. Once he confirmed where the scattered attacks were coming from, he sent all of his light orbs shooting off at the same time. The orbs darted erratically, as though they had minds of their own, as they chased down each attack spell and arrow. Some extra orbs even went to make a counterattack on the soldiers, knocking them unconscious.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What is that man...?”</p>

      <p>“How can a human float in the air?”</p>

      <p>“What are those balls of light?”</p>

      <p>Rio had gained complete control of his surroundings. Sensing that, the remaining soldiers on the ground lost their will to fight.</p>

      <p>“Is there nothing we can do but watch...?” Andrei fell to his knees in despair.</p>

      <p>With no one to interrupt them, the battle between Aria and Erica had grown more intense. Erica was still the stronger one in physical abilities, but it seemed like Aria had the winning edge. Her combat skills had allowed her to take the lead with counterattacks.</p>

      <p>The fight was leaning in favor of Rio and Aria. If they continued like this, the outcome would be clear in a matter of minutes. But for some reason, the Saint had yet to enhance her physical body. Her hidden strength was still unknown.</p>

      <p><em>Something’s strange. I’ve had control over the air this entire time, but the person who shot at Aishia hasn’t made any attempts to attack me.</em></p>

      <p>Unlike when Aishia tried to escape with Liselotte, all aerial attacks had ceased. Rio had taken position in the air since he had been the most wary of the mysterious spirit arts user, so he found this quite strange.</p>

      <p>“It seems I am at a disadvantage here after all. I can’t fight with all my strength.” Erica suddenly came to a stop on the ground.</p>

      <p>“Refusing to accept your defeat?” Aria said, cautiously pausing.</p>

      <p>“I cannot exert my power to the fullest. The citizens I should be protecting have fallen around me, writhing in pain. If I were to use my power under these conditions, they’d be killed. This man in the sky may seem like a gentleman, but his methods are rather cunning,” Erica said as she looked up.</p>

      <p><em>Aishia, how are things over there? Anything strange? </em>Rio asked, ignoring Erica.</p>

      <p><em>Nothing yet. I’ve reached the southernmost edge of our communication range. </em>In other words, she was roughly one kilometer south of Rio—a short distance out of the city, most likely.</p>

      <p><em>All right. The spirit arts user that obstructed you has stopped attacking here. They may have gone your way, so be careful. We’re about to wrap things up here.</em></p>

      <p><em>Okay.</em></p>

      <p>With that, their transmission ended.</p>

      <p>“Pretending I don’t exist? What a cold man,” Erica lamented from below.</p>

      <p>“I don’t see the person that interrupted your escape before we arrived. I have a bad feeling about it—let’s retreat soon,” Rio said to Aria below as he ignored Erica’s words yet again.</p>

      <p>“Understood,” Aria replied.</p>

      <p>If she had to choose between fighting Saint Erica and securing Liselotte’s safety, she’d prioritize the latter. She wasn’t about to forget that through her hatred. Aria was still as calm as ever.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Did you think you could escape so easily after making such a commotion on enemy grounds?” Erica raised her staff, grinning in defiance.</p>

      <p>“You were the one who started it in our kingdom. You have no right to be criticizing others,” Aria snapped back immediately.</p>

      <p>“Hehehe...”</p>

      <p>Aria raised her sword, ready to stop Erica at a moment’s notice. But in the next moment, Rio launched all his light orbs at the ground, surrounding Aria in a cone shape. The wall of orbs separated Aria from Erica, and in that single instant Rio descended to the ground to pick Aria up in his arms.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go.”</p>

      <p>He rose into the air once more, continuing to an altitude of ten-odd meters high.</p>

      <p><em>There still aren’t any attacks preventing our escape...</em></p>

      <p>At the same time, there were no reports of a surprise attack from Aishia. Why? Rio racked his brain for a reason as he hurried to meet up with Aishia and Liselotte. Meanwhile...</p>

      <p><em>So she can’t use her power fully with people around. But if she lets them leave the city, she’ll be helpless... What will the Saint do now, hmm?</em></p>

      <p>From far above in the skies, Reiss was watching everything unfold.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, in the estate garden immediately after Rio and Aria left, a dismal mood hung in the air. Everyone in the garden had just tasted what despair was like. It was their first defeat since the revolution, and it seeped into them like a poison. The Holy Democratic Republic of Erica was lacking in any real combat experience; most of the battles that took place during the revolution were won with Erica’s power—they were victories unachievable without her. Thus, the soldiers were far less proficient compared to the armies of other kingdoms. Their opponent this time was a bad matchup, but he had provided them a vivid lesson. They were completely underprepared. Utterly powerless.</p>

      <p>“Aah! Oh, Saint Erica! Forgive me, forgive us! We were helpless against him! We were unable to do anything, leaving you to fight alone!” Andrei was as shaken as a man sinking in a swamp of despair, apologizing to Erica with everything he had.</p>

      <p>“It’s all right, Andrei. Everyone else too. You all fought courageously.”</p>

      <p>Erica gave them a kind, motherly smile and shook her head.</p>

      <p>“Saint Erica!”</p>

      <p>“Saint Erica!”</p>

      <p>“Saint Erica!”</p>

      <p>Everyone called Erica’s name, seeking salvation.</p>

      <p>“Liselotte Cretia is a witch after all! A witch! She brought misfortune to this country! She is the symbol of disaster!” Andrei’s face twisted with murderous fury as he declared Liselotte’s existence as evil itself.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. I was the one who brought her here. This was all because of my poor judgment.” Erica suddenly adopted a sorrowful look as she admitted her own mistake.</p>

      <p>“No! Not at all! Who could have known? Who could have known that her gentle, saintlike demeanor hid her true face as a witch! She sympathized with the people and recited impressive words at us to win our hearts! That woman is a cunning witch!” Andrei insisted that Erica wasn’t to be blamed by expressing contempt for Liselotte.</p>

      <p>“Those who invaded us today are the powers possessed by the evil noble class of a major nation. The evil we defeated through revolution was tiny in comparison. As long as huge nations like theirs exist, our country will always be in danger.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, oooh! We were so ignorant, truly! How could we have been so foolish?!”</p>

      <p>“You must not become conceited, Andrei. I’ve always reminded you—humans are foolish creatures.”</p>

      <p>Andrei gasped, then looked even more regretful. “I was truly, truly foolish... How could I have been so blind...”</p>

      <p>“But you must not forget this either: humans are only able to face their true selves when they face their despair. So face it! Learn, without running away! About yourself as a person, about your emotions that remain after the despair. Then use those emotions as fuel to step forward! Do you still have the will to keep moving? Democracy won’t progress without utterly crushing the noble class of the continent. You should be well aware of that. Will you let that stop you?! Do you still wish to make a world for the people?!” Erica raised her bishop staff high, fanning the emotions of her audience with her questions.</p>

      <p>“I-I want to move forward!”</p>

      <p>“We want to keep going!”</p>

      <p>“But how can we?!”</p>

      <p>“Do we have the power to do such a thing?!”</p>

      <p>Those listening to her raised their voices.</p>

      <p>“You do! I said this to them: did you think you could escape so easily after making such a commotion on enemy grounds? So don’t worry—you have me with you! Can you believe in me? In me, and in the miracles I’ve performed until now?!”</p>

      <p>“Of course!”</p>

      <p>“Without question!”</p>

      <p>“I believe!”</p>

      <p>“We’ll believe in you!”</p>

      <p>“Me too!”</p>

      <p>The voices gradually grew more lively.</p>

      <p>“In that case, I shall show you another miracle today! I was planning on saving my power for invading the major nations, but it cannot be helped. A major nation has trampled all over our soil!”</p>

      <p>With the bishop staff in her right hand, Erica spread her arms wide and looked up at the skies.</p>

      <p>“Protector of the weak, the people, this nation! The greatest divine beast, the guardian beast, shall protect the people and slay all evil! Now is the time for judgment! I summon thee, beast of the land!”</p>

      <p>A giant shadow immediately covered the inner courtyard like a cloud.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>