<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 18</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Ahem... Anyways, it truly is difficult, isn’t it? The task of creating a country for the people, by the people. Wouldn’t you agree, Liselotte?” It seemed like such romance talk was still too early for Andrei, who cleared his throat and changed the topic in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“That’s only to be expected... If the ways of the monarchy were wrong, then the new nation has to show the people what the right way is. That burden falls upon you and the other politicians,” Liselotte responded with a slightly saddened smile, thinking about someone who wasn’t there at the moment.</p>

      <p>“It’s truly a big responsibility. I hope Saint Erica returns soon—she should be expected back around this time, but...” Feeling the weight of the nation on his shoulders, Andrei smiled wryly. Erica would return to the country the next day.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>The next afternoon, First Head of State Erica of the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica returned.</p>

      <p>“Oh, how long it has been. We have missed you so much, Saint Erica! Thank goodness you have returned safely...”</p>

      <p>As the prime minister, Andrei worked in the same official residence as Erica. As soon as he heard Erica had returned, he hurried to her office, rejoicing over her return from the bottom of his heart as she remained seated in her chair.</p>

      <p>“It’s good to see you full of energy, Andrei. I’m also glad to be back. Did anything major happen while I was gone?” Erica smiled brightly as she sought an update on the recent state of things.</p>

      <p>“Let’s see... There were no major problems. The city repairs are ongoing, and the people are in high spirits. The congress is also actively discussing how to bring a better future to the people.”</p>

      <p>“Why, that sounds lovely. I knew I could count on you, Andrei,” Erica immediately said in praise.</p>

      <p>“N-Not at all. Everyone did their best to protect the country while you were away. It was nothing of my own doing.”</p>

      <p>“You did your best too, no? That was what came to my mind the moment you stepped into the room. Ah, what a good expression, I thought.”</p>

      <p>“R-Really? Such words are wasted on me.” Andrei bowed his head shyly.</p>

      <p>“It may be a bit late to say this, but I left this country because I wanted you and the other congress members to gain experience. Of course, I had no doubt everyone would be able to handle it, but hearing your words just now made me very pleased.”</p>

      <p>“You thought that far into it...”</p>

      <p>“Hehe.” Erica grinned at Andrei’s emotional reaction.</p>

      <p>“O-Oh, that’s right. Speaking of changes, Liselotte is truly a wonderful person. As expected of Saint Erica to see promise in her.” Andrei’s voice was high-pitched with embarrassment as he spoke about Liselotte.</p>

      <p>“Right? She’s a bright and clever girl. Despite being the daughter of a leading noble, she thinks of the people and governs them well.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I was surprised by the depth of her views. I had more to learn from her than the other way around.”</p>

      <p>“The Holy Democratic Republic of Erica needs more people like her right now.”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I keenly felt our shortage of personnel by talking to her. That’s why we must bring her into our country. That’s what you intended, right?”</p>

      <p>“Andrei...” Erica didn’t speak any words of confirmation or denial, instead calling Andrei’s name as though she was touched.</p>

      <p>“She can definitely be swayed. I’m sure she will agree with our thoughts soon.”</p>

      <p>“What does she think about how she was restrained and forcefully brought to this country?”</p>

      <p>“As per the orders Natalia and the others received, I told her the first time I showed her around the capital that there was a slight misunderstanding, and to wait until you returned to discuss the details. She hasn’t brought up the topic since then... But unfortunately, I don’t think she feels very happy about it.” Andrei frowned a little. Ever since he’d started frequenting Liselotte’s room, he’d started to understand her nature more. She was born as a high-ranked noble, yet she interacted with commoners like them on equal standing.</p>

      <p>If such a person was so enraged, perhaps there was validity behind her reasoning? Andrei continued following Erica’s orders out of his near-religious devotion to her, but he was beginning to wonder if he should lend an ear to Liselotte’s reasoning as well.</p>

      <p>“I see... I’ve given you a difficult role to bear, Andrei. Forgive me.” Erica saw through the subtleties in Andrei’s expression and apologized with a bitter smile.</p>

      <p>“N-No, not at all. It is my duty as prime minister to support you, Saint Erica. I know that this is expected of someone in a political position.” Andrei shook his head humbly.</p>

      <p>“You really are an earnest worker. But I sometimes worry you’re holding in all your emotions.”</p>

      <p>“I am unworthy of such consideration.”</p>

      <p>“...” Erica stared with a loving gaze at Andrei as he humbled himself, then suddenly stood up. She walked up to him and stroked his cheek gently.</p>

      <p>“Uh... S-Saint Erica?” Andrei froze.</p>

      <p>“If anything is bothering you, tell me all about it.” She giggled.</p>

      <p>“R-Right! Gladly!” Andrei nodded enthusiastically.</p>

      <p>“Now, it’s time to pay Liselotte a visit. Andrei, gather all the congress members that are available right now. As soon as they’re ready, bring Liselotte to the congress office.”</p>

      <p>“I understand.” Andrei nodded readily, then hurried out of the room with brisk footsteps.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>An hour later, Liselotte was shown out of the room she was confined in by Natalia, who led her to the meeting room. Waiting inside the office were Erica, Andrei, and dozens of other congress members from the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica.</p>

      <p>Liselotte hadn’t heard that Erica had returned, so she walked in assuming she was observing another congress meeting. When she spotted Erica standing on the platform, her eyes widened. Natalia nudged her to stand before the platform.</p>

      <p>“Hello, Liselotte.”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t Sakuraba Erika who greeted her, but the saint. She had a sociable attitude, as though she had never attacked Liselotte in Amande.</p>

      <p>“...” Liselotte didn’t respond. She furrowed her brows in a glare, expressing her anger. Even the normally good-natured Liselotte could be enraged.</p>

      <p>That was how awful this saint had been to her.</p>

      <p>She had behaved maturely before Andrei and Natalia because there was no point in being hostile to them, but she didn’t have to hold back before Erica.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, dear Liselotte. You’ll get wrinkles like that. It’d be a waste of such a cute face, wouldn’t you say?”</p>

      <p>Liselotte’s expression wasn’t severe enough to form wrinkles, but Erica feigned ignorance and pointed it out anyway. The congress room wasn’t that big, so her voice carried clearly even at a normal speaking volume.</p>

      <p>“I’m still fifteen years old, so I don’t need your concern.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, really? You don’t look fifteen at all...” Considering her knowledge of Liselotte’s previous life as Rikka, she was probably being sarcastic.</p>

      <p>“I couldn’t recognize you either, Ms. Sakuraba. The last time I saw you in Amande, you had the face of a savage beast.”</p>

      <p>Liselotte returned the favor by purposefully calling Erica by her last name. Andrei and Natalia, who were standing behind Erica, cocked their heads in confusion, unaware of Erica’s last name.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, what are you talking about?” Erica maintained her feigned ignorance.</p>

      <p>“Are you suffering from memory loss?”</p>

      <p>“I truly don’t remember. It’s been a long and eventful journey, so the trifling matters that occur along the way get forgotten...”</p>

      <p>“Trifling matters, you say? I see, your exhausting duties must have accelerated your aging. Do take care of your health.” Liselotte looked at Erica’s face as though she were genuinely concerned.</p>

      <p>“Why, thank you for your concern. Hahaha.”</p>

      <p>Erica and Liselotte smiled gently while throwing knife-sharp words at each other. Andrei, Natalia, and the others in the room watched their exchange in silence.</p>

      <p>“Natalia, does the air feel rather hostile to you...?”</p>

      <p>“It’s not just the air that’s hostile right now. An intelligent woman is speaking sarcastically with a smile—you better carve this moment into your intuition.”</p>

      <p>Standing behind Erica, Andrei sensed the serious atmosphere in the room and turned to question Natalia about it. Natalia answered in a cold sweat.</p>

      <p>“Now then, could you explain this situation and why I was kidnapped to the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica? I, Liselotte Cretia of the Galarc Kingdom, demand to be returned immediately.”</p>

      <p>She had waited long enough for Erica’s return. With no patience left for mind games, Liselotte stated her position clearly.</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, you cannot be returned to the Galarc Kingdom. You have learned of our national secret.”</p>

      <p>“That you are a hero, you mean?”</p>

      <p>“That’s right,” Erica agreed without hesitation.</p>

      <p>“You sure admitted it easily for a national secret. Not even Prime Minister Andrei knew the truth.” Liselotte looked at Andrei.</p>

      <p>“Is that true, Saint Erica?” Andrei asked with a hopeful look.</p>

      <p>“Now that it’s out in the open, I can only accept it. It’s true, Andrei. I am apparently a hero,” Erica answered. The room buzzed with noise.</p>

      <p>“Quiet, everyone. Let me speak to Liselotte,” Erica said.</p>

      <p>“If you’re willing to admit it that easily, then I don’t believe there was a need to kidnap me. Are you saying you wouldn’t have abducted me if I hadn’t asked if you were the hero in Amande?”</p>

      <p>“There’s no point in discussing hypotheticals. You learned of an important secret, so I simply thought to bring a souvenir of my own back with me.”</p>

      <p>“Is the fact that you’re the hero an important secret?”</p>

      <p>“Someone as bright as you should know the value of information. Haven’t you come to a conclusion for that reason already?”</p>

      <p>“Only that you can use it to your advantage by keeping it a secret until the right moment. But I want to hear the answer from you, considering all the trouble I’ve gone through because of it.”</p>

      <p>“That I cannot do. I won’t be giving you answers.” Erica declined answering with a bright grin.</p>

      <p>“Is it related to how you’re a prophet as well? The prophecy you saw should have appeared in your dreams shortly after the hero summoning, but...” Liselotte used key words that would draw out a reaction and watched Erica’s face for more information.</p>

      <p>“Oh, you seem rather knowledgeable about it.”</p>

      <p>“I’ve met the other five heroes before. As far as I know, they were taught how to use their Divine Arms in their dreams.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, that would be correct. I saw that dream shortly after I was summoned as well.”</p>

      <p>“...” Liselotte stared at the way Erica readily nodded.</p>

      <p>“What is it?” Erica looked puzzled.</p>

      <p>“Was the prophecy from that dream?”</p>

      <p>“Who knows? If you join our country, perhaps I could share that information with you...”</p>

      <p>“I see. No thank you, then.” Liselotte backed down immediately.</p>

      <p>“What a shame. Ah, speaking of heroes, I met the hero girl from Galarc. She had a determined spirit. There was another quiet Japanese girl with her, but was she a hero as well? I believe her name was Miharu,” Erica said, as though it suddenly came to her mind.</p>

      <p><em>Miharu was there...? Does that mean Sir Haruto was present as well?</em></p>

      <p>Liselotte’s eyes widened faintly, wondering if he had returned from his trip.</p>

      <p>“But there was a gray-haired boy who seemed stronger than her there. Could he be the hero instead? His physical body enhancement was on par with mine.”</p>

      <p>It turned out Erica had met with someone resembling Haruto.</p>

      <p>“Who knows? If information about the heroes is a national secret as you say, then I cannot answer. I don’t want to indiscriminately spread personal information about others either.”</p>

      <p>“Hmph. You say that, but you forced my information out of me.” Erica puffed up her cheeks, sulking.</p>

      <p>“Forced? That’s a bit misleading. We both agreed to answer each other’s questions, and I followed those rules too.”</p>

      <p>“What about all the questions I know you must have asked Andrei while I was away? You say you don’t want to spread personal information, but you’re fine with prying into other people’s lives? Isn’t that a bit unfair? But I guess that’s the typical way of the noble class.”</p>

      <p>“Indiscriminately, I said. It depends on who I’m talking to, and what about. A matter of trust. And you were the one who ordered Andrei to teach me about the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica yourself, no? It’s absurd to expect the head of state not to come up in such discussions.”</p>

      <p>“You have such an eloquent way with words. And a dauntless attitude. It’s why you don’t appear fifteen, but it’s also the type of personality highly sought after from politicians. Everyone should learn from you.” Erica giggled in amusement, addressing the room at large.</p>

      <p>“Haha...”</p>

      <p>Andrei and Natalia had strained smiles behind Erica. Liselotte had never shown her noble attitude in front of the two of them.</p>

      <p>Part of the reason was because Andrei had said to her at their first meeting that he wouldn’t make any political decisions as a proxy for Erica, but Liselotte had also wanted to imply that she never saw him as a politician.</p>

      <p>“That aside, the gray-haired boy. Could he be in that kind of relationship with you?”</p>

      <p>“You sure change the subject quickly. I doubt it’s an appropriate topic for a place like this, but what kind of relationship do you mean?” Liselotte looked exasperated at the sudden change in topic.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... I wouldn’t call you lovers, but you said you were interested in someone, no? I was just wondering if he could be that person. He seemed to be surrounded by many lovely women who adored him,” Erica said teasingly, but Liselotte’s response was blunt.</p>

      <p>“I have no reason to answer you.”</p>

      <p>“If you refuse to answer every one of my questions, I won’t answer any of yours. I’m sure you have lots to ask me as well.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind if you’re selective over your answers, so please ask something more worthwhile. And I’ve never believed in all your words to begin with.”</p>

      <p>“It seems I really am hated after all,” Erica said, expressing a disappointed mood that the whole room could pick up on.</p>

      <p>“I understand. Then let’s get to the point—though I’m not sure what to discuss first. If there’s anything you wish to ask, feel free to ask it,” Erica said in compromise, making a display of how generous she was.</p>

      <p><em>She sure excels at making herself look good...</em></p>

      <p>By doing something that showed the difference between herself and the other party, she could bring down their image. It was a cunning but clever trick. The side being insulted would not be amused and would be more prone to snapping; it was clear that Erica was used to inciting others. However, Liselotte wasn’t so easily provoked into becoming angry.</p>

      <p>“If you met the three of them, does that mean you went to the Galarc Castle?” If Erica was willing to give answers, then she wouldn’t hold back her questions.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I figured I had to address the matter of your abduction. I spoke to the Galarc King as well.”</p>

      <p>“With His Majesty...?”</p>

      <p>“The Galarc Kingdom is no good. I warned them to abandon the monarchy, but the evil king is obsessed with his power. He wouldn’t heed my words at all and threatened me with his military power instead,” Erica sighed sadly.</p>

      <p>“That doesn’t sound like the king that I know,” Liselotte said, indirectly suggesting Erica was lying.</p>

      <p>“But that is the impression I received from him.”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>“Oh yes, your strong attendant was also there.”</p>

      <p>“I see. So Aria’s safe.” Liselotte had been abducted immediately after Erica sent a powerful attack at Aria, kicking up a cloud of dust and blocking her view, so she hadn’t been able to see what happened. Knowing that Aria was still alive was enough to fill her with relief.</p>

      <p>“She seemed very lively and ready to attack me at any moment. Perhaps our different impressions of the king are caused by her making a misleading testimony? She seemed to be extremely hostile towards me.”</p>

      <p>“That’s only to be expected after what you did in Amande. But Aria would never give a testimony that twisted the truth,” Liselotte stated clearly.</p>

      <p>“You seem to trust her a lot. Just like how I trust the people of this country, including the people here right now.” Erica turned her head slightly, looking at the people gathered in the room with a gentle smile. Everyone beamed back at her happily.</p>

      <p>“Aria and I have gone through a lot together. Enough to form a foundation of trust.”</p>

      <p>It was hard to imagine Erica had any trust accumulated—if anything, she seemed like the type to discard the subjects of her human relationships after gaining their trust. There was nothing to believe about a person like that who looked down on Aria. That’s what Liselotte was implying with her words.</p>

      <p>“I see, so you treasure those experiences. That must be what we’re lacking with you. We’d like you to join us at this very moment, but it seems impossible to ask you to trust and assist us without those experiences,” Erica said.</p>

      <p>“Naturally.”</p>

      <p>Yes, that was a given. That was the last thing Liselotte wanted to hear from her, but she kept her sarcasm limited to a single word of agreement.</p>

      <p>“Andrei and Natalia have been very good to you, no? They truly believe in making a country for the sake of the people. Shouldn’t you have accumulated some experiences with them while I was gone?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I suppose... More than with you, at least.”</p>

      <p>Liselotte glanced at Andrei and Natalia and nodded.</p>

      <p>“In that case, why don’t you speak your mind in front of the two of them?”</p>

      <p>“Do you wish for me to repeat what I said in Amande here? No matter how many times you ask, my answer won’t change. And I’ve discussed many things with Andrei during your absence.”</p>

      <p>“Even then, I want you to express yourself in front of everyone here. As the daughter of a great lord, born and raised in a major kingdom, please tell us how you see the rule of the monarchy. As a member of the noble class with actually respectable values, what is your perspective? I’ve received a brief report on what was discussed while waiting in this room, and it seems like you gave a lot of advice on our administration system. Thank you for that.”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t say anything of that much importance.”</p>

      <p>“Not at all. I found the topic of the conflict in rights a very fascinating topic. It is a problem sure to arise between the people in the future of this country, one which will strongly influence how our administration system can bloom as a democracy. That’s why I’d like to hold a discussion over that topic today,” Erica said, leading the meeting with the aura of a teacher.</p>

      <p><em>She said she was a lecturer at a university, if I recall. No wonder she seems so familiar with this kind of thing...</em> Liselotte recalled what she’d heard from her in Amande.</p>

      <p>“I’m fine with that, but may I ask one thing first?” she asked, adding a condition before participating in Erica’s discussion.</p>

      <p>“Yes?”</p>

      <p>“Judging by the way you’re leading the discussion, I believe you must have realized the latent issues this country is carrying already.”</p>

      <p>Liselotte asked to confirm if Erica was already aware of the problems—and had left them alone knowingly.</p>

      <p>“Hehehe. How observant of you. Indeed, I’ve noticed what the direction this country is heading towards is and what issues will arise already.”</p>

      <p>“R-Really?! Why didn’t you...” Andrei looked shocked behind her. The congress members in the room stirred quietly.</p>

      <p>“It’s easy for me to order you to make countermeasures, but I cannot be giving you orders for everything. I want everyone to gain experience, not knowledge. You already have unconditional belief in everything I say. Merely following orders isn’t enough for you to grow.” Erica turned around and smiled gracefully at Andrei, then looked around at the faces of the congress members.</p>

      <p>“You truly predicted everything,” he murmured.</p>

      <p>“Is that why you made them show me the country in your absence? So that I could see through the issues and tell them to Andrei? Since your people are less likely to believe me as an outsider.”</p>

      <p>“Hehe. You truly have superb observational skills. I was sure you would notice this country’s problems. Whether you would actually pass them on to Andrei or not was a fifty-fifty chance in my mind, though.”</p>

      <p>“...” Liselotte found Erica’s gloating smile rather unpleasant and eerie. She couldn’t tell at what point Erica had had everything planned, how far her plan extended, or why she would do such a thing.</p>

      <p>Although she stated her various intentions, Liselotte couldn’t help but feel like those statements were misleading as well. However, she had no proof. Erica hid everything too well.</p>

      <p>“If you’re done with your question, let’s move on to the main discussion. For some time now, I have been preaching to the people of the flaws of human governance. Human rulers make laws convenient for themselves, and those laws change every time the ruler changes. It’s a highly unstable system.”</p>

      <p>“Is that why you want to create a society where the laws rule over people equally? So that people can be judged as equals.”</p>

      <p>“As expected of you. You understand that what I want is universal laws to bring justice and salvation to the weak, don’t you? That’s why humans cannot create the rules. They’re different things. Humans cannot create laws of a higher order than other humans, so those laws are not absolute. For example, it would be out of the question to accept a law that approves of the noble class and social status system. It’s a bit of a simplification, but that’s the gist of it...”</p>

      <p>In Earth terms, this way of thinking was called the rule of law. It was originally a principle developed from the foundations of Anglo-American law, but they were currently in a world with vastly different cultural foundations. It was hard to say if such ideas would have ever budded here of their own accord. As an aside, there was a similarly named rule of law in this world with different principles that was developed as a continental law.</p>

      <p>If the rule of law from modern Earth was to spread in this world—for example, if Japan’s constitution were to be applied here—the privileges of the current royalty and nobility would immediately become negated. Either their statuses would be entirely abolished, or they would remain in name with no real privileges left.</p>

      <p>However, forcefully spreading that idea would inevitably result in fierce rebellion from royalty and nobles unwilling to part with their vested interests.</p>

      <p>“Don’t you think it’s a wonderful way of thinking?” Erica turned to question Liselotte, who was seated across from her, with a cheerful expression. Liselotte knew she was being tested as a member of the noble class.</p>

      <p>“I believe I said something similar in Amande, but it’s unjust for the noble class to oppress the lower class without reason, and humans have no right to discriminate. This is my personal opinion,” she replied firmly.</p>

      <p>“You truly have splendid values. If all royals and nobles were like you, the world would have remained a kind place to live in for a long time. However, not everyone thinks like you. Humans are foolish creatures. There are those who want to discriminate. Those who feel a sense of superiority and relief by looking down on others. As long as those types of people exist in this world, the weak will always be subject to the whims of those in control. Everyone here has experienced this firsthand.”</p>

      <p>In response to Erica’s statement, the congress members all spoke up in agreement.</p>

      <p>Before anyone knew it, the atmosphere of the room had turned Erica into the representative of the people, and Liselotte into the representative of all royals and nobles.</p>

      <p>This was no discussion.</p>

      <p>It was a trial. Everyone in the room besides Liselotte had experienced hardship in their lives because of the noble class, and they all agreed with Erica’s thoughts.</p>

      <p>Liselotte had had a faint idea of what would happen from the moment she stepped into the room and saw Erica’s face, but she also knew the moment she abandoned the discussion, she would be fully recognized as the villain. She knew she had no chance of winning, but she had no choice but to justify herself through the discussion.</p>

      <p>“I believe I can understand the reason why everyone finds you and your ideas so wonderful, Saint Erica,” she said, looking around the room.</p>

      <p>“What about yourself, Liselotte? Do you not agree that my ideas are wonderful?”</p>

      <p>“On a personal level, I can empathize with them to a great extent.”</p>

      <p>“What a noble-like response. You won’t agree that they’re wonderful. It almost sounds like you harbor ill feelings about it...”</p>

      <p>“I merely thought that guided yes or no questions wouldn’t be enough to express my thoughts.”</p>

      <p>“And as a result, I sensed there were ill feelings in your response. What’s wrong with that? Do you disagree with the idea of guiding people to the correct path through a higher-order law, a truth of the world that realizes the justice of bringing salvation to the weak?”</p>

      <p>“It’s not wrong... I just think that rapidly promoting such an idea can result in chaos.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? How so?”</p>

      <p>“You’ll be making an enemy of every noble who wants to maintain their interests. Such a thing will result in war.”</p>

      <p>“The noble class are the ones in the wrong, no? If the noble class won’t resolve the injustice themselves, then the oppressed people must rise in revolution to correct them...”</p>

      <p>“It’s not only figures of power who live in a kingdom. There are many people in a country, and it’s because of those people that the country can flourish. I understand that if the people wish for correction, then a revolution is inevitable and justified. However, forcing a revolution when the system of the kingdom is solid and stable could result in a tragedy.”</p>

      <p>“Are you that afraid of confronting other nobles?” Erica taunted.</p>

      <p>“I am afraid. For example, let’s say I led the people of Amande in a revolution against the kingdom. All the nobles of the nation would direct their military forces at me in retaliation. But would I be the only one at risk? Won’t the people living in my territory get killed along the way? How do you think the people would see such a situation? I’d be criticized for starting a pointless war with no chance of victory,” Liselotte said without hesitation.</p>

      <p>“So you’re telling me to wait until the passing of time wears down the governing system of the noble class? That I should ignore the people out there suffering right this moment?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t want those people to be ignored... But having a just reason doesn’t make it okay to put them on a sinking ship.”</p>

      <p>Liselotte frowned bitterly. First and foremost, the questions Erica was demanding answers for weren’t matters an individual could resolve alone. They were difficult problems that a forced solution could ruin any hope of solving, dragging others into the destruction.</p>

      <p>“So you’d abandon the resolution of the problem. In that case, you should discard your noble status. If you won’t do that, it means you want to selfishly cling to your status in order to continue living comfortably as a noble. You think that if you say words to pander to the people, you won’t be hated by them,” Erica said, pointing at Liselotte and criticizing her. It was a terrible way of one-sidedly labeling her.</p>

      <p>However, most of the congress members present sided with Erica, who stood on the side of the victims—the people. Many voices echoed in agreement, criticizing Liselotte, who stood on the side of the perpetrators.</p>

      <p>They believed that if she truly thought of the people, she would be willing to throw away her status that allowed her a comfortable life.</p>

      <p>“I am a noble of the Galarc Kingdom. As the governor of Amande, I have to be responsible for the people living there. If I abandon that position, the lives of the people in Amande will become unstable. Wouldn’t that be irresponsible?”</p>

      <p>In the end, Liselotte didn’t state that she would discard her noble status. While her expression stiffened involuntarily, she stated her opinion without fear. In response, the participating congress members expressed their disappointment and rage. Some voices shouted, “Don’t make excuses!” and others echoed them in agreement. They had no idea how much Liselotte was adored by the people of Amande.</p>

      <p>“I know that Amande is a wonderful city. Indeed, without you, the lives of the people there would be of a much lesser quality.” Contrary to everyone’s expectations, Erica readily praised Liselotte’s governing of Amande.</p>

      <p>“In that case, please send me back to Amande. I cannot fulfill my duty as governor in my present location. By abducting me from my kingdom, you have made the lives of the people of Amande unstable. Am I wrong?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed, that could be one way of looking at it. But how about seeing it this way? The reason why Amande has been governed well until now is because Liselotte Cretia is a good noble. But what if the next noble that governs Amande is a tyrant? There must be many who live in fear of that.”</p>

      <p>“That’s exactly why you should send me back immediately...”</p>

      <p>“Don’t you think that you should take measures to ensure that the people of Amande can live safely, even without the presence of Liselotte Cretia? So that the people won’t be endangered no matter who takes over Amande after you.”</p>

      <p>“What are you trying to say?”</p>

      <p>Liselotte seemed to have sensed something from that response, as she asked her question with a fed-up look.</p>

      <p>“In other words, despite your claims of responsibility over the people of Amande, you haven’t been fulfilling that duty. You may be doing well in the present, but you haven’t given any thought to the next generations. It’s the same as disregarding the entire future of the city. Would anyone here wish to live under such a governor?” Erica said, inviting the listening congress members to respond.</p>

      <p>“No!”</p>

      <p>“A leader has to think about the future!”</p>

      <p>“That’s right, that’s right!” they said, one after another.</p>

      <p><em>We’re going around in circles. This saint is saying to make the city democratic so that the people’s lives won’t sink into depravity. Even though she knows that doing so will make an enemy of every royal and noble in the kingdom, contradicting her own point. But even if I explain that, no one here will listen.</em></p>

      <p>The rules that Liselotte could set for Amande were ranked below the higher-order national laws and territory laws. Thus, as a governor, there was no point in making rules that went against the national and territory laws. On top of that, it was possible for new governors to repeal the rules set by previous governors.</p>

      <p>Even if a new system was introduced to keep the rule ongoing after a change in governor, it would require special permission from the territory lord and king, and even that permission could be reversed if a new lord and king came into power. In which case, it would ultimately require a revolution to rebuild society and implement the rule of law.</p>

      <p><em>This is probably as far as Saint Erica wants this discussion to go.</em></p>

      <p>Since she wasn’t able to shift the destination of their talk, it was Liselotte’s defeat. She knew she had a slim chance of victory to begin with, and that was exactly what happened.</p>

      <p>Now that things had come to this, there was no point in repeating herself in this discussion. The only thing to do was to move on to the next stage herself.</p>

      <p>“I believe we’ve drifted rather far from the main point of the discussion. Is that okay? I recall the topic to be about the conflict of rights and how to make democracy succeed in this country, but the conversation was mostly similar to what we exchanged in Amande,” Liselotte asked Erica with a shrug.</p>

      <p>There were voices who opposed this. Shouts of “Don’t change the topic,” “You’re running away,” and “Accept your defeat graciously” sounded out, but Liselotte didn’t appear bothered by them.</p>

      <p>“I believe we’ve given the topic plenty of debate. Today, our respective rights to freedom of speech were presented to each other. We put into practice the collision of rights.”</p>

      <p>“That just sounds like sophistry...”</p>

      <p>“No, the biggest difference from our conversation in Amande is the members of congress gathered here to decide on this country’s future. That, and I believe our discussion was only of such a high degree because it was made by you and me. If either one of us had been replaced by someone else, the talk wouldn’t have gotten this heated. There’s great meaning in allowing those here today to hear this conversation. Their thoughts after hearing the discussion will surely influence the future of this country that they will create. I am certain of this.” Erica looked around the room with a derisive sneer.</p>

      <p>“Well then, may I assume you’ve achieved your goal in calling me here?”</p>

      <p>“No, there’s one last thing... Liselotte. Will you lend me your strength? Let us bring salvation to the weak together. If you and I join hands, our peaceful reign will last far longer than that in Amande.”</p>

      <p>“That sounds like a rather dangerous statement. Are you telling me to betray my country?” Liselotte frowned. Erica’s statement just now sounded like she was planning a revolution in Galarc, and wanted assistance.</p>

      <p>“How you interpret it is up to you. But as a hero, I can make it happen. I’m capable of it. That’s why I’m making this proposal.”</p>

      <p>“There are five other heroes, you know? They’ve all been confirmed to be affiliated with a kingdom. Do you plan on making enemies of all five of them?”</p>

      <p>“That won’t be a problem. I won’t lose to any hero that’s been living a warm and sheltered life provided by their country. As long as I stand on the front line as the Saint and a hero, the people will not know defeat.”</p>

      <p>“That’s quite the confidence you have...”</p>

      <p>“Yes. That is why I am requesting your assistance once again. You understand it perfectly well, don’t you? That humans are foolish creatures. That is why we need intelligent people like you. Let’s create our reality together.” Erica smiled gently, offering her hand to Liselotte.</p>

      <p>“I’ve never particularly thought of myself as smart. People can’t be valued by their intelligence. Your so-called ideal government system doesn’t measure people like that either, does it? That’s why you consider people to be born equal.” Liselotte did not accept Erica’s hand.</p>

      <p>“Yes, exactly.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, please stop this extortion. How does forcing me to obey you like this make you any different from the evil noble class that you detest so much?”</p>

      <p>Likes, dislikes. People were free to express their opinions. They had the freedom to convey their thoughts to others. However, it was wrong to force those thoughts on someone else. People had the freedom not to be forced into things, after all.</p>

      <p>When the conflict of rights happened without any respect for each other, imposition occurred. The act of forcing another into something was coercion. And when coercion went too far, it became controlling.</p>

      <p>Of course, merely discussing one’s opinions and ideas was fine, as it was the very essence of democracy. However, trying to bend the opinions and thoughts of someone you disagreed with, controlling them no matter what—that was the equivalent of a human ruling over another human. Wasn’t that essentially the same abuse of power that they hated so much?</p>

      <p>Liselotte stared at Erica in protest.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What did she just say?!”</p>

      <p>“How does insisting on the right thing make us the same as the noble class?!”</p>

      <p>“We only act as a collective will! The consensus of the people is what is correct!”</p>

      <p>“What slander!”</p>

      <p>“Take back your words!”</p>

      <p>“Wicked noblewoman who only cares for her own interests without fulfilling her duties!”</p>

      <p>“She only cares about herself! That’s why she won’t discard her status!”</p>

      <p>“A woman born in a blessed environment wouldn’t understand us!”</p>

      <p>“All she does is take taxes from the people she should be protecting! This woman is a criminal!”</p>

      <p>“She only knows how to ride her high horse! Repent!”</p>

      <p>“This woman is a witch!”</p>

      <p>“Convict her! She must be convicted by us!”</p>

      <p>The congress members reddened in anger and yelled abusively at Liselotte unanimously. They tried to guilt her by calling her evil, to teach her the truth. They must have felt personally attacked by her point, as their reactions were excessively heated.</p>

      <p>“...” Liselotte bit her lip sadly, but didn’t argue back.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>