<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="fr" xml:lang="fr">
<head>
<title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime, Vol. 3</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter004b">
<p>“…Inherited?”</p>
<p>“Yeah. When I ate her.”</p>
<p>The four of them looked surprised, but none seemed angry. They retained their cool as they waited for me to continue. They had chosen to believe in me, luckily enough.</p>
<p>“Shizu and I came from the same country. When she died, she asked me to take over her mission…and as proof that I’ve taken on her will, I picked up the form you see here. So…I can’t go around acting like an ass while I look like Shizu, you know?” I said quietly.</p>
<p>About half of that was my real feelings. The other half, really, was just an excuse I was using to deceive myself. <em>Guess there’s no helping it if they’re suspicious of me now</em>, I thought, as I turned my eyes to Fuze.</p>
<p>“…Can you tell us what happened?”</p>
<p>There was not a trace of doubt in his voice. So I spent the next few minutes describing Shizu’s final moments, as well as the circumstances behind my death and rebirth.</p>
<p>“I see… So that’s what it was…,” Fuze whispered.</p>
<p>Perhaps Fuze had been spending so much time in this town because he wanted to ask me about Shizu. Just like me, he had trouble finding the right time to bring it up.</p>
<p>“Well,” Kabal said, “I believe in you, pal.”</p>
<p>“Yeah, me too.”</p>
<p>“And me! And me!” Elen insisted. “But… Wow, Shizu really did everything she could to make her dream come true. And now you’re gonna try to make that happen, Rimuru?”</p>
<p>Elen’s question was more to the point than I had anticipated. But there was no need to tiptoe around answering it.</p>
<p>“I am. I promised her as much. I’m going to free up all the emotions that are binding her heart down. Not that I’ve met the guy or anything yet, but as far as I’m concerned, the demon lord Leon is my prey to catch.”</p>
<p>“Wow… I always knew I could believe in you, Rimuru!”</p>
<p>Elen flashed me a friendly smile. As for the other three men:</p>
<p>“Leon? <em>Huh?!</em>”</p>
<p>“You’ve got a death wish, Rimuru. I mean, Charybdis is practically a pushover compared to that guy…”</p>
<p>“Yes! You can’t go around calling someone like that your prey! Don’t blame me if it leads to your death!”</p>
<p>They were, to say the least, a little unnerved. Well, so be it. Wish they could learn a little from Elen, but our little heart-to-heart seemed to have earned me all their trust. They each offered to join in this battle, but I turned them down. If I blew this, as I explained, it’d be up to them to figure out a new plan immediately. They relented pretty quickly.</p>
<p class="space-break"><em>Charybdis, though, huh…?</em></p>
<p>Thinking about the battle up ahead was already dampening my spirits.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>