<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Hello, everyone. This is Yuri Kitayama. Thank you for picking up <em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles, Volume 9 — Heroes in the Moonlight</em>.</p>

      <p>So, we’ve finally reached the banquet arc! This volume contains the highest page count yet, and the banquet arc will reach its climax in Volume 10, so please look forward to it! Furthermore, on December 27, the first volume of the comics version of <em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles</em> goes on sale, and those who purchase both volumes (including this one) will gain access to read a novella online that is several thousand characters long, so please check out Volume 1 of the comic too (it’s a jam-packed bonus about what happens behind the main story). The comic itself will also have its own original bonuses, as well as a cute bonus comic of Professor Celia! Finally, <em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles</em> campaigns are being held everywhere, including on Twitter and in bookstores where you can find giant signboards of Professor Celia. Please go check them out!<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="signature">Yuri Kitayama</p>

      <p class="signature">Early December, 2017</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>