<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 6: Banquet, Before Day 2. And in the Shadows...</h1>

      <p>It was decided that Rio and Miharu would continue to stay in Satsuki’s quarters for the first night of the banquet. The next morning, they rose a little later than usual due to their fatigue from the previous night and enjoyed a relaxed breakfast. Once afternoon rolled around, they had a later lunch to accommodate for the late breakfast.</p>

      <p>“Mm, I still feel tired from yesterday. It was my first time talking to so many people, so it was more exhausting than I thought it’d be. Are you two doing all right?” Satsuki asked Rio and Miharu as she stretched her arms in the air.</p>

      <p>“I think I’ll manage,” Rio nodded cheerfully. There was no sign of fatigue on his face.</p>

      <p>“Me too,” Miharu said, but her face showed a bit of exhaustion.</p>

      <p>“No pushing yourselves. The hero from the Centostella Kingdom could arrive at any moment, but we don’t know if it’s Takahisa or not, so we should just relax until we find out. Ah, speaking of relaxing, I want to go to Haruto’s house!” Satsuki said teasingly.</p>

      <p>“While it would be bad to sneak out regularly, if there’s an opportunity for it, then you’re most welcome to come.” Rio chuckled. Miharu also laughed happily, clearly at ease at the moment despite her fatigue.</p>

      <p>However, their moment of relaxation did not last long, as a knock echoed from the door to Satsuki’s quarters.</p>

      <p>“Yes, who is it? It’s open.” Satsuki remained seated at the dining table as she called out to the door. Immediately, the door opened with a clack to reveal a female knight acting as messenger.</p>

      <p>“Pardon the intrusion. The Centostella Kingdom’s hero, Sir Takahisa Sendo, has arrived. In line with this, he has immediately requested an audience with the two of you, and is waiting in the drawing parlor. Can you come with me?” The female knight said.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Roughly ten minutes later, Satsuki and Miharu brought Rio along as they rushed towards the drawing parlor. When the guard before the room opened the door, Satsuki entered the room in the lead, Miharu and Rio following behind her.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me!”</p>

      <p>Inside the room, Francois and Charlotte from the Galarc side were seated in the lower seats, while the seat of honor at the back was taken by a black-haired Japanese boy and a beautiful girl with long, sparkling blonde hair. Three female knights stood on standby behind the boy and girl. A young girl in her early teens was among them, and for some reason her eyes widened a bit when she spotted Rio and the others.</p>

      <p>“Satsuki! And...!” The black-haired Japanese boy shot out of his seat as soon as Satsuki appeared. Then, when he spotted Miharu behind her, his expression was overcome with emotion.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>