<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Masato, who had finished his bath, let out a sound of amazement. “Ooh!”</p>

      <p>“That’s amazing, Onii-chan! So cool! Miharu looks beautiful too!” Latifa was quite excited as she shouted her words of praise.</p>

      <p>“You really look beautiful, Miharu. And Rio looks handsome too.” Sara also praised Miharu before turning to praise Rio next with embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“This design doesn’t exist in the village. So there are outfits like this out there.”</p>

      <p>“Rio looks slender like this, and Miharu’s great figure is emphasized.”</p>

      <p>Orphia and Alma were also looking at Rio and Miharu with interest.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much,” Rio said awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, it feels a bit embarrassing, being stared at so much.” Miharu’s cheeks reddened as she averted her eyes, landing on Aki instead. “What do you think, Aki?”</p>

      <p>Aki had been watching Miharu with adoration. She snapped back to her senses when Miharu addressed her, nodding firmly. “...Yeah, it’s beautiful!”</p>

      <p>“Hehe, thank you.” Miharu smiled happily.</p>

      <p>Aki tilted her head. “By the way, does this mean you’ll have to dance in those outfits during the banquet?” she asked Rio.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I wonder. Will we?” Rio had taken etiquette lessons in his time at the Royal Academy, but he had never attended a real banquet before, so he asked Celia.</p>

      <p>“Well, you’re not forced to participate, but there will be an opportunity to do so while you’re there,” Celia replied, drawing on her experience of attending noble banquets.</p>

      <p>“R-Really?” Miharu’s body stiffened in fright.</p>

      <p>“Ah, I see. Is it possible that you don’t know how to dance, Miharu?” Celia asked, to which Miharu nodded hesitantly in response.</p>

      <p>“...Yes.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Well, it won’t be a problem if you can’t dance, but we don’t know for sure what might happen, so maybe it’d be more reassuring if you learned the basics of how to dance? If you’d like, I could teach you in the time before the banquet...”</p>

      <p>“Would you? I would really like that, please!” Miharu sighed in relief, relying on Celia’s expertise.</p>

      <p>“Got it. Just leave it to me!” Celia agreed confidently. “Rio can be your practice partner too. You learned how to dance at the academy, right Rio?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Very roughly, though...” In contrast to Celia’s confidence, Rio nodded weakly. He hadn’t danced once in the four years since he fled the academy, so it made sense that he had no confidence in himself.</p>

      <p>“Well, I’ll need to show Miharu an example and check how much you remember, so why don’t you dance with me for a bit to jolt your memory? Since you’re wearing your outfit and all. Now, take your stance, won’t you?” Celia suggested, raising her right hand to urge him to take it. At that, Miharu and everyone else naturally gathered their attention on the two of them with great interest.</p>

      <p>“I understand. Then, if you’d excuse me.” Rio grasped Celia’s right hand with his left and pressed his body up to hers. His right hand gently supported her back.</p>

      <p>“...Y-Yep, looks like you have a proper form.” It was something she should have known, but to dance as a pair, they had to press their bodies close to each other. Celia looked up at Rio’s face from close-up and blushed.</p>

      <p>“Thanks. It feels strange having you as a dance partner, Professor.” Rio smiled faintly.</p>

      <p><em>Uuh... I was so excited about getting to show a professor-like side of myself, but now everyone’s watching and I feel so embarrassed...</em> Celia thought rather belatedly.</p>

      <p>“Could you take the lead? Make sure you’re watching closely, Miharu.”</p>

      <p>“Okay.”</p>

      <p>Rio immediately took a step and began leading Celia. His steps were fluid, and Celia followed his lead easily, naturally moving her feet and body.</p>

      <p>“Wah...” Latifa and the others gulped as they watched them dance together.</p>

      <p>Rio stopped dancing after a few seconds. “I only remember the basic movements, but how was I?” he asked Celia.</p>

      <p>“...More than good enough, I’d say. It was very easy to dance with you.” The parties held by nobility didn’t particularly treat dancing as a competition; it wasn’t as though long-term pairs were formed for it. Of course, it was better to be good at dancing than not, but the dancing itself was just a form of social interaction that changed depending on your partner at the time, so while it wasn’t especially important, not being able to do the basics was seen as shameful.</p>

      <p>In that regard, Rio’s dance was a passing mark. It was clear that he was carefully attempting to recreate each and every movement, giving a sense of stability. As long as he could remember the steps, there shouldn’t be any problems.</p>

      <p>“No, my steps aren’t quite there yet, so I’d appreciate your instruction in that regard,” Rio asked of Celia.</p>

      <p>“Okay. Then first, let’s have Miharu try to dance a little.” Once Celia had a grasp of Rio’s level, she invited Miharu over next.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Me? Right now?! I can’t!” Miharu said, panicking.</p>

      <p>“That’s not true. If you can remember the basic steps, you’ll be able to dance to a minimum degree, and if Rio leads you, your feet should move naturally. Let’s start with forming a hold. You’re wearing your gown and all.” Celia giggled, grabbing Miharu’s hand and pulling her to stand before Rio.</p>

      <p>“Oh...” Miharu hung her head in embarrassment. Celia had been so beautiful when she was dancing... just imagining herself being pressed that close to Rio’s body had Miharu’s heart pounding excessively.</p>

      <p>“...May I have your right hand?” Rio raised his left hand rather hesitantly.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes. Uh...” Miharu nervously raised her right hand, which Rio grabbed tightly. The sensation of Rio’s hand directly against hers, followed by the close contact of their bodies as they formed a hold, left Miharu’s heart pounding violently.</p>

      <p>“Place your left hand on my right shoulder as a support. Right, like that. If you try to maintain your stance with only your arm strength, you’ll lose your form easily, so focus on using your stomach and back muscles in your upper body. That’s good. This is the basic stance when dancing,” Rio explained as he moved his own arms and legs, adjusting Miharu’s positioning.</p>

      <p>“I see...” Miharu replied in a stiff voice, trying to stifle the thumping in her chest.</p>

      <p><em>W-We’re pressed so close. The same thought crossed my mind when they were dancing earlier, but...</em> Having actually formed a hold, the contact of their bodies was a lot more than she had expected.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. You look really good together in your formal outfits. I want to wear a dress and dance with Onii-chan, too.” Latifa was watching them with slight jealousy.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Even the minute details of Miharu’s dress design is elaborate, so it might be complicated to create, but I might be able to manage something?” Orphia analyzed the dress ambitiously, wondering if she could make one herself.</p>

      <p>“Really?!” Latifa’s eyes sparkled.</p>

      <p>“Yup. Everyone looks like they want to dance with Rio while wearing a dress, after all. I’ll do my best.” Orphia giggled as she motivated herself, looking over at Sara and Alma’s faces.</p>

      <p>“W-What are you saying?!” Sara had been staring fixedly at Rio and Miharu, but when Latifa and Orphia’s conversation reached her ears, she was taken aback.</p>

      <p>“Well, as long as we don’t disrupt Rio and Miharu’s lessons, we should be able to sit in and learn ourselves,” Alma expressed casually.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>