<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p>The lightning arrow pierced through one of the attackers in the back. “Guah?!” He was sent flying, a tremendous electric current running through his body, instantly rendering him incapable of fighting.</p>

      <p>Rui proceeded to fire one more arrow and pierced through another assailant. But, at that point, the attackers had already drawn near Rio, and the battle on the staircase was getting messy. Determining that the shot would be reckless, he lowered his bow.</p>

      <p>“...I leave the rest to you!” Rui yelled, retreating back.</p>

      <p>“Understood,” Rio replied, then charged down the stairs. He used the downwards momentum to close in on the attacker in the lead.</p>

      <p>“Hah, ah... Guh?!” The attacker reacted to Rio’s movements and thrust out his dagger. However, Rio skillfully avoided the knife-wielding hand and flung the dagger into the distance. Then, he landed his bare fist into the solar plexus of the enemy, knocking him unconscious.</p>

      <p><em>That’s one.</em> Rio looked around at the attackers warily. Then, for one brief instant, the attackers movements faltered. Rio aimed for that moment and closed in on them from a diagonal approach.</p>

      <p>“Ah?!” One of the attackers sensed Rio’s advance and reflexively swung his dagger at his torso. However, Rio had read the path of trajectory and swiftly grabbed his hand, restraining it with a powerful knee to the stomach. The attacker’s yell sounded more like a gasp for air.</p>

      <p><em>Two down.</em> Rio closed in on an attacker that had been trying to run past him while he was occupied. He sent a sharp blow of his palm into their side.</p>

      <p>“Gah?” The attacker’s body folded like a leaf, sending him crashing to the floor before another assailant trying to run up.</p>

      <p><em>Three.</em></p>

      <p>“Tch!” On the spur of the moment, the assailant leaped over the body of his ally. But in that time, Rio had already jumped with a running start, wrapped around ahead of the attacker, and aimed a kick at his face as he was about to land, pushing him back down the stairs. “...” The attacker’s mask crumbled as he rolled down the stairs, landing in complete silence.</p>

      <p><em>And four. Two more to go,</em> he counted calmly as he landed on the staircase.</p>

      <p>“Ugh...” There were two attackers left. Having four of their comrades finished off in ten seconds made them come to a pause. They could sense that it would be impossible to force their way.</p>

      <p>“Whoa...” Satsuki, who was watching Rio fight from the top of the stairs, found herself captivated by his tremendous fighting capability. The same went for Miharu, Flora, and Christina.</p>

      <p>“The other knights have their hands full fighting one on one, and yet...” Charlotte watched Rio’s fight take place below with wide eyes.</p>

      <p>“Archer!” The two assailants Rio was facing moved. One of them yelled loudly, charging towards Rio in a self-sacrificial move.</p>

      <p><em>...Archer?</em> Instantly, Rio felt suspicious. Neither of them had a bow equipped.</p>

      <p><em>Was it a bluff? A hidden weapon? No... Did they mean Rui?</em> Rio listed off a variety of possibilities as he braced himself, observing the attackers every move as they positioned themselves in a line.</p>

      <p>“Ngh!” The assailant in the front charged with desperation, thrusting his dagger-wielding right hand forward. He wasn’t focusing on aiming anywhere — it was simply a thrust focusing on speed. Rio calmly parried the assailant’s hand holding the dagger. Or so he thought, when —</p>

      <p>“Haaah!” Stab, stab, stab. The attacker attempted a rush attack of thrusts, in what was truly a desperate attack. However, Rio could see through all of it, accurately handling each attack.</p>

      <p><em>The one at the back isn’t moving... If so, I’ll take care of this one first,</em> Rio determined in an instant and shifted his body slightly to the side. The sharp thrust of the attacker sliced through the air a hair’s breadth away from Rio’s torso.</p>

      <p>Rio proceeded to go around the attacker’s flank and used his left hand to snatch the dagger away. After cleanly toppling his opponent by kicking his feet out from under him, the attacker floated in the air for a moment. Then, Rio landed a sharp backhanded chop to the attacker’s abdomen.</p>

      <p>“Gah...!” The assailant’s body hit the ground with great force, knocking him out with a groan.</p>

      <p>“<em>Photon Projectilis!</em>” The other assailant waiting behind the first one read Rio’s movements and aimed his finger before chanting a spell.</p>

      <p><em>Archer... so they meant a long-ranged attack.</em> Rio held the dagger he stole from the attacker at the ready. In the next moment, several bullets of magic light came firing towards Rio.</p>

      <p>“Hah!” Rio locked on all the flying bullets within his sight and poured magic essence into the dagger in his hand. He raised its strength with spirit arts, then swung it faster than the eye could see, mowing down the assailant’s bullets one after another, scattering them.</p>

      <p>“Wha...?!” Both the attacker who fired the photon bullets and those who witnessed the scene were all rendered speechless. In the meantime, Rio simply adjusted his grip on the dagger to a backhanded one and charged at the frozen attacker.</p>

      <p>“Guh...” Using the pommel of the dagger, he struck the attacker in the solar plexus. The attacker clutched his stomach as he collapsed.</p>

      <p>As a result, the only one remaining conscious on the stairs was Rio.</p>

      <p><em>Reinforcements came running downstairs, and they’ve captured all the attackers. As for above...</em> Rio looked below and confirmed the six attackers at the foot of the stairs were being apprehended. Next, he moved to go upstairs.</p>

      <p><em>Reinforcements came through the door. The fight upstairs is over,</em> Aishia’s voice echoed in Rio’s head. Once he confirmed the battle was completely over, Rio decided to abide by the rules of the banquet and discarded the dagger in his hand, effectively laying down his arms. It fell to the floor with a clatter.</p>

      <p>“Oooh!” The royalty and nobility in the hall who had been watching Rio cheered. Those cheers soon reached every end of the hall.</p>

      <p><em>Goodness me, what a sight to behold, as always. I didn’t expect this many troops to stand any real chance, but he really took the spotlight.</em> Reiss watched Rio with admiration from the crowd of guests taking refuge at the back of the first floor space.</p>

      <p>“...Hey, Reiss.” Sylvie said.</p>

      <p>“Oh? My name is Jean Bernard, Princess Sylvie.” Reiss shrugged his shoulders, grinning.</p>

      <p>“The attack just now... don’t tell me...” Sylvie glared at Reiss with suspicion.</p>

      <p>“Tell you what?” Reiss cocked his head nonchalantly.</p>

      <p>“...I have something to discuss with you later. Don’t try and pull anything strange, got it?” Sylvie seemed to be aware of the people around her, as she threatened Reiss in a low voice.</p>

      <p>“I’m not sure what you’ve misunderstood here, but are you suspecting me of doing something?” Reiss responded aloofly.</p>

      <p>“Silence. If you did what I suspect you of doing, you may drag our kingdom down into an international dispute. You’re telling me everything later,” Sylvie pressed in a demanding tone.</p>

      <p>“Well, I suppose I have borrowed your little sister as a sign of our friendship, after all. I could entertain you in some discussion as a return for that,” Reiss chuckled with a smirk.</p>

      <p>“Ngh...”</p>

      <p>“Oh my, how scary.” When the glare in Sylvie’s eyes intensified, Reiss gave a casual shrug.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Francois was rushing the knights into transporting the unconscious assailants. He didn’t want them to be within view of the guests for too long. “Hurry it up. Find out who they are no matter what. Start the investigation inside the building too.”</p>

      <p>The knights promptly dashed about the hall, carrying the apprehended and unconscious attackers outside.</p>

      <p>After Francois had given out orders, he turned to Rio and Rui to thank them. “Haruto, you have done a great deed. Your ability to repel the attackers coming up from the stairs was truly splendid. Sir Rui, thank you for driving back the enemy too.”</p>

      <p>“I simply fired two arrows. No matter what you think of it, Haruto contributed the most. In fact, I’m sure he would have managed perfectly fine without me,” Rui said, passing the achievement onto Rio.</p>

      <p>“The guests will be on standby within the hall until we can confirm the area is secured. But I’d like to officially announce your meritorious deeds to raise morale. Will you cooperate with this?” Francois asked, cleverly wanting to put their military exploits to good use.</p>

      <p>“Gladly.”</p>

      <p>“Of course.” Rui and Rio agreed readily. Rio’s efforts by the staircase had been witnessed by all the nobles in the hall, and many of them also had seen Rui use his divine arms for a brief moment, too. It was the perfect morale booster.</p>

      <p>As a result — on top of the fact that no one other than the assailants had been killed in the attack — Rio and Rui received an abundance of praise from the guests.</p>

      <p><em>Exactly as planned. Now, to remove the evidence.</em> Reiss looked up at Rio and Rui on the upper floor and casually reached into his breast pocket, crushing the small gems there. At the same time, the assailants that had been carried outside all began to writhe in pain, their bodies convulsing as they died. However, at that point, no one inside the venue was aware.</p>

      <p>Afterward, the safety of the area around the venue was confirmed and the curtains closed on the second night of the banquet, with no official notice of the assailants’ deaths.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>