<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Uh...” Flora flinched.</p>

      <p>“Oh, what a harsh world it is.” Charlotte expressed her exaggerated disappointment with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“Oh? So you won’t even exchange words with me, the hero?” Hiroaki joined the conversation with a bold grin.</p>

      <p>“No, the great hero was summoned through the sacred stone belonging to the Beltrum main government, so we are prepared to welcome you at any moment. I apologize for the delayed introduction — I am the Beltrum Kingdom’s First Princess, Christina. It’s an honor to meet you,” Christina said fluently, pinching the hem of her dress to greet Hiroaki gracefully.</p>

      <p>Hiroaki was captivated by Christina’s elegant appearance and mannerisms for a moment, before suddenly calming down. “...Ah, well. With how similar you look to Flora, there’s no denying you’re sisters. You have a pretty face too. Though the aura you exude is fairly different.”</p>

      <p>“It’s an honor to receive the great hero’s compliment. I hope we have a cordial time tonight. The heroes from my kingdom are eagerly awaiting a chance to meet you as well.” Christina pasted a smile on her face as she spoke to Hiroaki.</p>

      <p>“Well, I suppose I could listen to what they want to say. But nothing more than that,” said Hiroaki.</p>

      <p>“Please do. Incidentally, I would love to greet the hero of the Galarc Kingdom as well. Might that be you?” Christina nodded with a smile before turning her gaze to Satsuki next.</p>

      <p>“Yes. It’s nice to meet you, Princess Christina. I’m Satsuki Sumeragi, the hero summoned to the Galarc Kingdom. Pleased to make your acquaintance,” Satsuki said in a ladylike manner.</p>

      <p>“I am most obliged by your polite greeting. My name is Christina, the First Princess of the Beltrum Kingdom.” Christina returned the greeting with a royal air about her.</p>

      <p>“Now, allow me to introduce Lady Satsuki and my partner for tonight, Sir Haruto. Sir Haruto, please come this way.” Charlotte turned around and called out to Rio, who was watching quietly from a short distance away.</p>

      <p>“He is the partner for the two of you tonight? It’s our first time meeting... right?” Christina stared closely at Rio’s face and cocked her head in wonder. At the same time, Flora stiffened and watched them with bated breath.</p>

      <p>“Of course it’s your first time meeting. Sir Haruto isn’t a noble, but rather a great hero who stepped into the spotlight recently.” Charlotte smiled cheerily.</p>

      <p>“A great hero, you say?” Christina continued to stare closely at Rio. The title of “great hero” was fairly exaggerated, so it was understandable for her to be curious. Rui was also watching Rio with deep interest, his attention focused solely on him.</p>

      <p>“Yes. If you could introduce yourself directly, Sir Haruto.” Charlotte oozed confidence as she nodded.</p>

      <p>“It’s nice to meet you, Your Highness. As stated, I am Haruto. While it is not appropriate for me to receive the title of ‘great hero’ in the presence of true heroes, I am most honored to be in your audience,” Rio said to Christina reverently, showing humility.</p>

      <p>“...It’s nice to meet you too. His mannerisms are reminiscent of a high-ranking veteran knight... May I ask what feat he accomplished?” Christina’s eyes widened faintly as she asked Charlotte.</p>

      <p>“Why, it’s beyond what words can describe... To summarize, he saved Lady Satsuki’s close friend, Lady Miharu, repelled a demi-dragon and tsunami of monsters, saved Liselotte Cretia, who is a noblewoman from our kingdom, and finally, he rescued your little sister, Princess Flora, when she was abducted!” Charlotte stared back at Christina and smiled as though she saw through her thoughts.</p>

      <p>“...When she was abducted?” Christina asked, focusing on that part alone.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Are you worried for your sister after all? It seems like the events that happened at Amande have yet to reach you,” Charlotte said with mischievous delight.</p>

      <p>“...No,” Christina erased her expression and shook her head. The first thing that came to her mind when she heard Flora was abducted was the kidnapping incident from when Christina was seven.</p>

      <p>However, the one who saved Flora back then was an orphan boy the same age as Christina. He had been admitted into the Royal Academy as a reward and demonstrated truly excellent abilities there, but his origins as an orphan and black hair from his immigrant background meant he was isolated from his classmates. Ultimately, he was slighted at the kingdom’s convenience and disappeared afterward. There was no knowing where he was now...</p>

      <p><em>...It couldn’t be, right? His name and hair color are both different. The incident Princess Charlotte is referring to isn’t the same one, anyway.</em> Christina stared at Haruto’s androgynous face. For a moment, Rio surfaced at the back of her mind, but she soon banished that thought.</p>

      <p>“Oh, it looks like Takahisa and the others are here.” Satsuki looked towards the back of the corridor and noticed Takahisa, Lilianna, and Miharu approaching them. Behind them were three female knights.</p>

      <p>“Tch, the other hero’s another hunk, huh? And he only has women in tow...” Hiroaki muttered in disgust. As he was doing so, Takahisa and the others spotted Satsuki and came right up to her.</p>

      <p>“Sorry for the wait, everyone,” Takahisa said in a refreshing tone.</p>

      <p>“The Centostella Kingdom’s hero is here too? This means all the heroes who were invited to the banquet are attending.” Charlotte looked around at the heroes gathered and giggled.</p>

      <p>The Galarc Kingdom’s hero, Sumeragi Satsuki. The Centostella Kingdom’s hero, Sendo Takahisa. The Beltrum Kingdom’s hero, Shigekura Rui. The Restoration’s hero, Sakata Hiroaki. These four heroes were assembled, together, for the first time.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>