<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 18</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: Holy Democratic Republic of Erica</h1>

      <p>Roughly one week ago...</p>

      <p>Northwest of the Galarc Kingdom in the band of minor nations, at its very northernmost end, stood the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica. In a room of the mansion that was being used as the official residence of the head of state was Liselotte.</p>

      <p><em>I’m beat... Truly.</em></p>

      <p>After being abducted, she had been sent to the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica ahead of the others, as Rio predicted. She had been confined to this room for a week now.</p>

      <p>Over this past week, she had considered all the ways she could escape from here. But there was no window in the room, the door was locked, there were guards outside, and her magic was sealed with cuffs.</p>

      <p>Escape was far too difficult. Even if she managed to slip out of the room, she’d be caught by one of the guards in the mansion or soldiers in the city before making it out. And even if she managed to make it out of the city, she wouldn’t be able to survive with no magic.</p>

      <p>Without her magic, Liselotte was just a powerless fifteen-year-old girl. She’d learned self-defense before, but would easily be defeated if attacked by a group.</p>

      <p>This was something she understood the day she was brought to this room, and no matter how much she thought about it, her conclusion didn’t change. But that didn’t mean she was giving up.</p>

      <p>For one week, she had probed for a chance to escape. But the only contact she had during the week was when someone brought her meals. The person assigned to the task always left without saying anything, so she wasn’t able to gain any information at all, much less probe for an escape route.</p>

      <p>The saint had knocked her unconscious back in Amande, and she was already on a griffin headed for the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica by the time she came to, so she hadn’t spoken to anyone since meeting the saint.</p>

      <p>The servants transporting her hadn’t received any information from the saint, and she was blindfolded and gagged for the whole trip, so she wasn’t able to gain information or make any protest.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve really been cornered now... I know that kidnapping someone and isolating them for a week is a tactic to make them feel uneasy, but...</em></p>

      <p>Understanding it and actually having it being done to her were two different things entirely. It gave her all the time in the world to think, and to realize she had absolutely no hope. It was the worst situation possible. But Liselotte wasn’t the type to give up easily.</p>

      <p><em>If I’m unable to use magic, escape is impossible. In which case, I’ll have to remain confined. But I must return to the Galarc Kingdom. That’s why I have to think of how I can return to Galarc in the current situation...</em></p>

      <p>If she had all the time in the world to think, she’d just keep thinking about the same thing over and over again. Perhaps she might get a new idea. If there was a way for her to break out of confinement and return to Galarc...</p>

      <p><em>It isn’t realistic right now, but if I can get these magic-sealing cuffs removed, I can steal a griffin and escape. If their motive for kidnapping me is related to the Ricca Guild, I could try using that as a negotiation point. That, or I wait to be rescued.</em></p>

      <p>She could either make a move herself, or wait for someone else to move first.</p>

      <p><em>The best scenario would be to be saved by someone else, but that’s just a convenient dream...</em></p>

      <p>Her abduction was caused by her carelessness. There were probably people like her father, Duke Cretia, who would cry for her rescue, but there would also be people who would oppose it, saying it was her own doing—especially since it would mean opposing the nation formed by a hero. Not even King Francois could ignore the voices of the nobles. It was very likely he would be forced into sacrificing Liselotte for the sake of avoiding war.</p>

      <p>The only chance of a rescue team being formed smoothly was if influential people like Duke Cretia asked Francois for her retrieval, and the mission was deemed to have a high chance of success.</p>

      <p>However, if her father made such a request, the kingdom would be criticized for acting on personal reasons. She couldn’t rely on her father this time.</p>

      <p>There was also the chance people would move secretly in order to save her. However, if they infiltrated the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica in this situation, they would immediately be suspected of moving at the order of the Galarc Kingdom. Acting of their own accord would be seen as a betrayal of the kingdom.</p>

      <p><em>And there’s no one who would risk going that far for me...</em></p>

      <p>There was one person who flashed through her mind, but such a convenient dream was impossible. It would be more realistic for her attendants to make a move.</p>

      <p>However, Liselotte’s attendants were smart enough to understand that they would be putting their master in a bad position if they moved without permission. Without King Francois’s approval, they knew they could only watch on silently.</p>

      <p><em>I hope no one feels responsible for this... Especially Aria.</em></p>

      <p>Liselotte recalled the battle between Aria and the saint. Erica used a dust cloud to obstruct their vision and pretended to go after Liselotte while waiting for the moment Aria left the dust. Liselotte predicted her ambush and tried to warn Aria by calling out, but in doing so she alerted the saint to her position.</p>

      <p>As a result, Aria reacted to the saint’s ambush by stepping back, and barely managed to avoid the attack. She had an enchantment to enhance her body, so the wound shouldn’t have been fatal. She may have even been unharmed. However...</p>

      <p><em>If I hadn’t called out to Aria...</em></p>

      <p>Aria could have handled it without her help. That was the doubt chewing away at her mind. What if it were true?</p>

      <p><em>It really is my fault...</em></p>

      <p>Liselotte’s beautiful face twisted with regret. When she imagined her subordinates being blamed for what happened, she was filled with apologetic emotions.</p>

      <p>She wanted to tell them not to worry about it. They couldn’t cause the Galarc Kingdom any further trouble than this. That’s why...</p>

      <p><em>I must return to Galarc no matter what.</em></p>

      <p>Liselotte discarded her faint hopes of someone rescuing her and strengthened her determination on getting home herself.</p>

      <p>Just because the situation was hopeless didn’t mean she could be weak. She had no time for being weak. Until now, she had carved her own path for herself numerous times. This time she would do the same.</p>

      <p><em>The first step is to have a discussion. I have to sound out their intentions and attempt negotiating with them. They won’t isolate me forever, and it’s about time someone made contact.</em></p>

      <p>If no one made contact with her, there would be no discussion to have. If they were waiting for her mind to weaken before negotiating, she would just have to turn the tables on them.</p>

      <p>In a situation where she had no contact for a whole week, a visit would be her first chance to have a discussion. She wasn’t foolish enough to abandon that chance.</p>

      <p>After an imprisonment like this, if she wanted to show that her will was still strong, she should take on a rebellious attitude. Conversely, if she wanted to lure the other side into lowering their guard, she should act obediently.</p>

      <p>However, both options had their demerits. Being too rebellious could make the other side unwilling to compromise, and acting too obedient may make them wary. If she wanted to avoid both those scenarios, she had to refrain from suddenly taking a dramatic stance and act neutrally.</p>

      <p>For the situation this time, it may be best to seem somewhat fatigued. That was what Liselotte was thinking, but if there was one problem with the plan...</p>

      <p><em>I just hope it isn’t that saint that makes first contact.</em></p>

      <p>It would be Saint Erica forbidding anyone else from making contact with her.</p>

      <p><em>Honestly, I can’t get a read on that person. Whether she’s Saint Erica, or Sakuraba Erika...</em></p>

      <p>Based on her experience in Amande, she would be the worst negotiation partner to have. In fact, her entire impression of her was the worst.</p>

      <p>Saint Erica always spoke as though the conclusion was settled, so there was no way of seeing her thoughts. Sakuraba Erika also seemed to be disdainful and hiding her true thoughts. Liselotte wasn’t even sure if she really had any intention to negotiate with her back in Amande.</p>

      <p><em>I’m sure she’ll make contact once she returns to the country, but I hope someone else comes before then.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>The next day...</p>

      <p>That morning, after Liselotte finished breakfast, a man and a woman showed up along with the usual person who took away her plates.</p>

      <p>One was one of the people who escorted her to this country, a female swordsman. The other was a man she had never seen before.</p>

      <p>Apparently, the female swordsman was there as the man’s bodyguard.</p>

      <p>“Hello. I am the prime minister of the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica—Andrei.”</p>

      <p>The man, Andrei, placed his right hand over his chest and introduced himself in a high-class manner. However, he seemed to be nervous, as his expression was rather awkward.</p>

      <p><em>He’s rather young for a prime minister. There’s a naivete to him...and it doesn’t seem like an act.</em></p>

      <p>Liselotte analyzed him with that brief introduction, keeping her confusion to herself. A prime minister was an official position that supported the leader of the country, so it was customary for someone well experienced in politics to be appointed.</p>

      <p>However, Andrei looked to be in his twenties. He seemed to be an agreeable youth with no sign of experience. The fact his nerves could be seen through by the noble of another kingdom meant he was far too unreliable for such a position.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>