<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 18</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>How about that?!</em></p>

      <p>He turned his attention to the divine beast to watch the result, landing on the ground nearby. At the same time, he kept his guard up against Saint Erica behind the beast.</p>

      <p>Immediately after, the beast lost strength in all of its legs and collapsed. One beat later, the three tails floating in the air dropped to the ground. They landed with a tremendously heavy impact.</p>

      <p><em>Did I defeat it...?</em></p>

      <p>Rio verified that the magic essence the divine beast spread around the surroundings had vanished all at once.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>The recoil from pushing himself to fly around everywhere threw Rio off-balance, messing up his attempt to attack the saint while landing.</p>

      <p>However, he soon felt a presence closing in from his side and readjusted his sword. The one approaching him was Erica, the saint.</p>

      <p>“Guh...” Rio grimaced faintly as he caught Erica’s staff with his sword.</p>

      <p>“Bravo... You’ve caught my interest. I came over because I wanted to talk,” Erica said, watching Rio with an evaluating look. Her expression was dead serious.</p>

      <p>“These weren’t the actions of someone who wants to talk...” Rio muttered bitterly.</p>

      <p>“No, I truly do wish to talk. Honestly speaking, that beast was very special to me.”</p>

      <p>“I’d sure hope so. There better not be any more of those things.”</p>

      <p>“I could return those words right back at you. If there are more monsters like you out there, my plans will be ruined. That’s what I wanted to check.”</p>

      <p>“Your plans...?”</p>

      <p>“Would you like to know? If so, how about an exchange of information?”</p>

      <p>“What are you asking for in exchange?”</p>

      <p>“There’s only one thing I wish to know. I wondered if you were a hero, but—well, that doesn’t matter anymore. Are there more people like you in the major nations? People who can fight with that beast by themselves.”</p>

      <p>“...I have no intention of answering you without hearing what you have to offer in exchange.”</p>

      <p>“You can ask anything you want, be it about my plans, or that beast. But I’ll only exchange one piece of information. I’ll answer concrete questions with concrete answers, but an abstract question may get an abstract answer. So please watch how you word your question.”</p>

      <p>“How can I be sure you’re telling the truth?”</p>

      <p>“You can’t. But I can promise I will not lie. And I’d like you to make the same promise. I need to know the truth, after all.” Erica had a very serious expression.</p>

      <p>“...Fine. I’ll do it.” Rio had many things he wanted to ask as well. Narrowing them down to one question was rather difficult, but if he had to choose...</p>

      <p>“Since I was the one who proposed the exchange, I’ll allow you to ask first as a show of goodwill. Please, go ahead.”</p>

      <p>“Then... Who is it that you want revenge on?”</p>

      <p>“Heh... Hehe. Hehehe. What a wonderful question. Fine, I shall tell you the answer just this once,” Erica said as preface. “I don’t have a specific target. It’s the entire world. This world was created by foolish humans. If it weren’t for this world, he wouldn’t have died. That’s why I will have revenge on the whole thing. I wish to see this world destroyed—that is my goal.” She’d begun her speech expressionless, but her face gradually filled with hatred as she spoke.</p>

      <p>“Revenge on the world?”</p>

      <p>“I won’t answer anything else. Please answer my question next. Are there more people like you with the strength to fight that beast lying there solo?” Erica asked, staring at Rio.</p>

      <p>“Saint Erica!”</p>

      <p>Just then, the ten soldiers following Erica appeared from within the city. Natalia, who was running in the lead, spotted Rio and Erica pointing their weapons at each other. They immediately moved to provide backup by surrounding Rio.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, everyone’s finally caught up. Well done. Good timing.” Erica spoke happily, praising them for their reliability.</p>

      <p>“The situation has changed. I assume the information exchange ends here?”</p>

      <p>“Of course not. You still haven’t answered my question. I’ll lose my trust in human nature if you don’t hold up your half of the deal.”</p>

      <p>In other words, the answer to how many people there were like Rio in the bigger nations, that could fight a divine beast alone. Erica stared at him for a reply.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know everything about every kingdom out there, but I’ve fought with the ‘strongest swordsman’ of a neighboring kingdom before. I believe he would have struggled against the beast.” Without dropping his guard against the soldiers surrounding him, Rio faced Erica with his greatest caution. He gave an answer of similar depth to hers.</p>

      <p>“I see. That’s a relief to hear. We can end the information exchange here, then. It seems like you’re the only one left behind—I’m sure your friends have taken Liselotte away by now. That’s a bit of a problem...” Erica let out a troubled sigh.</p>

      <p>“I could say the same. You’ve declared war on Galarc while possessing such a power. I can’t let you walk free.”</p>

      <p>“So you’re saying you want to kill me.”</p>

      <p>“I’d prefer not to, but if you leave me with no other choice...”</p>

      <p>It’d be his last resort. If not, Rio and those important to him would be killed instead.</p>

      <p>He knew nothing about the beast, so he couldn’t write off the possibility of the saint creating another one. He absolutely had to prevent the saint from invading Galarc with that beast in tow.</p>

      <p>“Hehehe. It seems you think rather highly of me. However, I think the same of you. Now that you’ve learned of my secret, I can’t allow you to return with that information. It’d be troublesome if it caused those major nations to have a sense of wariness. But I support there’s no stopping the leak of information with Liselotte gone. I would have liked to kill you at the very least, but that won’t be an easy task without the divine beast...”</p>

      <p>Erica sighed as though she was truly troubled, then looked around at the soldiers surrounding Rio.</p>

      <p>“Well, I’m sure it’ll work out,” she said, beaming brightly.</p>

      <p>“What...?” Rio looked at her in suspicion.</p>

      <p>“Rah!” One of the tails of the divine beast that was still within his field of view suddenly gained a glint in its eye. It then spewed a beam of pure destructive energy at Rio, the saint, and the soldiers.</p>

      <p>“Huh?!”</p>

      <p>In order to prioritize activation speed, the beam was both weaker and more limited in attack range—and that was why it was able to hit everyone present.</p>

      <p>“Grah...!”</p>

      <p>Rio had put up a wall of wind the moment he detected the rise in magic essence, but he still took the destructive energy bodily. He was unable to block all the damage.</p>

      <p>On top of that, his body was blown through the air, making him fall several meters away and roll across the ground.</p>

      <p><em>It wasn’t dead...? No—more importantly, did the saint attack herself with her allies around? That couldn’t be... Is she not in control of that beast?</em></p>

      <p>Questions raced through his head as he struggled to maintain his consciousness. But there was no time to think things through leisurely.</p>

      <p>“G-Guh...” Rio got to his feet in pain, looking over at where he was just standing to see what had happened. The ground was gouged open and dirt had blown everywhere. Rio had been injured with his physically enhanced body behind a barrier of wind. He couldn’t imagine the soldiers there being unharmed.</p>

      <p>“Hehehe.”</p>

      <p>Just then, with her bishop’s staff in hand, Erica charged at Rio. He used the sword in his right hand to block it by reflex, but—</p>

      <p>“Ngh...”</p>

      <p>The blow contained tremendous power. Under normal circumstances he could have handled it, but the damage he had received weakened his essence control, making him lose the push.</p>

      <p><em>She should have been hurt too... How can she move this well?!</em></p>

      <p>Erica had been hit by the earlier attack as well, and her appearance was rather ragged. However, she put enough strength into her staff to send Rio flying back. Rio barely managed to leap in the opposite direction and stifle the momentum of his landing, but—</p>

      <p><em>Shit... My internal organs were hit...</em></p>

      <p>With a cough, blood spilled out of Rio’s mouth. He leaped back as he placed his left hand over where it hurt the most.</p>

      <p>“Tch...”</p>

      <p>Pain laced through him as he landed, making him pale further.</p>

      <p>“I thought I could defeat you with that, but you survived. What a terrifying person.”</p>

      <p>Erica closed the distance to where Rio flew. She evidently intended to finish him off while he was weakened.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>