<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 18</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Quiet please, everyone.”</p>

      <p>Erica clapped her hands together twice. Since it was her order, the congress members had no choice but to fall silent.</p>

      <p>“This is a place of discussion. We should give Liselotte a proper chance to make her rebuttal. That being said, I doubt there’s anything we can do to fill the trench between us... Is there anything else you’d like to say, Liselotte?”</p>

      <p>“I believe I’ve said everything I wanted to say. How you judge me for it is up to you,” she answered undauntedly.</p>

      <p>“I see... Then that concludes today’s provisional congress meeting, I believe. You may all leave.” Erica prompted the congress members to exit. They glared at Liselotte with clenched fists for a few seconds, but then started walking out the door one by one.</p>

      <p>“Andrei, Natalia. After everyone else has exited, please show Liselotte back to her room,” Erica ordered the two standing behind her.</p>

      <p>“Okay...”</p>

      <p>Andrei nodded, about to say something to Liselotte before biting his lips shut. Then, Erica approached Liselotte.</p>

      <p>“That was a wonderful speech, Rikka. If you were one of my students, I’d give you full marks. Don’t worry. When the right time comes, I’ll return you safely to your kingdom,” she whispered into Liselotte’s ear, not as Saint Erica but as Sakuraba Erika. Perhaps it was because she showed her face as Sakuraba Erika, but Liselotte made the decision to ask about her deceased fiancé.</p>

      <p>“Please let me ask one more question. I heard that you started down this path as a way of succeeding your late fiancé’s way of living. Are you truly continuing his legacy right now? Would he really agree that your actions are for the sake of the people?”</p>

      <p>“What a silly question. How can I know, when I’ll never hear his voice again? I can only confirm that I started down this path after accepting his death.”</p>

      <p>Erica had a conflicted look of sadness on her face. But that look only lasted for a brief moment before the saint’s mask went back up and she gave her reply.</p>

      <p>“I...see...” Liselotte hung her head weakly. Meanwhile, the congress members had just finished leaving the room.</p>

      <p>“Now, please show Liselotte back to her room.” Before Liselotte could reply, Erica gave her orders to Andrei and Natalia. Thus, Liselotte was returned to her room.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>