<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 18</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue</h1>

      <p>A few minutes after Aishia carried Rio away, Andrei and the other reinforcements came running out of the city. They discovered a bloodied Erica lying not too far from the gate.</p>

      <p>“A-Aaah! Saint Erica... Saint Erica...!”</p>

      <p>“What... What should we do...?”</p>

      <p>Everyone was devastated by her death. Everyone grieved. But among those voices—</p>

      <p>“There’s no need to worry, everyone.”</p>

      <p>Erica, bloodstained, suddenly stood up.</p>

      <p>“Wha...?!”</p>

      <p>Everyone was speechless; it was a natural reaction to seeing the person they assumed dead suddenly standing up. Her entire chest was soaked red, and there were signs of a sword having been stabbed through her clothes.</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re alive?! B-But how? All this blood...” Andrei was bewildered by the amount of blood on Erica’s clothes.</p>

      <p>“Didn’t you know, Andrei?”</p>

      <p>“K-Know what...?”</p>

      <p>“A saint can’t die just by being stabbed in the heart.”</p>

      <p>“Wha...”</p>

      <p>Even Andrei and the others found that hard to believe.</p>

      <p>“I’m just joking,” Erica giggled, looking around at everyone with a loving smile. “I can’t die yet—I still have a role to fulfill. I’m glad to see you all again, but...”</p>

      <p>Her face suddenly fell with sadness.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry... I was unable to protect Natalia and the others.”</p>

      <p>She hung her head and trembled, as though stricken by her own powerlessness.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What happened?” Andrei asked, pale as a sheet.</p>

      <p>There was no sign of the soldiers that had chased after Erica nearby. Andrei could vaguely guess the reason why, but he waited for Erica’s words.</p>

      <p>Sure enough...</p>

      <p>“He—that swordsman—took Natalia and the others hostage. In order to defeat me, he...he aimed for them... Oh, it was terrible! That boy! That boy was so cruel! A coward! No—it was my fault! I...I wasn’t able to save them in time!” Erica covered her face with her hands and grieved in despair.</p>

      <p>“Natalia and the others are dead... They were killed...” Andrei and the other reinforcements reddened in anger. After a moment of silence...</p>

      <p>“H-How despicable!”</p>

      <p>“Such cruelty!”</p>

      <p>“What a coward!”</p>

      <p>“The Galarc Kingdom is cowardly!”</p>

      <p>“That swordsman killed Natalia!”</p>

      <p>“Curse him!”</p>

      <p>“Hostages?! How dare he!”</p>

      <p>Their fury flew out in a violent explosion. Once their minds were made up, there was no stopping their anger. They couldn’t be stopped by anyone until they turned into a rampaging riot.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Erica watched them with a cold look of contempt.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>