<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword"><div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Volume 5.</p>

      <p>It’s Reaper who’s the main focus of the cover this time around, and it’s pushing the envelope, isn’t it? By the way, Reaper’s design is my favorite. I won’t divulge why, but it’s my favorite. Just looking at it makes my heart feel nice and clean.</p>

      <p>As for the contents of this volume, we finally got to the scene I was anticipating the most. As always, it managed to fit within the page count (if only barely), so I’m really happy about that. However, the fight against the Guardian of Floor 30, which can be said to be our hero’s second redemption arc, awaits us in the next volume.</p>

      <p>The segment of the story that takes place in Laoravia has a lot of points of similarity to the segment of the story that took place in Vart and Whoseyards (volumes 1 to 3). These two parts could be called two sides of the same coin, and the way the heroines and the Guardian are treated, in particular, are perhaps the most striking parallel. How will our now more mature protagonist overcome things? I think that’ll be the highlight of what’s to come. I’m sure that in volume 6, he’ll show us how different he’s become from volume 3 Kanami.</p>

      <p>Talking about the illustrations and highlights in the afterword like this is great and all, but <em>Dungeon Dive</em> does have a serious problem, which is that the story has slowly deviated from the title. As the title suggests, I want to keep playing with the heroines in the Dungeon, but the boss monsters of this story keep gallivanting outside of it, so I couldn’t help but get a volume without any Dungeon diving in it. Allow me to sincerely apologize. I’m truly sorry.</p>

      <p>I get the feeling that in every afterword I write, I’m always apologizing. That’s what I get for wanting to write about not just the Dungeon, but also our protagonist’s character growth and troubles. I just need to remind myself, <em>remember to think before choosing the title of the series.</em> This is what happens when you don’t. I’ll be more careful next time, I swear...</p>

      <p>But this will be my last apology. After all, the next volume is the segment that I, having been writing the web version this whole time, wanted in print form the most. I think it’s a volume I can put forward with my head held high.</p>

      <p>That’s right. I’ll show you, dear readers—volume 6 will contain an apology-free afterword or my name isn’t Tarisa Warinai!</p>

      <p>Lastly, I’d like to thank all the readers who paved the way for these five volumes. I’ve only come this far because of people like you who’ve kept reading. Of course, I’d also like to thank my editors for always being there to help, as well as my illustrator, Ukai-san. Clutching these five volumes tightly in hand, I wish to express my gratitude to everyone who was involved in the making of <em>Dungeon Dive</em>, and I’m itching to work on the next part.</p>

      <p>So long for now!</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>