<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>Brawl Qualifiers</h2>

      <p>The place? A multipurpose arena in northeastern Laoravia. The mostly unremarkable circular stone edifice was neither very big nor very small, and within its walls lay an extensive space for the purposes of duels and training drills and the like. But at the moment, that spacious ground felt pretty cramped. I could say it even felt stifling.</p>

      <p>“So, we’re here for the qualifying rounds for the Brawl, but...”</p>

      <p>“Wow! The air’s so abuzz, it feels nice and comfy somehow!”</p>

      <p>I, Lorwen, Thief of Earth’s Essence, had just taken my companion, Reaper, all the way to the sand-blanketed central space of this arena, but we were surrounded by loads and loads of boorish, filthy characters. They were all wielding heavy-duty weapons and eagerly awaiting the start of the preliminary bouts for the biggest tournament in the Alliance, commonly known as the Brawl. Just participating was a high honor, and the brutes were radiating bloodlust so palpable they might bite each other’s heads off over a ticket to enter the ring.</p>

      <p>Unlike seeded contestants such as Kanami, we were taking part as part of the ordinary bracket of hopefuls, which was why we had to show up at the site of the qualifiers. My disciple, Kanami, was at a real-life nobles’ ball today, so I only had Reaper to accompany me.</p>

      <p>Reaper’s eyes were sparkling, surrounded as she was by such interesting adults.</p>

      <p>“Reaper, that buzzing in the air’s called bloodlust and hostility,” I said helpfully. “Best remember the sensation so you can respond to attacks from your blind spot and afar.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, so this sorta thing’s called bloodlust! Wait, but when I fought you, the air never once got this way, did it?”</p>

      <p>“It’s part of the art of the sword. I actively take care that the air doesn’t get like that. Obviously.”</p>

      <p>“Wow. You’re so skilled, Lorwen.”</p>

      <p>“It ain’t just the sword; it’s a combat fundamental. Unless you learn to attack without palpable bloodlust, you’ll never be able to lay a finger on me, so work on that.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, I’ll do my best. So, I gotta hold in the buzzy, frizzling feeling, huh? Here goes... Nngh!<em> </em>Hrnnn!”</p>

      <p>She moved behind me and tried to touch me with a very silent motion. I smoothly dodged her using my Responsiveness skill. Clearly, she was having fun because she kept trying to touch me on the back over and over again. As a result, we had a ball with a friendly, carefree game of ghost tag in the arena. And as you might expect, the assorted toughs weren’t exactly looking at us with good vibes. After all, every participant here meant business, and a number of them must have been putting their lives on the line.</p>

      <p>“Whoa, seriously? He brought a little kid here?”</p>

      <p>“I ain’t never seen anybody younger than an Eltraliew Academy student here. I’m guessin’ she’s the youngest.”</p>

      <p>“Tch! This ain’t no place for a tyke to be. Gets on my nerves...”</p>

      <p>They weren’t whispering their caustic remarks or hiding their tut-tuts. Somebody nearby spat in our direction.</p>

      <p>“Wha-huh?” said Reaper, standing still and scanning the crowd. “I’m not welcome here?”</p>

      <p>“Nah, you’re not. But don’t worry, they’re all good people. They’re urging you to go home so you don’t get hurt.”</p>

      <p>A thousand years ago, when I was Reaper’s height, not one person had bothered to stop me when I had entered a tournament in a certain nation. Back in that era, it was considered only natural for somebody to stake their life to open a path forward if they were to survive, no matter how small they were. Compared to days past, this tournament was ridiculously warm and soft. The people around us were taking an interest in her and behaving responsibly enough to spout abusive language just because she was small. That alone would serve to drastically lower the death count. What a wonderful culture. What a wonderful custom! This world devoid of dark clouds in the sky was so full of deeply moving sights, and all it took to see them was to live as normal.</p>

      <p>“Huh. So they’re all good people.”</p>

      <p>“That’s right.”</p>

      <p>We two time travelers from a thousand years ago nodded to one another as we basked in the enmity shooting at us from all sides. People were murmuring about whether we were right in the head, but since they weren’t wrong per se, we didn’t answer. We continued to draw more and more eyes in our corner of the arena, and after about an hour of waiting, the presenter rolled up, signaling the preliminaries were on at last.</p>

      <p>The rules were bland and boring. Maybe they had to be when there were this many people. They were making everybody in the space fight in an indiscriminate free-for-all. When I heard that the last three teams to remain standing won, I felt a mite disappointed. I’d gotten my hopes up for something more elaborate than that. But when the presenter explained that there were so many applicants this year that this was all the time they had for, I had to give that to them.</p>

      <p>The moment the explanatory address ended, the fight began. Everyone on the cramped battlefield brandished their weapons, bracing themselves for incoming attacks. Since the name of the game was to remain standing, a lot of teams decided to be on the defensive rather than stand out. Fighters glared at one another for a while before, little by little, teams who were working out strategies stepped into motion.</p>

      <p>“Sitting here staring really ain’t my style. What say we get moving?” one guy asked.</p>

      <p>There were a fair amount of promising teams. Reaper and I were watching them from the edge.</p>

      <p>“Hey, what’re we doin’? We takin’ some down, or we watchin’ and waitin’?” another chimed in.</p>

      <p>“We’ll do both. How ’bout we start with the team with the tyke? The two o’ them at the edge over there.”</p>

      <p>A certain team had us in their sights. It seemed they saw us as easy pickings. While the weak getting taken out first was a matter of course, no matter the time or place, that team was a bit unlucky.</p>

      <p>“Hold up,” I told them. “You’re better off not underestimating Reaper here. Appearances aside, she’s several times stronger than you guys, and several times more ruthless too.”</p>

      <p>If there was no avoiding being targeted, I’d play fair and warn people about the power gap. Predictably, that just made the veins in the foreheads of everybody around us bulge.</p>

      <p>“I thought he was nuts, but not <em>this</em> nuts...”</p>

      <p>“He lookin’ down on us?”</p>

      <p>“You tellin’ me that kiddie’s stronger than us?”</p>

      <p>Exposed to a sizzling bath of invigorating bloodlust, I plopped myself down and provoked them all again.</p>

      <p>“I was planning to fight by myself today, but now that I know just how good-natured our opponents are, I can watch without having to worry. I leave it to you, Reaper.”</p>

      <p>Reaper versus everybody else in the qualifiers. That ought to make for a good match. I felt bad for the rest of the participants, but I was putting this learning opportunity for my buddy before their needs.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Lorwen, you’re saying I’m allowed to fight?” Her face lit up—I’d told her to behave herself.</p>

      <p>“Don’t mind if ya do. Only, make sure ya don’t get injured. Oh yeah, and Kanami said not to injure any opponents either. If a single drop of blood falls, you lose.”</p>

      <p>“Aww, I can’t injure <em>them</em>?”</p>

      <p>“Apparently. Before we left, he said it till he was blue in the face. Now then...I can do it no problem. I wonder if you can too?”</p>

      <p>“O-Of course I can! I totally can too!” She pulled a black sickle from out of nowhere and stepped in front of me. I was still sitting on the ground. “I just need to make them all faint without wounding them, right?! I can do that no problem, same as you!”</p>

      <p>Surely you don’t need telling, but that little assertion only made our opponents’ anger run hotter. Those forehead veins were threatening to burst. Who could blame them? One guy was on his ass and a little kid had just said she’d take it easy on them. Nobody with a measure of confidence in their own prowess would take that lying down. We’d provoked them and then some, and now they were coming swinging at Reaper.</p>

      <p>I watched from behind. The qualifiers were over in a jiffy; in the end, there was only one possible outcome, no matter how hard they tried. Only a single team came out on top. And the Laoravian cityscape was soon full of participating fighters muttering how impossible it had been as they headed home. I felt a tad forlorn as I watched them trudge off. It reminded me a wee bit of my former life, and I was about to frown. But...</p>

      <p>“Yay! We won the preliminaries, Lorwen!”</p>

      <p>Unlike back then, I had Reaper by my side. I wasn’t alone anymore.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, thanks to you.”</p>

      <p>“Right? Bet you’re happy I’m around!”</p>

      <p>Maybe that was all I had ever needed to be satisfied.</p>

      <p>“Oh, definitely. I really am glad you’re with me, Reaper...”</p>

      <p>But that sense of satisfaction vanished and gave rise to lingering attachments at the same time, although I’d only realize it another day.</p>

      <h2>Glenn Walker’s Round 2</h2>

      <p>The Huura, the river between the countries of Eltraliew and Laoravia, was where the Brawl had begun at last. It was already Round 2, but since I was seeded, this was actually my first match. With the sun shining radiantly, it was perfect weather for gladiatorial bloodshed.</p>

      <p>Standing in the center of the arena I was so familiar with, I was catching the cheers of my fans from all over the Alliance. I knew I was essentially a circus animal, but I responded with a polite smile. That was my job. And it was also my obligation.</p>

      <p>A small distance away, the presenter of the Brawl was introducing the fighters.</p>

      <p>“Challenging the strongest man in our Dungeon Alliance stands a team of hunters who’ve made a name for themselves on the mainland: Avalanche Blow! I heard that over there, that band of adventurers’ popularity is on par with Lord Walker’s! Can they manage to poke holes in <em>the strongest</em> using the arrows at their backs?!”</p>

      <p>He’d introduced me—“the strongest”—before them. I wasted no time walking up to my opponents, trading words of greeting with them with a beaming smile on my face.</p>

      <p>“I’m Glenn Walker. It’s a pleasure to meet you,” I said.</p>

      <p>“Please allow us to learn from you, sir. Tales of your valor have reached the mainland.”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, they have, have they?”</p>

      <p>Tales of my nonexistent valor. The fact that they’d reached the other side of the ocean made me smile wryly. My opponents must have taken that as a sign that I saw them as no sweat, because they frowned a little.</p>

      <p>I calmly stared at their faces. Every one of them had big frames, and they were really giving off hunter vibes what with the light-green and earth-colored clothing, the curved swords at their waists, and the bows they were carrying on their backs. It made me wonder.</p>

      <p><em>I get that they said they’re a team of hunters, but can they really afford to be wearing stuff that screams “hunter” that loudly? What if their mark notices that they’re hun—</em></p>

      <p>“You won’t believe this, folks! Among the monsters Avalanche Blow has hunted is a dragon-type! A small one, but a dragon nonetheless! Lord Walker may be a dragon slayer, but he can’t let his guard down against them!”</p>

      <p><em>Oh, so they hunt </em>monsters, <em>not people. Ha ha ha. Did my mind really just jump to the type whose work involves hunting </em>people?<em> Boy, that’s some late-stage brain rot.</em></p>

      <p>“Something wrong, Lord Walker?” Seeing me grinning like that, the subordinates who’d become my comrades in arms called out to me.</p>

      <p>“I’m fine. Remember, I need to put on a performance during the match, so don’t get involved until I say so. I can probably take them by myself.”</p>

      <p>We settled on the program out of earshot of our opponents. I was a scout specializing in little tricks, but the narrative cast me as a hero possessed of overwhelming strength, and I had to put on a front during the match to that effect. It was a whole big thing.</p>

      <p>“Now then, may Match 3 of the west area of the Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball commence!”</p>

      <p>The battle was on. On my side, I was out front by myself. On their side, the leader was alone at the back of their formation. I approached them breezily, like I was taking a stroll. To tell the truth, when I fought people rather than monsters, I felt at ease. If Avalanche Blow were pros at fighting monsters, I was a pro at fighting people. If you asked me, there wasn’t a ghost of a chance I could lose in a match with rules.</p>

      <p>In the face of my breezy stride, the two at the front of the opposing team kept their composure, coolly brandishing their swords and breaking into a run.</p>

      <p>“Time to strike!”</p>

      <p>“Right! Let’s run our strat!”</p>

      <p>That level of grit was to be expected of guys who’d honed their mettle through fighting monsters. This wasn’t enough to leave them feeling shaken. That said, they’d absolutely never reach me. Not when their line of thought was that shallow.</p>

      <p>“What the?! How’d they...”</p>

      <p>“It can’t be!”</p>

      <p>By the moment the two enemies and I had crossed paths, their swords were in my hands. It was a thievery technique I was used to, but one that left <em>them</em> flabbergasted.</p>

      <p>The presenter jumped in. “Wh-What a trouncing, folks! At a tournament of this caliber, stealing the enemy’s weapon isn’t something you witness very often! His skill with the sword is fearsome indeed, but that’s the strongest for you! That’s the hero of the Dungeon Alliance, Glenn Walker, for you!”</p>

      <p><em>It wasn’t my skill with the sword. It was my skill with pilfering...</em></p>

      <p>I got the feeling the favoritism was a little much. Management may have ordered the presenter to hype me up, but I’d have liked him to have toned it down a notch.</p>

      <p>“Chief! We’ll box him in! Don’t hesitate to shoot!”</p>

      <p>That state of affairs must have snapped my opponents back to their senses; the two whose swords I’d swiped came rushing at me again. However, thinking that simplistically would never get them anywhere against me. Coming into the match so sloppily, they could attack me till the cows came home and would still never be able to kill me. If I could have, I’d have taught them a lesson or two by killing them, but I resisted the urge and settled for capturing them instead. I fetched a length of rope from inside the breast of my clothes and tied them up the instant they ran by me. It took me a second, if that. As long as I could predict their movements, I could do the deed in the space of a breath.</p>

      <p>My eyes met the eyes of my last remaining opponents, the leader who was training his bow on me. His bowstring drawn to the limit, and he let his arrow fly at me.</p>

      <p>I didn’t bother stepping aside. With the skills in my arsenal, there was no way a projectile could hit me from that distance. I ignored the arrow and retrieved a dagger from inside the breast of my clothes before hurling it at full power. The dagger and the arrow intersected in the air. The arrow cut a single hair from my head, while my dagger severed his bowstring.</p>

      <p>The leader’s eyes opened wide. He must have been sure he was going to hit the bull’s eye. He probably figured that at a distance, a hunter like him had the advantage. But reality begged to differ.</p>

      <p>“M-Mr. Emcee...we lose.” The man was calm enough to understand he was no match for me. It appeared he wasn’t the type to fight a losing battle. I’d been thinking about how to liven up the match even more, but it ended prematurely.</p>

      <p>“And that’s the match! It ended the way folks were saying it would, but for the battle to be <em>that</em> one-sided! That’s another huge win for our singular hero, Glenn Walker! He advances to Round 3!”</p>

      <p>Cheers suffused the arena, and I gave the crowds the smile they wanted out of a “hero.” In the end, I’d been able to pull a win without having to use much of my techniques. If the enemy had me on the ropes, I’d have to rely on my actual wheelhouse—daggers and poisons—to fight, and that was a fighting style nobody wanted to see in the “strongest,” so I was extremely grateful.</p>

      <p>It was as the so-called strongest hero that I had to face that Kanami boy in the finals. I needed to climb my way up through the tourney as the idealized hero the spectators had in their heads. And I couldn’t let this tournament escape my grasp.</p>

      <p><em>If I’m not fast enough...Ms. Snow won’t last much longer.</em></p>

      <p>If I saved anyone at all, I was going to save Ms. Snow. Such was the mission of the one who inherited the title of “the strongest.”</p>

      <p>As I recalled Mr. Will, the previous holder of that title, I followed in his footsteps by continuing to smile amid the dizzying glory. And I kept that smile, which contained traces of grief and sorrow spilling through, pasted on my face.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Having returned to the waiting room following the match, I turned my smile off right away and went over what to do next with a Walker Clan chamberlain.</p>

      <p>“Another bit of work behind us,” I said. “So, who’s my next opponent?”</p>

      <p>“A swordsman by the name of Lorwen from the general bracket, sir.”</p>

      <p>“Lorwen? Can’t say I’ve heard the name before.”</p>

      <p>“I haven’t either, sir. From what I’ve heard, though, he’s very formidable indeed.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll gather us a little intel, why don’t I? Even if we don’t know who he is, I wanna at least see what weapons he uses from afar.”</p>

      <p>“You can leave a small task like that to us—”</p>

      <p>“Nah, I’ll do it. I’m the best suited to work like this.”</p>

      <p>I wanted to save myself some waiting, and a specialist like me could gather information both safely and speedily without needing prior preparation. Silly as it sounded, that was my mindset when I went to spy on the contestant called Lorwen. But all it took was for my eyes to meet his for me to instantly understand. When I’d seen the tourney matchups, I’d thought my role was to lose to Kanami in the finals, but I’d been wrong. Because in the next match, I’d learn that as a monster—a truly fitting actor for the role of villain—Lorwen Arrace was more worthy than I was to make it to the finals as Kanami’s opponent.</p>

      <p>For the first time in ages, the smile on my face was one of actual delight.</p>

      <h2>I Want a Pet</h2>

      <p>A little while after Lorwen and Reaper settled in as guests of Epic Seeker, we had a chat to remember.</p>

      <p>“Hey, guys! Can I keep a pet here?!”</p>

      <p>A girl entered the guild’s main office that morning. She was the pure-hearted little death specter I’d found in the Dungeon, and her name was Reaper.</p>

      <p>“You can’t,” said Lorwen.</p>

      <p>“Course not,” I agreed.</p>

      <p>“Probably not,” said Snow after a pause.</p>

      <p>“You’re kidding! <em>No one’s</em> with me?!”</p>

      <p>She must have been expecting at least one of us to give her the okay.</p>

      <p>“Reaper,” said Lorwen, “you’re not old enough to keep a pet. That kinda thing comes after you absorb more everyday knowledge than you’ve got now.” He stated the grown-up thing to say like he was her guardian. Actually, as of recently, he <em>was</em> her guardian for all intents and purposes.</p>

      <p>“What Lorwen said. Please drop it, Reaper.”</p>

      <p>Keeping a pet in this office? That was going to be a no for a variety of reasons.</p>

      <p>“But wait, hold on! The pet I picked up’s <em>super</em> cute! This is fate, I know it!”</p>

      <p>“Let the poor thing be,” replied Lorwen.</p>

      <p>“P-Pretty please?! I’m begging you here, let’s keep the pet together!”</p>

      <p>The scene was straight out of any normal household in my world, complete with the lovable little daughter pleading with her father figure. Reaper pulled on the hem of our clothes and stared up with those tear-filled eyes. As you might expect, Lorwen and I wavered. Enduring her continue-staring-at-us strategy, I quickly caved.</p>

      <p>“Rgh, hmm... Maybe we do keep the thing on a trial basis? To teach Reaper about the sanctity of life?”</p>

      <p>Lorwen caved too. “You’re the boss of this room, so if you’re okay with it... If it’s nothing too big, then it might even be good for her emotional development.”</p>

      <p>We were both so susceptible to a little kid’s honest pleading. Naturally, Snow wasn’t having it.</p>

      <p>“Aren’t you two being awfully soft on her?”</p>

      <p>We averted our eyes absurdly fast. Unable to bear Snow’s gaze for long, I hurried to ask Reaper for more information.</p>

      <p>“So, uh, what sort of pet did you pick up?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, just look out the window. It didn’t come inside, so I’m having it wait in the garden.”</p>

      <p>“It didn’t come inside?”</p>

      <p>Puzzled, I approached the window Reaper was pointing to, and what she meant became immediately apparent. Squatting right by a big tree in Epic Seeker’s garden was a beast covered in thick fur.</p>

      <p>“Is that...a dog?”</p>

      <p>From this distance, I couldn’t tell what else it could be. Only, its size was a bit... No, it was actually pretty huge, so that question mark crept in there.</p>

      <p>Snow looked through the window too. “Oh, that’s a monster. A common one in the plains to the left of the Dungeon Alliance. It’s a Bound Dog. Those things’ve carved themselves a high rank in the traveler-cause-of-death rankings.”</p>

      <p>Now that I knew it was a monster liable to leave a body count, I used my menu-sight on it.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MONSTER】Bound Dog: Rank 6</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Uh, Reaper? How exactly did you bring that thing all the way here?!”</p>

      <p>“I used darkness, all sneaky-like! Like this!” Black mist came out of her fingers, and she smiled proudly.</p>

      <p>I had no choice. I had to execute my duties as guildmaster. “All right, I’m gonna go kill that monster real quick. Wait here, Reaper.”</p>

      <p>“No hesitation, huh?! Hold on! Wait! I’ll take proper care of it!”</p>

      <p>“Okay, let’s say you do... You planning to learn about the sanctity of life through the deaths of our guild members?”</p>

      <p>If I left it to its own devices in such a place, unbeknownst to the guild, one or more would meet their demise at its jaws.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay! My pupper won’t attack anybody! I swear! Come with me!” Reaper’s confidence seemed absolute. In order to prove it, she jumped from the window and descended to the garden outside.</p>

      <p>“Wha— Hey! Come back here and stay put!” I said, jumping down from the window myself.</p>

      <p>Lorwen and Snow followed suit. That height was piddly to us, so the window made for a great exit point. When we all landed in the garden, the Bound Dog got to its feet. It really was enormous; its head was big enough to swallow people whole, and its teeth were like white daggers. Keeping it as a pet would be more dangerous than keeping a lion. But Reaper presented a hand to the monster, her guard lowered.</p>

      <p>“Gimme a paw!”</p>

      <p>She was trying to get it to do tricks. At that moment, Lorwen and I grimaced, hit with a discomfort that only the two of us with high-level perception abilities sensed. The Bound Dog was supposed to be a monster, but here it was, proffering its giant paw as ordered.</p>

      <p>“See?! Tell me it isn’t fine!” she said, a contented smile on her face.</p>

      <p>As the one among us most acquainted with the fearsomeness of a Bound Dog, Snow was taken aback. She stared at the obedient monster with curiosity. “Huh? What’s going on here? I’ve never heard of a monster listening to a human’s orders. Did you just make a huge discovery? A name-in-history discovery? How do we credit Kanami with it...”</p>

      <p>What she’d said wasn’t lost on me, but first, there was something I needed to verify.</p>

      <p>“Lorwen, don’t tell me...”</p>

      <p>He was standing next to me, his expression as serious as mine. “Yeah... Listen, Snow, that ain’t something humans can learn to do, so you’re better off not singing about it from the rooftops.” He made it clear to her that this wasn’t a technique mere humans could emulate and it wasn’t a phenomenon that would serve the interests of the Dungeon Alliance.</p>

      <p>“To my eyes,” I added, “it looks like it’s the fear of death that’s got the monster chained to her whims. Maybe it’s mistaking Reaper for a higher-ranked monster? Or could there be some other reason?”</p>

      <p>“Man, for a monster to be this frightened...” said Lorwen. “What on earth did you do, Reaper?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Oh, I just kept it in the darkness and chatted with it while being careful not to let up my palpable bloodlust.”</p>

      <p><em>Now that’s just pure torture. You’re telling me the poor thing had to bathe in the unending bloodlust of a death specter within a pall of all-occluding darkness? </em></p>

      <p>I was aghast, and Lorwen sighed sorrowfully. I drew the blade I’d borrowed from Epic Seeker. She was a monster of sorts herself, so she had to understand its true fearsomeness. I wasted no time telling her that keeping the thing wasn’t in the cards. “I knew it. It seems it’s just too soon for you to keep a pet, Reaper. While I feel for that monster a little, I can’t not kill it. No carelessness allowed around them.”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Awww,” she muttered, hanging her head. “And I took the time to talk to it and bring it here...”</p>

      <p>“You can’t blame us, Reaper. It’s just too dangerous. Keep something smaller as a pet.”</p>

      <p>“Something smaller? But they always run when they catch sight of me.”</p>

      <p>“That’s only because your bloodlust is leaking,” Lorwen replied. “You’re too intense, but that can be concealed one way or another with enough training. I’ll coach ya later, so bear with it till then.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, what? You’re gonna coach me, Lorwen? In that case...fine.” Reaper acquiesced more readily than I would’ve thought. And so the quarrel over the pet subsided without much ado.</p>

      <p>Lorwen proceeded to painlessly snuff out the Bound Dog in the garden. After everything was said and done, I got the feeling that Reaper had made all that fuss in order to sound Lorwen out. Back then, I’d chalked it up as nothing more than a kid being a kid. It was during the Brawl that I learned I’d been mistaken.</p>

      <p>Days later, a Reaper who could now control her own bloodlust would give me hell in battle.</p>

      <h2>Aim for the Top of the Academy, Part 5</h2>

      <p>Cutting to the chase, the duel between me and Karamia Arrace ended in a draw. I’d made such elaborate preparations and expended all of my savings, knowing that if I lost, I’d die of starvation. I’d taken all sorts of magic tools into the duel only for it to end in a draw.</p>

      <p>I was brooding in a corner of the academy’s dining hall when...</p>

      <p>“Senpai!”</p>

      <p>Liner seemed oddly amped up as he called out to me. The result of the match must have been <em>that</em> unbelievable.</p>

      <p>“I heard the rumors of how the duel turned out. You’re incredible, senpai! I mean, you managed a draw against Council President Karamia, who’s broken past the Level 20 ceiling... Her level’s twice as high as mine! Twice!”</p>

      <p>“Uh, sure, I guess,” I replied dispiritedly. “Are rumors already making the rounds?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, they are. Word is, it must have been a draw, because the rankings didn’t change even though the duel had to have taken place. Man, I’m relieved, because to tell you the truth, I thought today would be your funeral. You really are amazing, senpai.”</p>

      <p>My face turned pale. My funeral? That was no laughing matter. From where I was standing, I had yet to fully escape that possible fate in the near future.</p>

      <p>“Huh...I see. So, did you hear any rumors about what happened?”</p>

      <p>“No, not really. Annius did too solid a job administering the duel for that.”</p>

      <p>Annius had served as a witness for yesterday’s duel, and she’d done her level best to make sure what had happened didn’t leak out. Even though she’d told me she wouldn’t favor one side or the other too strongly, she still took action for my sake.</p>

      <p><em>Talk about a friend worth having. I’ll worship the ground she walks on later.</em></p>

      <p>“Well, it was a duel and everything, but I only managed a draw through super underhanded means, so...hearing you call me amazing over and over...it’s not great.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, I figured that’s how you did it. Considering all the preparations you made in the lead-up, I reckoned that had to be what you did.”</p>

      <p>As I explained my reasons, my face remained white as a sheet. “I won’t lie; if we fight again, I’ll lose for sure. I won’t be able to prepare the same magic tools a second time. Man oh man, my wallet’s really bleeding. Like, I’m bleeding out here. I splurged so much, and I haven’t even got a W to show for it.”</p>

      <p>The Elt-Order dueling system was, in essence, my source of income. My all-or-nothing gamble had ended up in a draw, so that money was cut off. I no longer had the funds to buy the ingredients and components necessary to create magic tools. And honestly, it seemed like the end of the rope for my academy life in general. At this rate, I’d be forced to sponge off my friend Annius in earnest, and as a friend, I wanted to avoid that if possible.</p>

      <p>As I lamented pissing away what little money I had, I grumbled about the duel to Liner. “Argh, like, shit, dude. This is the pits. I swear, that Karamia. Anybody with a heart would’ve thrown the match for me at that point. It was going to plan until the end... How’d she even pull a draw after all that? I mean, that’s just screwy. Dammit. Ugh...”</p>

      <p>“I hate to say it, but you <em>were</em> fighting a monster. Her level’s in the twenties.”</p>

      <p>“You ain’t kidding. She was a damn monster. She’s ranked third, and I knew beating her would mean a big payout, so I very much fought to win, but then she recovers <em>because her skin’s inhumanly tough?</em> It’s like, come on<em>.</em> <em>That’s</em> why I got a draw? Really?”</p>

      <p>Just remembering the closing bit of the duel was galling. The sabotage operation starting the day before had been executed flawlessly; the smoke screen and caltrops worked wonders in the moment, and the magic tool-powered traps proved a huge success. The magic-gem spell that served as my main firepower landed a direct hit, and I followed that up with an attack utilizing sleep drugs. And yet she’d still taken the fight to a draw.</p>

      <p><em>You’ve gotta be kidding me...</em></p>

      <p>Then a voice said, “Indeed. Let me assure you, there’s no way I could be pleased with a <em>draw</em> either. Thanks to you, some of my favorite clothes got tears in them. Now take responsibility and pay for the damages.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, exactly, it was all going so well until after I melted her clothes. But the crazy bastard went and ran through that sea of acid with her skin exposed—”</p>

      <p>“Don’t you worry. You’ll be taking responsibility for marring me while you’re at it, Kanami Eltraliew.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>I turned to look at the source of that elegant voice. It was a girl with light-pink hair. Karamia Arrace. She was standing there with a smile on her face.</p>

      <p>The very next moment, my world turned black. It was only natural that if a Level 20 monster of a girl came this close, a Level 1 schlub like me could never put up a fight. Liner, being Level 10, was able to put up something of a fight, but—</p>

      <p>“Geh! I’ve got nothing to do with— Gwah!”</p>

      <p>He fainted too. We could sense we were being dragged somewhere before we lost consciousness.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Having been taken to an unfamiliar room, we were woken. The room lacked windows and was made of cold stone. At a guess, we were in a basement. As much as I didn’t want to think it, it might even have been something akin to a torture chamber. That was where we were tied up and detained.</p>

      <p>“Um, so, do you have some sort of business with me, Ms. Karamia Arrace?” asked Liner, who was behind me. “I don’t have anything to do with that guy, so...”</p>

      <p><em>So much for being my friend.</em> But enough about the always-caught-up-in-trouble Liner. First, I had to secure my own safety.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I do. That’s why I brought you here,” she replied.</p>

      <p>“D-Do you mean a rematch?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“I do want a rematch, certainly. But I promised Ms. Annius that there would be none even if I didn’t win, so I’m afraid I can’t.”</p>

      <p><em>Nice going, Annius! You made her promise that?! I’m gonna lick the ground you walk on later!</em></p>

      <p>“As such, I have no choice but to exact my revenge up close and personal.”</p>

      <p><em>What’s the big idea, Annius?! This ain’t what you told me before! Am I seriously gonna bite it here?!</em></p>

      <p>“Kanami, I can make use of you. And as such, I’ve come up with a different point of compromise.”</p>

      <p>“You can use me?”</p>

      <p>It was then I realized she was different from yesterday. The most evident proof of that change was how she was addressing me by name.</p>

      <p>“How should I explain it... You have a creative thinking that we lack. To be frank, yesterday’s duel threw me for a loop.”</p>

      <p>Unlike before, I felt like I could have a proper conversation with her. And the fact that I’d shown my mettle in our duel probably had a whole lot to do with that.</p>

      <p>“The way you did whatever it took to win the fight elicited deep sympathy in me. And more than anything, the magic tools you made are a great fit for my combat style.”</p>

      <p>Goosebumps. Karamia Arrace’s magic energy brushed my whole body gently. It felt like the willies that seize a prey animal when a reptile licks it.</p>

      <p>She looked me dead in the eyes. “Kanami, use all of your skills for my benefit. Do that and I’ll wipe the slate clean of all your incivility.”</p>

      <p>I was not expecting <em>that</em>. “What, for real? You’d wipe the slate clean for me?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, actually, I don’t want it <em>totally </em>wiped. Let’s make your crime of touching my soft, fair skin a separate matter. That, I can’t forgive so easily.”</p>

      <p>“You know what? That’s fair.”</p>

      <p>Putting that aside, this development meant that I no longer had anything impeding my ability to duel people. As long as I could earn money through Elt-Order battles, I could extricate myself from this pit.</p>

      <p>“Join my faction and prove to the student body that you work under me. Let’s make that our compromise for now.”</p>

      <p>That turn of events made the rumored draw easy to explain. Now the story was that Karamia had acknowledged my strengths and cut the duel short in order to fold me under her umbrella. That way, we could both salvage our pride.</p>

      <p>“Ms. Karamia, if I may ask one question. Does this mean you won’t meddle with my Elt-Order duels?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, that’s what it means. Upon reflection, there’s no better system than this ‘Elt-Order’ affair to show the academy my power,” she murmured. “Initially, I was angry they started such a thing without my approval as Student Council President, but now, I think I ought to capitalize on it. I’ll be able to visit more violence upon all the students than I could have gotten away with using my authority as Council President alone. I’ll be able to rule over them through true fear.”</p>

      <p>I got the feeling she’d morphed back into the Karamia I could not, in fact, have a proper conversation with.</p>

      <p>“I wanna be this academy’s absolute sovereign,” she said, relating her dream while releasing suffocating amounts of magic energy.</p>

      <p>I observed her with my dimensional magic and naked eyes. She looked beautiful in that moment. The disturbing stuff she’d said notwithstanding, she was a girl who’d set up a lofty perch for herself and was taking steps toward it, and that was at least a little attractive.</p>

      <p>“Currently standing in my way are the beyond-rank Snow Walker, the ranked first Philty Walker, and the ranked second Elmirahd Siddark. I don’t care how you do it: give me the winning edge over them, the most accomplished students in academy history. Of course, once I’m sitting in first place, I’ll give you a little taste of the top. The headmaster is my enemy as well, so if it means setting him up, I’ll cooperate.”</p>

      <p>Now that she’d brought up the headmaster, I’d lost any reason to turn her offer down. Perhaps she’d changed her tune compared to yesterday because she’d heard about my deal with him.</p>

      <p>“If you swear to work under me...I have a <em>contract</em> for you.”</p>

      <p>She thrust a piece of paper before my eyes. It was a contract of employment. There were no regulations forbidding students from holding jobs. She wanted to hire me as a butler, to make it crystal clear where I stood. At this academy, chamberlains often enrolled so that they could attend to the nobles here, so it was perfectly plausible.</p>

      <p>I skimmed the document. “‘All the food, clothing, shelter, and necessary academy devices will be provided for you’?! And I’m allowed to use the lab too?!”</p>

      <p>“Of course. That comes with the territory when you’re close to me. When you’re a ‘friend.’”</p>

      <p>This was huge. Having access to textbooks changed everything. It’d make it easier to go down the path of the magic tool-user. The path that yesterday’s duel proved had promise. And most useful of all for tackling the Elt-Order was the fact that the magic tools I made during class would become mine to use.</p>

      <p>“Liner, could you give me your two cents?” I asked my friend in the back. “The offer sounds too good to be true.”I wasn’t from this world, so I didn’t know the nitty gritty stuff.</p>

      <p>“Who, me? Well, I know you have your circumstances, so it can’t be helped, but normally, that’s something you’d decipher yourself. Don’t come crying to me afterward...”</p>

      <p>Liner was a noble. I had him give her contract a look-see, then signed it. And in all honesty, I had never really had the wherewithal to refuse in the first place.</p>

      <p>“Starting today, you and Liner are part of my faction.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, not just him, but me too?! What?!”</p>

      <p>Thus, I (and one other kid thrown in for good measure) became Karamia Arrace’s underling. I received the greatest backer I could have received in order to move up the Elt-Order ranks. All in all, I figured getting involved with her wasn’t such a raw deal. Until, that is, I discovered in the not-too-distant future what a scam that contract was.</p>

      <p>Unlike the me in that timeline next door, I wasn’t used to getting fooled yet. I didn’t know about the existence of unreasonable magical contracts, and I’d never before encountered the true depths of human malice and kindness. Karamia told me, the boy she’d just met, about her own dreams. And I didn’t understand the true significance of that act. I didn’t understand what she really meant when she called me her “friend.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>