<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: Day Three of the Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball</h1>

      <p>It was the morning of the third day of the Brawl. Reaper had done us the favor of keeping <em>Dimension</em> up throughout the night, and now she intended to sleep, so I was forced to deploy <em>Dimension</em> using my own MP again in order to ascertain what was happening on Valhuura as a whole.</p>

      <p>Snow was actively preparing for her upcoming match just fine, but Lorwen, not so much. While I had expected Liner to be nearby, it was oddly hectic around them, as they were surrounded by a drove of people, preventing the two from moving about.</p>

      <p>I had an immediate guess as to why. It must have been because Lorwen had beaten the so-called strongest, Glenn Walker, in Round 3 the day before. Thanks to that, many were looking up to Lorwen as the next favorite to hold the title. Some of them were merely fans, but others were trying to make his acquaintance with their own agendas. It was pretty much the same situation as I’d faced during that ball.</p>

      <p>As a man with no connections whatsoever, Lorwen had been unable to so much as change his place of lodging, so he couldn’t ward off the mobs of people. It had possibly even been this way since yesterday’s match ended, which would certainly explain why he hadn’t made any moves that night.</p>

      <p>Lastiara was in the room with me. “How ya feeling, Kanami?”</p>

      <p>“Horrible. The nausea and headache have got me all dizzy. My brain’s foggy, and I’m starting to not be able to process what’s going on anymore.”</p>

      <p>The more I checked in with my poor body, the more I felt a grim laugh coming on. To be honest, my eyes weren’t working properly. My vision was blurry, like I was underwater. I’d also lost my sense of balance, unsteady like I was aboard a ship rocking in a storm. At this point, I could no longer expect to be able to think with any clarity. Trying to meditate would only make my situation rougher.</p>

      <p>“Fantastic. Best case scenario, you can’t even stay on your feet tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>I was in a state where even just hearing the high-pitched voice of a girl got me on edge. I myself was aware that my temper was quicker; I’d lost my composure. My expression had turned sour and annoyed.</p>

      <p>“Kanami,” Dia stammered, worried, “are you really gonna be okay?”</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Dia. But this is necessary, so you don’t gotta worry. I’m more worried about you guys.”</p>

      <p>There was something that took precedence over my physical condition in my mind. It was today’s match—the battle between Team Lastiara and Team Snow.</p>

      <p>Lastiara thumped her chest, brimming with confidence. “We’ve got you covered there. Dia and Serry will be fighting too, and we’ll be going full bore from the word go. If you ask me, we can’t lose.”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha.”</p>

      <p>But I already knew that. It wasn’t Lastiara’s team I was worried about.</p>

      <p>“Hold on. Don’t tell me you’re fretting over <em>Snow?</em> I’m sorry, but I can’t go easy on her. There’s even the possibility I’ll have to kill her to stop her.” Lastiara understood I was worried about Snow, but even then, she wouldn’t promise me not to kill her.</p>

      <p>“Look, she’s just feeling a bit cornered, that’s all. If possible, I’d like you to at least not injure her too badly. Please.”</p>

      <p>“Be reasonable, man. Honestly, though, it’s ultimately down to Dia.” She regarded Dia with a sullen look.</p>

      <p>“Who, me?!”</p>

      <p>“Let’s be real,” said Lastiara. “The only actual scenario where Snow dies is one where you go berserk. You absolutely mustn’t fire your magic at full power until I say you can.”</p>

      <p>“I know, I know! In battle, I’ll follow your orders...”</p>

      <p>“Good. The fact that you’re calm right now is a huge help.”</p>

      <p>I reckoned that if Dia’s life was on the line, Lastiara would indeed try to kill Snow. I hadn’t known her for long, but I knew where her priorities lay. I was the only one out of those present who was genuinely worried about Snow. And it felt so frustrating that I couldn’t fight alongside her during an important juncture.</p>

      <p>“This is the critical moment,” Lastiara continued. “You end your match quicker than Lorwen, then meet back up with us. We thoroughly trounce Snow, and then we destroy your bangle during the semifinals, where nobody can intervene. All right, team, let’s <em>do</em> this!”</p>

      <p>With that, Lastiara ended the discussion. I gave up on persuading her and started concentrating on my own match.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Let’s go end this.”</p>

      <p>We split up and headed for our respective battles. Round 4 of the Brawl was on.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>A staff member led me out onto the arena, the same as the day before. Now I was at the center of the battlefield, facing my opponent for this match: a highborn knight. It was Elmirahd Siddark. I’d managed to walk all this way, but just standing there in the arena, my ears wouldn’t stop ringing.</p>

      <p>Plus, my vision had gone from underwater blurry to deep sea blurry. I was in worse than horrible shape. It appeared as though my body had already reached its limit during the match the day before. My consciousness was dipping in and out, like I was trapped inside a suffocating dream. The arena looked even bigger than before, and there were more spectators now than before too.</p>

      <p>Perhaps because this was the quarterfinals, the volume of the cheering was cacophonous. The arena was utterly packed with spectators whose spirits were alive with anticipation for the fight that was soon to unfold. But none of that nonsense mattered to me. I didn’t have the energy to give two shits. My body was past the realm of heavy on its feet; now it felt like it wasn’t even mine anymore. At this point, even just checking my general status made me want to scream.</p>

      <p>Amid the chaos of cheering I couldn’t even make out, I somehow managed to pick up the voice that got the show on the road.</p>

      <p>“Ladies and gentlemen! Who should grace us but Lord Elmirahd Siddark! He’s the eldest son of the esteemed House of Siddark, Top Knight of Eltraliew Academy, <em>and </em>the master of the guild that presides over many an elite, Supreme! From his pedigree, to his achievements, to his skill with both pen and sword, to his looks, and everything in between, he’s the picture of perfection! There have been more than a few upsets, but his team is a favorite to take this tournament, and they’ve racked up win after win!”</p>

      <p>Those introductory remarks were getting longer and longer, probably because the tournament was nearing an end. That said, nothing he’d said concerned me. All that weighed on my mind was the match Lastiara’s team was fighting in a different area.</p>

      <p>“That’s not the only reason his matches are so popular, though! Lord Siddark has pumped up the Brawl and then some! The way he’s worked the crowd by pledging his love to his fiancé and dedicating his victory in each and every match to her is all the crowds are talking about! What’s more, I hear they’re thinking of getting married at the end of the month! And who should his betrothed be but a scion of the House of Walker, Lady Snow!”</p>

      <p>When I heard Snow’s name, my attention snapped back to my own match.</p>

      <p>“It’s a Brawl tradition, folks—a brave warrior who declares his love for his lady shall obtain his reward by emerging victorious! And Lord Siddark is a good sir knight who properly embodies that! He’s declared his love for Lady Snow at every match, and stirred up so many of our wonderful spectators! Let me say, folks, as a member of management, he has our eternal gratitude!”</p>

      <p>Mr. Siddark walked closer to the presenter, taking the mic-like thing the man was holding. Then he shouted for all the venue to hear, “Here stands Elmirahd of the House of Siddark! Let me take this opportunity to make a declaration to everyone in attendance!”</p>

      <p>He started waxing on; it was the love declaration that the presenter had just mentioned. For some reason, I wasn’t able to follow along. I heard all the lofty words peppered throughout: the “love” and the “destiny” and the “vow” and the “glory” and what have you. I could also tell the speech was very dignified and solemn, like some clergyman’s felicitations. Beyond that, though, it was all a haze. Then I realized it was because I was so pissed that I simply didn’t <em>want</em> to understand what he was saying.</p>

      <p>To round it off, Mr. Siddark raised his sword. “On this blade, I vow never to lose to anyone! I dedicate my every victory to my beloved Snow!”</p>

      <p><em>This is the shit he’s been doing this whole time?</em></p>

      <p>If so, then Snow must have heard it over and over thanks to her abilities. And she might have heard similar declarations even before the Brawl. The thought that this very oath was what was making Snow feel so cornered made me sick to my stomach. I remembered how she had been smiling with tears in her eyes on the balcony of the castle during the ball. Maybe that ingratiating smile she’d thrown my way was something she’d only just barely managed after suffering as greatly as I was suffering now. She was cornered, crammed into a box by the people around her. And when that thought crossed my mind...</p>

      <p>It put my teeth on edge.</p>

      <p>Not to dodge responsibility, but it seemed I simply lacked that kind of composure at the moment. My consciousness fell deeper and deeper into a deep dark pit, like someone had pushed it down the stairs. And all the while, Elmirahd’s oath and the presenter’s address continued.</p>

      <p>“But wait, there’s more! Believe it or not, the two contestants are <em>both</em> fiancés of the same woman! Mr. Kanami is also Lady Snow’s fiancé, as recommended by the one and only Sir Glenn Walker! What’s going through his mind now that he’s heard the oath of his rival in love?!”</p>

      <p>All eyes were suddenly on me, and the mic in the presenter’s hand was pointed my way. Was he demanding that I do the same thing? Was he telling me to declare my love and to dedicate my victory to Snow? That was when my foul mood reached a breaking point and the words spilled out of my mouth.</p>

      <p>“Enough already,” I said to no one in particular, too quietly for anyone to hear. “How do none of you understand that this pushy bullshit’s been tormenting Snow for ages?”</p>

      <p>Even if what I’d just said eluded him, the presenter stepped back, exposed to my wrath.</p>

      <p>Mr. Siddark stepped in between us. “We know that. I know that, and so does the House of Walker,” he said, like he’d prepared the statement beforehand. Maybe he knew what I’d say from the beginning, so he hadn’t actually needed to make out my muttered words. “Still, all of it is par for the course.”</p>

      <p>“Par for the course? Snow’s suffering?”</p>

      <p>“Living as a noble is no easy thing. But Snow accepted her adoption into the House of Walker knowing that to be the case. As such, it’s a matter of course that she should suffer. I have no choice but to live out my days in gratitude for her devotion to her duties as a noble.”</p>

      <p>His words were so calm, the exact opposite of mine, and they stuck to my skin.</p>

      <p>Seeing I had no reply, he continued. “And the same goes for me. As the eldest son of the House of Siddark, it’s my duty to take on whatever hardships I must. If it’s for the sake of my clan, I’ll walk down any path, no matter how painful. I have that determination. And if the House of Siddark desires it, I’ll even aim to become the hero myself.” As he orated, he pointed his sword at mine. It was clear he had no intention of backing down. “I, Elmirahd Siddark, will drag Snow Walker into a long and agonizing battle so that my clan may thrive. But I’ll do so without hesitation or remorse.”</p>

      <p>“I... I see...” I replied feebly. I didn’t have the energy to shout. His determination was too strong; I couldn’t keep pace. And I couldn’t relate in the least to his lack of doubt in his convictions. Everything about him was so bright that I couldn’t even look directly at him.</p>

      <p><em>Holy shit, he’s annoying.</em></p>

      <p>I respected the strength of his will. I even looked up to him. But right now, my sheer irritation eclipsed that. My head was already close to its limits, and now it was heating up even more, my thoughts set on fire, my hazy consciousness fumigated. The unpleasant sensation stuck to me like clay, as did my dull aches and pains. My thoughts were all over the map. My limbs were trembling. My vision was blurry.</p>

      <p><em>God, talk about infuriating.</em></p>

      <p>“All right then, sir, I’m going to take your dreams and your vows and crush them. I’m going to destroy it all...because I just don’t like you.”</p>

      <p>“Oh?” He seemed pleased to hear it. He was so unperturbed that it got under my skin.</p>

      <p>“You couldn’t beat me in a million years.”</p>

      <p>“Heh. Heh heh. Heh heh heh! Gah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!”</p>

      <p>I had no idea what had made him smile and laugh so suddenly. I frowned questioningly, and he replied.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha! Yes! Finally, the hero that Palinchron chose is getting real with me!”</p>

      <p>There it was. The word that at the moment, I most hated to hear. The word that had been afflicting me so much over the past few days. The word “hero.”</p>

      <p>“Now we’re talking! Now if I beat you, I’ll become the hero!”</p>

      <p>That was what caused me to lose what little tranquility I had left. I started shooting straight from the hip. “Again with that hero crap?! You’re telling me you dream of being the hero too?!”</p>

      <p>As he’d said, I was finally getting real. The stuff I wanted to say was coming right out of my mouth by reflex.</p>

      <p>“Of course I do! Every noble-born knight does! I’m going to take you down, become the hero, and take Snow as my wife!”</p>

      <p>“Ugh! That pisses me off! I hate that kind of shit! I really hate that about you dumb noble types!” I vented my pent-up anger against him, my stand-in for all nobles. “Oh, it’s for your clan! Oh, it’s for your country! It’s for wealth or fame! Well, I’ve had it up to here with that shit! Fuck that noise! I can’t be bothered!”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t stand a single rotten thing about that whole constricting philosophy that robbed people of their freedom. It was what had royally messed up all of my friends. All over something so goddamn stupid!</p>

      <p>“There’s another way to have a life of happiness out there! A more modest life! A quieter, more peaceful life! Why can’t you nobles see that?! Why’re you all so obsessed with the hero, Elmirahd?!”</p>

      <p>Coveting glory would never do a damn thing for anybody, but nobody seemed to understand that. I vented all of my frustrations on him, even though I knew I should be telling all this to Lorwen and Snow. Elmirahd, for his part, took it all with a serene smile.</p>

      <p>“Kanami, pal, you really are like a hero out of a fairy tale. But not everybody can live their lives that way. Everyone has to face the circumstances of their birth, and everyone has their own life to live.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, shut up already!”</p>

      <p>I was sure that the more we talked, the more ground this Elmirahd dick would gain. I shut down the conversation and thought about nothing but crushing his designs to dust.</p>

      <p>“I won’t let one of you stupid nobles marry Snow! Mark my words!” Taking a page out of Elmirahd’s playbook, I swore an oath of my own. “I’ve got my own declaration to make! It’s me who Snow Walker wants to marry! If there’s anybody who wants to go down the aisle with her, they’ll have to go through me! So long as I wield this sword, nobody’s marrying her!”</p>

      <p>I violently waved the Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword around and shouted loud enough for the whole arena to hear. In response, the roar of the crowd got many times louder. I got the feeling I’d gone overboard and stepped past a point of no return. But I didn’t care. Right now, I couldn’t see past the nobleman before my eyes. I just didn’t want Snow to suffer anymore. I couldn’t think of anything else. Driven by pure emotion, I glared at the enemy.</p>

      <p>Elmirahd was trembling. “So this is what you’re like when you lay down the chips... Such magic energy! Such an intimidating aura! As befitting the hero!”</p>

      <p>He was staring at me, red in the cheeks. His expression irked me.</p>

      <p>“Even if you beat me, don’t think that’ll make you the hero! Because I ain’t the hero! Not that that’s even the half of it!”</p>

      <p>I’d made up my mind. It was time to devote my energy to laying the beatdown. I looked at his menu to gauge his strength.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Elmirahd Siddark</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 198/201</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 280/299</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Knight</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 20</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 4.79</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 2.82</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 4.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 7.29</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 7.19</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 18.10</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.67</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Elemental Magic 1.93</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Magical Combat 1.89, Swordplay 0.89</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The gap between us was clear. “Elmirahd! You don’t stand a chance against me! You can’t win this!”</p>

      <p>“That may well be true... I may not hold a candle to you! But I’ve never once gone into a fight thinking I can’t win! And today’s no different! I’m going to beat you and become the hero! All for the sake of the House of Siddark!”</p>

      <p>I left the back-and-forth at that and took a step forward. Elmirahd likewise started walking forward.</p>

      <p>The presenter interjected disconcertedly from the side. “Er, um, does that mean you’ll be fighting one-on-one, staking your honor as the hero and your right to marry Lady Snow? You’re starting right now with no ruleset?”</p>

      <p>Neither of us stopped. In our eyes, nobody else existed anymore besides the enemy. We kept closing the distance between us without a word in reply to him.</p>

      <p>“I... I’ll take that as a yes from both contestants! May Round 4 in the North Area of the Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball commence!”</p>

      <p>We took those words as our cue to begin fighting. We were less than ten meters away from each other now.</p>

      <p>“<em>Ice Phalanx!</em>”</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Wintermension!</em>”</p>

      <p>Before we made contact, we each fired off a spell as a test run. Needless to say, Elmirahd had picked a countermeasure against my magic—the magic tool he was wearing shattered, releasing the unjammable ice spell toward me. A myriad of ice stakes came flying my way. I had no choice but to look at them directly and run past them. Elmirahd was clearly a knight who leaned more toward the mage side. As such, close combat was definitely the better bet for me. I closed the distance and got within sword range of him. However, right before my sword swing could hit him, he cast another spell.</p>

      <p>“<em>Lightning Rain!</em>”</p>

      <p>The magic came into effect at high speed, a flash of light bursting before me. I twisted to avoid a direct hit, but half of my body did get shocked, and I grew numb all over. But that hardly mattered. It didn’t matter if it was a bit harder to move now. After all, my body could barely move to begin with.</p>

      <p>Then came the high-pitched, headache-inducing chink as our swords locked; I tried to overpower him and knock him down, since I had the edge in terms of physical strength, but he quickly tilted his sword and turned mine aside. I knew he was going to parry thanks to <em>Dimension</em>, but my body didn’t react. It wasn’t cooperating with me, like I was stuck in some especially sticky tar. In addition, I’d exhausted all of the MP that had replenished overnight, and so <em>Dimension</em> went away. I lost my balance and nearly toppled to the side of him.</p>

      <p>“<em>Wynd Burst!</em>”</p>

      <p>Another incantationless spell was hurtling my way, and it was <em>fast</em>. Elmirahd’s strong point was how well he’d integrated his flexible sword style with his high-speed spellcasting. All of his movements were consistent with the theory, and his attacks flowed into each other perfectly.</p>

      <p>“Grah!”</p>

      <p>The gale-force wind blew me away to the side. A shock like that might have put any normal person down for the count, but at my current level, it was no decisive blow. It did, however, position me at the optimal distance for him to use magic.</p>

      <p>“<em>Aqua Spread!</em>”</p>

      <p>A water current trailed on the ground, but I simply ran straight for him just like before, because my only mistake had been trying to avoid the lightning magic. That sort of attack didn’t need evading. When the spell came out that quickly, it wasn’t a big deal if I tanked it. My leveling up had rendered my endurance inhuman. What I ought to have done was simply eat the spell and just push through with my own offensive. It was stupid of me to think of myself as a normal, fragile human being.</p>

      <p>I leaped over the water attack and closed the distance again.</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Arrow!</em>”</p>

      <p>I crushed it with my left, non-sword hand. Not only was I used to getting hit with fire magic, but I was also wearing that Red Talisman around my neck. The fire scorched my hand, but I ignored that, swinging my sword with my right hand. Elmirahd hadn’t been expecting me to fend off the <em>Flame Arrow</em> like that; he had no choice but to block my sword with his. The impact left him wide open. I pressed the advantage, striking his sword over and over from above until his grip gradually loosened. Then I promptly delivered a final blow from the side, sending his weapon flying and disarming the enemy. I thrust my sword at his throat. Game, set, and—</p>

      <p>“Why yoooooouuuu!”</p>

      <p>He let himself drop, and in the process, he kicked his left leg up. I was too slow to react to the surprise attack and ended up taking his kick on the right arm.</p>

      <p>“<em>Impulse!</em>”</p>

      <p>The spell fired from his left leg, the magic tool attached to his ankle broke, and the vibration magic ran down my right arm. The shock wave carried all his magic energy, so I dropped my sword as well. It seemed my grip had gotten weaker than I was expecting, making me unable to withstand the impact. I had known my body was on its last legs, but I hadn’t thought it would be this bad. That said, I didn’t have time to wring my hands over it. Elmirahd was right in front of me, and I had no choice but to respond to the right hook flying at my face. I shifted and the punch landed on the side of my left arm. Next, his left fist aimed for my flank. I fell back to avoid it. Elmirahd didn’t try to grab me, most likely because his muscle strength was outmatched. He was clearly intending to fight purely through body blows.</p>

      <p>Sadly for him, I was also keen on some fisticuffs. It was difficult to fire magic during such a claustrophobic fistfight, and if one attempted to force through a spell, the other party could stop it by punching them in, say, the gut with the proper timing. Now that Elmirahd was bereft of a window to cast magic, I had as good as won.</p>

      <p>But honestly, more than anything else? I just wanted to punch the bastard. And maybe he felt the same way. So we just started slugging each other, driven by primal instinct, without any plan or strategy or tricks or anything. We both swung our fists, a left, then a right, then a left, then a right, punch after punch after punch as we screamed.</p>

      <p>“Ha, ha ha ha! Aikawa Kanami, the hero! KANAMIIIII!”</p>

      <p>“Shut your trap, Elmirahd!”</p>

      <p>My punching fists. The arms taking all the punishment. They hurt so bad. But the pain was accompanied by a strangely pleasant sensation, like the mud clogging my body was getting washed away. This was the Brawl, where gifted and talented warriors duked it out. This stage was supposed to play host to the dancing of swords and spells, not some crude fistfight.</p>

      <p>Even so, the cheers didn’t abate. On the contrary, for whatever reason, the electricity was only rising. The din of the crowd hurting my head, I frantically tried to punch Elmirahd in the face, but it wasn’t going my way. Sure, my body was hardly firing on all cylinders, but my STR and AGI stats still significantly outstripped his. Plus, I was pretty sure I had him beat when it came to reflexes and dynamic vision. On the other hand, his martial arts training meant his technique was far better than mine, so we were actually evenly matched.</p>

      <p>I thought about trying to understand and imitate his moves, like I had during Lorwen’s training, but I gave up on the idea right away. There was no way I could make any such calculations when my brain power was so dampened. In the end, my only real choice was to rely on my overall superiority. I’d decided I was going to crush the man in front of me with all my heart and soul. Which meant one thing.</p>

      <p>It was time for <em>Blizzardmension.</em></p>

      <p>I tried to deploy my strongest spell, incantationless as always. I understood that I lacked all of the stuff I needed to use that magic. But for some reason, I was confident I’d be able to cast it regardless.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 102/316 MP: 0/751</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 95/309 MP: 0/751</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 89/303 MP: 0/751</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I’d never seen that happen before. Somebody’s Max HP was ticking down. But my body already understood. I was cutting into my life force to use my magic. Sparks were flying inside the boiling soup inside my skull, and a fire was igniting. I could practically feel my brain cells sizzling into crisps, and I could taste death on the back of my tongue.</p>

      <p>I successfully cast <em>Blizzardmension</em> and it hung around me and him. However, I didn’t have the presence of mind to process the information it gave me and calculate the best move; I merely engaged him reflexively. All I did was read how he would move and dodge, then hit him, dodge, then hit him. I was doing the same thing as before, but my reflexes and visual acuity had improved dozens of times over.</p>

      <p>This was in addition to <em>Blizzardmension</em> slowing him down. It was little surprise that my fists alone hit paydirt. I started clobbering him all over—his head, arms, chest, abdomen, everywhere. As the coup de grâce, my fist landed on his chin, rocking his skull. He finally fell to his knees, groaning. All he could do was slowly pitch forward. When I saw his hands on the ground, I dispelled my magic. He’d given it his all, but he was down. Looking at his menu, I confirmed he wasn’t getting back up again.</p>

      <p>I had won.</p>

      <p>Elmirahd looked up at me. The victor was literally standing over the loser. There could be no doubt that I’d just thwarted his dreams and vows. I was prepared to incur his hatred. Yet the look in his eyes was no different from before.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>