<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: And Then It All Began</h1>

      <p>Outside the castle, it was dead silent—the opposite of the hustle and bustle happening inside.</p>

      <p>It was just as quiet out on the balcony where we were taking a breather; all that could be heard was the whistle of the cold night breeze. Maybe because I’d been in that wind for too long, my body was trembling slightly. I shot a fleeting glance at the balcony bench, where two noble siblings, a girl and a guy, were situated.</p>

      <p>The girl with the cool blue hair and the cherry-blossom-pink eyes was Snow Walker. The guy with the copper-colored hair and the brown eyes was Glenn Walker. They didn’t look anything alike, but siblings they were. Snow was sitting and hanging her head, while Mr. Glenn was massaging her back, apologizing and apologizing. And that scene was what I knew to be the kind that played out among true siblings.</p>

      <p>Like Mr. Glenn, I myself was trying to think of what I could do for her. Obviously, I couldn’t say yes to her far-too-sudden proposal, and not just because marrying as the most convenient and easiest arrangement was crazy, but because I sensed a plot of Palinchron’s behind it as well. I had no doubt he was aiming to get me and her hitched. Snow’s abrupt one-eighty had made that clear. But be that as it may...I figured I couldn’t keep turning her away either.</p>

      <p><em>I never wanna make the wrong choice again.</em></p>

      <p>That was what I’d thought to myself. I’d vowed not to slip up like before.</p>

      <p>That being said, I wouldn’t come upon something I could do for her so easily. Even if it served to console her, the one thing I knew I mustn’t do was lie. Nobody ended up happy going down that path. No, I had to find a different way. But what could that be? What possible way?</p>

      <p>Right then, Snow got to her feet all of a sudden. She tottered a tad as she drew closer to me. “I’m sorry I was being so weird, Kanami,” she said, sounding genuinely apologetic. “I’ve calmed down now. I’m okay.”</p>

      <p>She was back to the Snow I knew. She was no longer in that agitated state from moments prior or the Snow who was talking to herself before that.</p>

      <p>Since she’d gone back to normal, I replied to her as my usual self as well. “It’s okay, don’t worry about it. That impending marriage has been weighing on you for ages, right? I can’t blame you for losing your composure a little.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah... Yeah, huh. It’s been on my mind, and I...I’m feeling the heat. They keep telling me to get married, over and over and over, and it looks like my brain’s fried, aha ha.”</p>

      <p>Her laughter sounded forced. She was keeping up appearances.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha... I’m sorry. Forget what just happened. What was I getting so frantic over? It’s not like it’ll turn out okay, no matter how desperately I try.”</p>

      <p>And now, just like always, she was giving up on anything and everything. While that was like her, I could hardly turn a blind eye to it. After all, it wasn’t as though I was telling her to abandon all hope.</p>

      <p>“No need to get so spineless, Snow. I told you I’m gonna help you, didn’t I? If somebody tries to impose something on you, just come to me. I’ll figure something out, I swear it. I will!”</p>

      <p>A pause. “’Kay. Thanks,” she replied, extremely curtly.</p>

      <p>Obviously, she wasn’t grateful. Not truly. She was all but telling me that those weren’t the words she wanted to come out of my mouth.</p>

      <p>She sidled up to me, clasped my hands, and stared up at me with an ill-fitting smile on her face. “So, uh, Kanami. Just...for the time being. For the time being, that’s all I ask... Just remember that that path does exist, okay? That’s all I need... Please?”</p>

      <p><em>That path</em>. In other words, us getting married.</p>

      <p>“Uh, yeah, sure... I don’t mind just remembering.”</p>

      <p>When Snow saw me nod, she smiled, relieved. Then Mr. Glenn, who’d been watching from afar, came closer.</p>

      <p>“So you made peace, right, you two? Things are okay again?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Mr. Glenn. It’s okay now.”</p>

      <p>We both nodded.</p>

      <p>“Phew, that’s a relief. I’m seriously glad to hear it... Now, uh, I’m really sorry, but I’ve gotta go back to the schmoozing circuit. Ms. Snow, are you really okay now?”</p>

      <p>Apparently, he’d been on tenterhooks because he thought we were fighting because of <em>him</em>.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay,” said Snow. “I’m sorry to keep you while you’re so busy.”</p>

      <p>“No, it’s I who oughta apologize, Ms. Snow... Now then, be back later.”</p>

      <p>With that, he went back inside the castle’s great hall. I could tell even from the balcony that people began to swarm him immediately. And the number of people was many times the number I’d had to deal with earlier. It seemed that when you were a so-called hero lionized as the “strongest diver,” countless schmucks came out of the woodwork to cozy up at places like this.</p>

      <p>“Whoa. He really <em>is</em> busy.”</p>

      <p>“You see what he’s like, and yet the five nations still boast about him as a hero. It’s like that wherever he goes.”</p>

      <p>“Wherever he goes, huh? Sounds rough.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. It’s rough for me too. Extremely rough.” From the sound of her voice, she meant it.</p>

      <p>Figuring she was still exhausted, I asked, “Snow. What do you wanna do? Wanna go home for today?”</p>

      <p>“I do.”</p>

      <p>Just like that, we decided to leave the ball. It was true that Snow wasn’t feeling so well. We’d just bow our heads and extricate ourselves. I took her by the hand, and together we went back into the great hall. We used Mr. Glenn as a decoy (as bad as it feels to put it that way) to effect our escape, and I used <em>Dimension: Calculash</em> to avoid all the gazes of the chattering nobles as we wended our way toward the exit. We were so close to home free when an unfamiliar girl spoke to me.</p>

      <p>“Hold on, is that you, sir? Whoa, it’s been a while!”</p>

      <p>She was a cheery-looking girl with short hair. While she was using the polite register, she was using it in a half-assed way that didn’t quite fit the decorum of the ball. She waved at me from a little distance away.</p>

      <p>I was bewildered. I would’ve preferred to ignore her, but for all I knew, she was a member of the highest echelons of the upper class. I had no choice but to stop in my tracks and shift my gaze to her.</p>

      <p>Just then, yet another person spoke up. This voice was a low, seasoned one. “Hrm... Are you Siegfried Vizzita?”</p>

      <p>Unlike the first girl, this woman was remarkably tall. And her voice was strangely deep, exactly like a man’s. Moreover, she was taller than me, and her countenance was quite dignified, to the point she looked not unlike a handsome young man. The lady wore her long chestnut-brown hair in a ponytail.</p>

      <p>Faced with these two distinctive characters, I sensed right away that they were far from ordinary. I could tell just from the way they carried themselves. They moved silently, with no wasted motions. It was the gait one needed for combat. And in that respect, the short-haired girl in particular reminded me of Lorwen.</p>

      <p>I instantly gave the stats of the two strong fighters a look-see with my menu-sight.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Pelsiona Quaygar</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 430/434</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 105/105</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Knight</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 27</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 10.99</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 9.73</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 8.55</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 10.09</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 9.32</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 6.56</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.56</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: None</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Swordplay 1.89, Holy Magic 1.95</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Ragne Kyquora</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 158/161</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 36/36</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Knight</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 17</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 3.40</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 4.42</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 12.05</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 6.62</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 7.52</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 1.62</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Magic Power Manipulation 2.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Swordplay 0.57, Holy Magic 1.02</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The short-haired girl was Ragne Kyquora, and the tall lady was Pelsiona Quaygar. Their menus told me they were knights, which was corroborated by their formal raiments. And they both boasted considerable prowess. In Ragne Kyquora’s case, she possessed a skill that Lorwen had said took a lifetime to learn—Magic Power Manipulation.</p>

      <p>That was all the more reason to ignore them and go home. I would’ve loved to just pretend I didn’t hear them and zip right out of there. But I didn’t yet have the courage to ignore knights of such renown.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, I think you’re mistaking me for someone else. That isn’t my name, you see.”</p>

      <p>“Uh, what?” said Ragne Kyquora. “How could we ever confuse <em>the</em> Mr. Sieg with anybody? After you gave us that one-sided walloping, it’s we-see-you-in-our-dreams level. You took us by surprise back then, but we won’t lose next time, you hear?”</p>

      <p>“I’m telling you, you have the wrong—”</p>

      <p>Ragne leaned in closer; I used my hands to form a wall between us and backed away.</p>

      <p>“Hm.” Upon seeing that, Pelsiona Quaygar nodded as if to say she was convinced before grabbing her colleague by the back of the collar and pulling her.</p>

      <p>“It’s true. We do have to chalk this up to a case of mistaken identity,” she said. “Ragne, it’s as this gentleman said. That <em>other</em> man’s status as a criminal has been squared through a deal made between Whoseyards and Laoravia. Consequently, this person is a separate entity from that rogue.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, is that true? Nobody told me anything.”</p>

      <p>“You have a loose tongue, and you’re low in the pecking order. As such, you were not given all the details.”</p>

      <p>“For... For real?”</p>

      <p>It seemed this “Sieg” I kept hearing about even had criminal charges. That wasn’t what I wanted to hear, and the timing was terrible too.</p>

      <p>The two of them introduced themselves with matching frowns.</p>

      <p>“Sir Aikawa, brave hero of Laoravia, I apologize for my subordinate’s discourtesy. I am the knight ranked number one among the Seven Celestial Knights, Pelsiona Quaygar. It’s a pleasure.”</p>

      <p>“I’m Ragne Kyquora, also a Celestial. Thanks to circumstance, I’m ranked number three now.”</p>

      <p>If they were going to introduce themselves this politely, I had no choice but to follow suit. “I’m Aikawa Kanami, guildmaster of the Laoravian government-affiliated guild, Epic Seeker. This is one of my submasters, Snow Walker. However, we’re in a hurry, so please allow us to make our—”</p>

      <p>“We’re back! Hello, Head of the Knights!”</p>

      <p>I was interrupted by yet another girl. She had a particularly high-class air to her, even amid the other guests at the ball. She had very conspicuous blonde pigtails, and her extravagant dress was adorned with embroidery of gold and silver.</p>

      <p>“Good timing,” said Pelsiona. “I’ll introduce them too. They’re the newest members of the Seven Celestial Knights, Franrühle Hellvilleshine, ranked sixth, and Liner Hellvilleshine, ranked seventh.”</p>

      <p>The pigtails girl’s eyes met mine. “Huh, what? Sir... Sir Sieg?” she murmured, her pupils turning small and her mouth agape.</p>

      <p>Behind her, a boy in butler attire looked astonished as well. But it was different in nature from her astonishment; he bared a stinging hatred. I adopted a light defensive stance as I used Analyze.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Liner Hellvilleshine</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 142/172</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 23/50</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Knight</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 6.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 4.52</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 5.01</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 6.92</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 6.53</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 3.88</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.89</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Wind Magic 1.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Swordplay 1.23, Holy Magic 1.02</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>He had a fair amount of talent, but he was no one I needed to look out for. Or at least, I thought that was safe to assume.</p>

      <p>By the time I was finished looking at his menu, his hostility had dissipated like mist. His expression was blank now, and he waited behind the girl. I relaxed my own stance in response.</p>

      <p>“Huh? What are you doing here, Sir Sieg? And you’re with Snow too.”</p>

      <p>Franrühle Hellvilleshine was even worse than Ragne had been earlier about trying to press in close to me. This time, Snow stepped in between us, keeping us apart.</p>

      <p>“Long time no see, Lady Franrühle. I heard you were inducted into the highest-order band of knights in Whoseyards. Congratulations.”</p>

      <p>“Snow! I did hear you’re on leave from the academy and doing guild work at the moment, but...didn’t you tell me you’re not interested in Sir Sieg?!”</p>

      <p>“It just worked out this way.”</p>

      <p>“It... It just worked out that way, you say?! If that’s all it took to be with Sir Sieg, I wouldn’t be going through these pains!”</p>

      <p>From the sound of it, they were academy acquaintances. Snow was more at ease with her than the other nobles, so I stayed quiet and let her handle it.</p>

      <p>However, Pelsiona saw this quarrel was unbecoming of the ball. “Enough, Fran. That gentleman isn’t Sieg.”</p>

      <p>“Sir Sieg! It’s me! Franrühle Hellvilleshine! You helped me with an academy assignment! Do you remember me?!”</p>

      <p>“I said, that’s enough,” said Pelsiona, grabbing her by the collar from behind.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>