<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: The Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball</h1>

      <p>The morning following the night of the feast, we returned to the Dungeon Alliance by way of <em>Connection</em>. Today was the day before the Brawl. There was a bunch of follow-up work to do after the dragon quest, but I slipped away from Epic Seeker after stating that I had something important to attend to. Now at a deserted, vacant lot on the outskirts of town, I followed through on what I’d decided the day before.</p>

      <p>“Can I break it?”</p>

      <p>I took out the Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword from my inventory and pressed the blade against the bangle. This was a weapon that could slice through Crystal Golems. It should be possible to break the bangle, no matter what the thing was made of. I put all my strength into the sword and tried my best to cut clean through it, but the bangle remained unscathed. It wasn’t that the sharpness of the sword was beat out by the hardness of the bangle; it was that the sword’s wielder stayed their hand right before it <em>could</em> cut it. My body was betraying me.</p>

      <p>“Tch!”</p>

      <p>I poured all my strength into it again, but the bangle emerged without a scratch on it, and no matter how many times I tried, the result was the same. Like some jinxed artifact, the bangle just wouldn’t go away. In fact, I could feel my own physical condition worsen whenever I tried so hard to destroy it, like it was hurting <em>me</em>. Nausea and fatigue attacked me, as though to rid me of the energy I needed to fight against it. Was this a curse?</p>

      <p>“Damn! I knew it!”</p>

      <p>While I’d seen it coming, it still rattled me considerably. Up until now, I’d been under the optimistic impression that I could destroy the bangle whenever I so chose, but in reality, it was indestructible even if I had every intention of smashing it.</p>

      <p>“All right, it’s no use. Next order of business.”</p>

      <p>I had to put that behind me and move on. I’d thought about things quite carefully the day prior, so I’d braced myself for this possibility. I speed-walked back to Epic Seeker and sneaked into the Dungeon using the <em>Connection</em> portal in my office, unnoticed by anyone. Then I traveled to Floor 11 in search of monsters.</p>

      <p>When you had sufficiently high attack power, any mook was fine. I walked around the floor, impelled by frustration and impatience. I soon found a monster resembling a gorilla that seemed easy enough to handle and approached it unarmed. The monster, having come upon some prey, bellowed and attacked.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Dimension: Calculash.</em>”</p>

      <p>I now understood everything about all the space around us. I stood in place, my will unyielding; I lifted up my bangled arm to defend against the monster’s brawny smashing arm. And the very next moment, the monster was rent in two. Cold sweat dripped down my forehead as I watched the slain beast fade into light. My previously empty hand was gripping a sword without me even realizing it. I knew what had happened. <em>Dimension</em> let me in on it. The series of events leading up to that moment was in my memory banks. Right before the gorilla thing could actually strike the bangle, I’d gotten hit by an emotion I couldn’t identify, compelling me to pull a sword from my inventory and instantly slash the enemy. There was nothing more to it than that.</p>

      <p>“I can’t even have a monster destroy it for me?”</p>

      <p>That unsettling discovery left me shivering. I analyzed the unidentified emotion that had driven my actions. In that moment, what I felt was terror. A fear that I might lose something extremely important to me. That was what had caused me to unconsciously slaughter the enemy before it could break the bangle. I understood that. I understood it was fear, but I had no earthly clue <em>why</em> that emotion had stirred within me. It was as though I was holding this stupid bangle on the same level of importance as my sister. But how could that be? How could this obnoxious burden of a bangle be as precious to me as her? It couldn’t. That I could be sure of. And it was proof positive that my emotions had been tampered with, toyed with. They defied my conscious will.</p>

      <p>Once I realized that, a dormant emotion roared to life—the wrath I felt over being played like somebody’s puppet. One of Reaper’s remarks sprang to mind: <em>“Don’t toy with people’s fates.”</em></p>

      <p>The true meaning of those words was clear to me now. At long last, the cells in my body and I understood each other. My hands balled into fists of fury, blood dripping from my palms. I tried straight up punching the bangle—only to veer away from it. Instead, my fist hit my elbow, sending pain shooting through my body.</p>

      <p>“Fuck! Let’s try this again. I’ll just go harder this time!”</p>

      <p>Once more, I steeled my resolve. I swore that this time, I wouldn’t move a muscle, no matter what. So I hunted for another monster and found a number of the same type, allowing myself to be surrounded.</p>

      <p>“Come at me!”</p>

      <p>The gorilla-like creatures swung their arms at me from every direction. Determined to take all of their blows on the chin, I attempted to bring the bangle up to block one of their flying punches. The monsters pummeled me and pummeled me and pummeled me, and I stood there and ate it. But the bangle was the sole place that never got attacked. The sole part of my body that moved out of the way, despite my intentions.</p>

      <p>“Grah! Urgh!”</p>

      <p>However much punishment I subjected my body to, it would always work against my will to protect the bangle and only the bangle. A blow to the head made my vision falter. My abdomen got slashed up, and my consciousness ebbed. Hits to the arms and legs rendered me unable to move with any speed. But through all that, the bangle was undamaged. Knowing that at this rate I would die, I had no choice but to cut down the monsters encircling me. During the light show that followed their deaths, I wiped away my dripping blood, fetched a healing item from my inventory, and stanched the bleeding.</p>

      <p>“So that’s not gonna work either, huh? All right, next.”</p>

      <p>I dragged my wound-riddled body back to Epic Seeker through the <em>Connection</em> portal on the tenth floor, wasting no time casting <em>Layered Dimension</em> from my office to look for a heavy hitter who could break through my involuntary last-minute defense. First, I spotted Lorwen, who was walking around town. I met up with him and brought him to the first vacant lot. He was a little taken aback, but he followed me anyway.</p>

      <p>“Lorwen, could you break this bangle for me?”</p>

      <p>Upon hearing my very direct plea, and seeing all my bruises, he inferred what was going on. I could tell by the way he grimaced.</p>

      <p>“The bangle? But why? Why now?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve finally realized that I can’t abide the lies. Reaper taught me that lesson.”</p>

      <p>“R... Reaper did?” he asked, surprised. He must not have been expecting her name to come up.</p>

      <p>“I’m trying to get all my memories back, man. If anything, I’m doing all this too late.”</p>

      <p>Lorwen was my friend; I made my wishes known without dressing them up in any way. But his expression was dour. It was quite dour, in fact.</p>

      <p>He averted his eyes. “Sorry, but...I can’t. That’s the one thing I can’t do.”</p>

      <p>“You can’t?”</p>

      <p>“After I noticed how out of sync your body and spirit are, I went and asked Rayle Thenks about it. And he probably told me more than he told you.”</p>

      <p>It was my turn to be taken aback. But I sensed that he, too, was being up front with me, as my friend. I hadn’t minced my words, and he wasn’t mincing his either.</p>

      <p>“And after I heard what I heard, I came to the conclusion that you shouldn’t take it off. I’m of the same opinion as him. I think you’re better off not getting your memories back. You’ll be way happier on this path. <em>Everybody</em> can find happiness this way.”</p>

      <p>I frowned. “Lorwen! Even if I’d be happier this way, I think there are things you just shouldn’t tolerate. A happiness that’s borne of lies is a mistake. Even without my memories, I know my past self is pissed. That’s why I’m gonna get my memories back, whatever it takes. I’ve gotta remember as soon as possible!”</p>

      <p>“No, you can’t! If you take that bangle off, there’s a good chance you’ll be unable to grant my wish. I’m sure you’ll end up not having time to think about me. So I’m not gonna help you do that. I don’t wanna!”</p>

      <p>His voice was feeble. And if I wasn’t misreading things, he was ashamed of himself for giving me the thumbs down for his own selfish reasons.</p>

      <p>“That’s not true! I’ll still help you with working through your regrets! I swear I will, memories or no memories!”</p>

      <p>“You don’t know that. Not without your memories back. There’s no knowing what you’ll do once you do remember. And as long as that’s true, I choose how you are now.”</p>

      <p>“You’re the one who told me my heart and body are out of sync! Do you honestly believe it’s fine if I stay that way, Lorwen?!”</p>

      <p>“That’s... I...”</p>

      <p>From how tongue-tied he was, I could tell he didn’t actually think that was an okay thing to do to me, but I could also tell it was something he couldn’t give ground on. I leaned in to press him further, but he interrupted me.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Kanami. Just, hold off until after the Brawl’s over.” Lorwen was clearly aware that what he was saying didn’t hold water, but he was trying to get me to go with what he wanted regardless. He summed up his thoughts briefly and succinctly. “Look, the Brawl just suits our purposes in every way. By going there, I can check and see. And I’ve got a hunch that by surpassing you, I can become a real hero. If you’ve still got that bangle on, I can be sure you’ll fight me at full strength, ’cause you’ll come at me wanting to learn everything. You made that sort of deal with Rayle Thenks, didn’t you? That’s why I don’t wanna destroy the bangle. I can’t afford to.”</p>

      <p>“Lorwen...do you wanna be a ‘hero’ bad enough to do all that?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. That’s my dream. Ever since I was a kid, it’s the only thing I’ve wanted. It’s what I’ve wanted since a thousand years ago... A thousand years...” he replied, feeling the pressure something was exerting on him. Then he started shouting. “If I give up on it now, I’d be selling my whole life down the river! If I don’t fulfill the earnest wish of the Arrace Clan, I’ll stop knowing why I was even born!”</p>

      <p>He looked so tormented as he shouted all that. He couldn’t even put on a brave front and smile like Reaper and I could; he was scowling. I could sort of understand why we were different that way. Reaper and I, we knew that our desires were wrongheaded. Lorwen, on the other hand, couldn’t accept that his was too.</p>

      <p>“How’re you ever gonna work out your attachments when you’ve got that bitter look on your face? I bet that even if you did become a so-called hero, it wouldn’t help you... No, it’ll take something else to save you. Even I know that much, as I am now.”</p>

      <p>Lorwen shook his head quietly. “That may well be...but I remember now. I remember that it’s the destiny of the eldest son of the Arrace Clan. That I was born to become a hero.” He took a step back. “The Brawl’s a day away...and Epic Seeker received a notice stating that participants need to congregate at Valhuura by the end of today. I’m headed there now. Let’s meet at the tournament, Kanami... That’s where it’ll all be settled.”</p>

      <p>I thought about it. One option sprang to mind. An option that would decide everything right then and there. If I was thinking only about myself, I could choose to take down the Guardian of Floor 30 on the spot, then have Mr. Rayle give me back my memories. On the other hand, I was loath to just jump on the path that had been laid out for me. I figured if I did as they wanted me to do, I’d end up on the losing end. So I decided to do as Lorwen desired. I’d let the Brawl be where we fought it all out.</p>

      <p>“All right, got it.”</p>

      <p>With that, Lorwen turned his back to me and strode off. He didn’t look as frail as he once did. Before, he was riding the line, but before I knew it, he was shrouded in thick magic energy. With the Brawl right around the corner, his obsessions, and with them, his strength, had returned.</p>

      <p>What was it the man <em>truly</em> regretted, though? Not becoming his concept of a hero? I highly doubted it. No, it wasn’t glory or prestige that Lorwen needed. Even before the dragon quest, I’d sensed that vaguely, but that quest had removed any doubt. Even so, he’d still pursue it. I didn’t know whether he wanted it for the sake of the Arrace Clan or for some acquaintance from his prior life, or to fulfill some sort of promise. What I did know was that he was aiming to take the tournament for somebody other than himself. He was too kind to be doing it for himself.</p>

      <p>If nobody stopped him, he’d keep making the mistake of going down this path. And I got the ominous feeling that I was the only one who could put an end to it. I felt as though that was the duty and the obligation of the one who had made it to Floor 30.</p>

      <p>That being said, it was still beyond my power. As I’d realized back with Reaper, I couldn’t do anything for anybody until I resolved my own issues. How could I possibly guide someone on the correct path when I couldn’t even remember what was truly important to me?</p>

      <p>I had to get the bangle destroyed somehow, not only for my sake but for Lorwen’s. I deployed <em>Dimension</em> and searched for the girl I had put off until last. I was apprehensive about it, but there was no other choice now. I didn’t know anybody else who might be able to break the thing. So I started walking toward Epic Seeker, where Snow was.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>I let myself into Snow’s room, and she welcomed me delightedly. She made me some tea with unpracticed hands and asked how I was feeling, the smile never once leaving her face. But due to what she’d said on the night of the ball, I couldn’t see that smile as real. She was simply fawning over me because she wanted the easy life. And now that I understood that, my heart could only grow colder and colder.</p>

      <p>Looking for a topic of conversation, Snow showed me the scarves she had knitted earlier. She also took out the knitting and sewing tools, and actively made an effort to share her hobby. There was loads I wanted to say, but for now, there was something more important I had to ascertain. I steeled my resolve and broached the subject. Just as I had done with Lorwen, I asked for her cooperation in destroying the bangle without mincing words. And just like Lorwen, she grimaced.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“I’m gonna suppress the urge to the very last second. I want you to use all your strength to destroy the bangle.”</p>

      <p>The second she heard the word “bangle,” she smiled again. The room fell completely silent for an instant, and we stared at each other—before she averted her eyes and muttered, voice trembling. “I... I don’t wanna.”</p>

      <p>This was the girl who’d advised me to break it the day I met her, so I’d held on to the faint hope that she might gladly oblige me. That hope was dashed now, and Snow continued to shake her head.</p>

      <p>“You can’t! You absolutely can’t!” She stared at the ground, shaking her head like a little kid.</p>

      <p>The apprehension I felt regarding Snow for some time had proved to be on the mark. I had hoped it was only an unfounded worry.</p>

      <p>“You can’t give me that!” she shouted. “After all we’ve been through, you drop that on me now?! If I break that bangle, you’ll pull out of Epic Seeker! I know it! You’ll leave Laoravia! And I can’t imagine how I’ll get through life without you! I won’t do it! I refuse!”</p>

      <p>“S... Snow...”</p>

      <p>I was blown away. She was desperate. Frantic. The girl who’d been such a lazy bones was now struggling like her life depended on it. And that was enough to leave me speechless.</p>

      <p>Her lips curved into a crooked smile. “Hey, Kanami...is the way things are really that bad? I mean, what else do you need? You’ll get status, you’ll get glory, you’ll get money and safety. You’ll get everything. What could top that? I’m begging you, stop. Just...stop.”</p>

      <p>I immediately replied with the words I’d lined up beforehand. “Snow, I can’t hold with the status quo. It’s the truth that I need...because the hidden truth might just be more precious to me than my own life. So I’m destroying this bangle.”</p>

      <p>“Hee hee.” A forced giggle. “I’ll make a great wife! I swear I’ll be a good wife to you, so stay the way you are, Kanami! The way you are now is the Kanami I want! Let’s live this lie together, forever! Please, Kanami! Don’t you see?! Here’s a world where we can all find happiness!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’m sure we would be ‘happy.’ So I hear, anyway. But that won’t do. Snow, you just said we’d be living a lie. And personally, I can’t accept a life like that, <em>knowing</em> it’s a lie. I can’t afford to mistake what I <em>truly</em> want anymore!” I said, borrowing the words of the ghost girl who had set me back on the right path.</p>

      <p>“I want to live the sweet lie, Kanami... I wanna be lied to forever and ever. So please, embrace the lies with me. Please.”</p>

      <p>I shook my head calmly. “I’m sorry. I can’t do that.”</p>

      <p>Faced with the firmness of my determination, her expression changed. “In that case, just wait a little bit longer! If you save me by winning the Brawl and becoming a true hero, that’s all I really—”</p>

      <p>After hearing the word “hero” come out of her mouth, I communicated to her the conclusion I’d come to the night before. “I can’t do that either, Snow. However much you scream out for one, a hero who’ll conveniently solve your problems will never come. Not ever, Snow.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh? The... The hero won’t come?”</p>

      <p>“I can’t become some fairy-tale hero. I know now that path is the wrong one...which is why the hero you’re looking for will never appear.”</p>

      <p>Maybe it would’ve been better to wait until after I’d already regained my memories to tell her that, but I couldn’t keep myself from trying to get her to see reason. I wanted her to become aware of my true desires before the Brawl began, if possible.</p>

      <p>She started sobbing, tears welling up in her eyes. My heart twinged, but I kept my cool.</p>

      <p>“I’ve discovered what I truly want. I still can’t remember anything, but I know there’s no way my real wish can be anything else. I’m gonna take back my memories, and with it, the truth. And I’m not gonna let him toy with anybody’s hearts. Not anymore. So I ask you to walk the right path too. We’re gonna grant <em>your</em> wish, not the wishes of the Walker Clan.” Once again, I was echoing what Reaper had told me.</p>

      <p>She fell to her knees, her legs splayed out and her hands covering her face. “Ah... Aughhh, Kanami... My Kanami...”</p>

      <p>“No. I’m not ‘your’ Kanami.”</p>

      <p>Her eyes still cast downward; she started laughing hoarsely. “Ha, ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha. I knew it. It’s no use. It’s no use if it’s <em>me</em>.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t want her misunderstanding, so I disabused her of that notion. “You may like me as a ‘hero,’ Snow, but I’ll never like that fakey version of me...and we were probably never gonna gel from the very beginning.”</p>

      <p>“I get it. You hate me...and now you’re telling me to get married to Elmirahd.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not what I’m saying! <em>You</em> have to decide who you marry, Snow. It’s not anything for <em>me</em> to decide!”</p>

      <p>Nobody should have to go through with a marriage reluctantly. And marrying just because it made things easier that way was a mistake.</p>

      <p>“But... But Kanami! Palinchron told me you’d decide for me! He told me you’re the only one who can show me the way! He... He <em>told</em> me...”</p>

      <p>I wanted her to be like Reaper and search for what <em>she</em> wanted out of life. “Don’t just believe what you’re told. Think for yourself and believe only in what you decide yourself.”</p>

      <p>No dice. After hearing those words, she displayed the same look of pure despair Lorwen had. “I... That’s not possible for me... It’s too hard. Palinchron...” she murmured feebly. “Kanami’s tossed me aside...and just like always, nobody’s coming to save me. Nobody! Nobody’s coming! Waaaahhhh!!!”</p>

      <p>“Stop waiting for someone else! Figure out what you want your own damn self! Rescue your own damn self! You have that power, Snow! You need to get serious and live for yourself!”</p>

      <p>I wanted her to move forward on her own two legs, like me and Reaper.</p>

      <p>“That’s not something I’m capable of,” she replied, without giving it a second of thought. Her expression was hollow, her voice detached. “This sucks. I put in a little effort, and this is how I’m rewarded. Get serious and live life for me? Get real. Do you understand how miserable this is? I wanted you, I honestly wanted you, and then you discarded me. It’s so miserable it makes me wanna die. I hope you know that. I knew it—I should’ve never put in any effort. It would’ve been so much better if I hadn’t... ’Cause whenever I ‘get serious,’ I get seriously <em>hurt.</em>”</p>

      <p>She got closer to me, calling my name, hoping I’d change my mind.</p>

      <p>“Kanami... It hurts so bad, Kanami... C’mon, do something. Anything. I don’t wanna do anything anymore. I don’t wanna make any more choices. I don’t wanna think about anything... Please, Kanami...”</p>

      <p>She extended her arm and tried to cling to me. Her pathetic whimpering had me aghast. I’d misjudged her—her spirit was far, far weaker than I could have imagined. Without a rock to cling to, the girl called Snow Walker couldn’t even walk on her own two feet. But that didn’t mean anything about her would change if I lent her a helping hand. It would just be the same shit over and over again. Her heart would get even more frail. So I distanced myself from her. I retreated to a spot where she could never reach me and took a deep breath to calm my nerves before imparting some final words.</p>

      <p>“I’ve chosen my own path. I’d be delighted if you did likewise.”</p>

      <p>Then I turned my back to her, opened the door, and exited the room without looking back.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Kanami...” I heard her say from behind.</p>

      <p>Her voice was quivering, but it was important that I not look back. It was my fault she’d gotten this weak. I’d spoiled her too much. Thanks to my presence, she had ended up putting all her hope-eggs in a basket that was never really there. It was never going to end any other way. If I spoiled her any more, she’d probably permanently lose the ability to decide anything for herself. From here on out, if I ever lent a hand to her again, it would only be after she made some decision under her own power. As heartrending as it was, I ignored her and put her room behind me.</p>

      <p>I thought to myself as I walked around the interior of the guild. There was no longer anybody within my circle who might be able to break my bangle. The next strongest guild member, Mr. Vohlzark, couldn’t even scratch me. I had no choice but to find some other sufficiently strong person. Luckily, it would be a piece of cake to find strong people. That very day, people with confidence in their skills would be gathering from all over the world. My only option now was to join them at Valhuura and participate in the Brawl. But I had someone to talk to before I could head off. I walked straight to the top floor of Epic Seeker and opened the door to the room.</p>

      <p>“Morning, Maria.”</p>

      <p>I did my best to put on this smile for the girl I wasn’t sure was my sister.</p>

      <p>“Ah, Kanami...”</p>

      <p>She was sitting in bed, and her face turned toward me. Just looking at her made love spring in my mind. Yet the chances were good that this black-haired girl was not my sister. In fact, I could be sure she wasn’t. All the circumstantial evidence corroborated that fact. As such, I could only conclude that this surge of affection stemmed from the bangle. If my very memories had been manipulated, instilling such things in me must have been easy as pie. I suppressed the emotions welling within and informed her that I’d be away for a while.</p>

      <p>“I’m sure you’ve already heard, but starting today, there’s this Brawl event happening. And I’m participating as a representative for Laoravia.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I have heard. I’ll be here, waiting. I wouldn’t even be able to spectate, my eyes being the way they are, so I’d just get in the way.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, guess so.”</p>

      <p>I wondered about the true identity and background of this blind little girl. For a moment, I entertained the notion that she might be a brilliant actress who was in league with Palinchron, but then I remembered she was wearing a bangle too. In all likelihood, she was in the same pickle I was.</p>

      <p>I was worried about her bangle. If I destroyed it, she would remember her true self again, but while there was a good possibility that would lead to some new information for me, that was ground I couldn’t tread. After all, she hadn’t come to the determination I had. I hesitated to make her recall memories of whatever horrid tragedy had befallen her through nothing more than my own judgment call. It was the same problem as with Reaper and the rest—regaining my memories had to come first.</p>

      <p>I kept my smile on. “All right, then; I’ll be back in a few days. See you, Maria.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, you’re leaving already?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’ve got some urgent business to take care of. Sorry.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Then it can’t be helped. See you, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>She was reluctant to part, but I didn’t even know if those feelings of hers were genuine or artificial. I couldn’t have fun chatting up a storm with her. Not anymore. So I kept our conversation on the short side, and with that, I exited the room.</p>

      <p>Scowling, I walked around Epic Seeker once again. Then a guild member handed me the documents addressed to the guildmaster pertaining to the Brawl. The papers contained information about the Brawl and where my accommodations were located. I’d be staying the night at a first-class cabin inside a high-end luxury hotel-ship. The cabin was on the highest floor, and it boasted a nice view.</p>

      <p>I also looked at the full diagram of Valhuura in the documents, and its bizarre structure surprised me. I’d been under the impression that it was one big ship, but I’d been mistaken. Apparently, whenever it came time for the Brawl, ships revered for their size gathered together from all over the Alliance. That some of them were convoy battleships went without saying, but according to the papers, there were also ships that conducted circuses or sideshows, as well as ships with restaurants in them. Even just the ships meant purely as accommodations numbered in the double digits, and since ships transporting nobles from all four corners of the world would also be coming, the total number reached staggering proportions. Since the Brawl was tomorrow, I reckoned all of the ships were already linked by chains to allow people to move between them on foot. This grand fleet with the giant theater-ship <em>Valhuura</em> at its center had to be the largest-scale fleet in the world, bar none. And from that day forward, people referred to the whole fleet collectively as Valhuura.</p>

      <p>I felt a bit excited to get the chance to walk through Valhuura, but that excitement lasted less than a second. If there had been a single person nearby I could have shared that excitement with, it probably wouldn’t have abated like that, but at the moment...I had nobody to keep me company.</p>

      <p>I walked toward the north of Laoravia. I couldn’t deny I was lonely. Up until recently, I’d been with my trio of comrades, Snow, Lorwen and Reaper. I’d thought I could treat the Brawl like a nice little vacation. But in reality, it was the opposite. We were all apart.</p>

      <p>I didn’t just feel lonely; I also felt sorry for myself. Suddenly, the thought crossed my mind: “I wonder if I would’ve handled it better if I had been that Siegfried Vizzita guy.”</p>

      <p>I was curious about who I’d been before. Siegfried the hero, the boy who adopted that silly-ass name and dauntlessly took on the Dungeon. Maybe <em>he</em> would’ve done a better job of it than me. Maybe <em>he</em> would’ve solved Snow’s, Lorwen’s, and Reaper’s woes by this time. Maybe we could’ve all been walking toward Valhuura side by side, the four of us.</p>

      <p>I shook my head. “No. <em>I’m</em> doing this. Aikawa Kanami’s doing this!”</p>

      <p>Perhaps Siegfried Vizzita had been an impressive enough dude to be able to save everyone and their mom. But it wasn’t him who held the reins right now. It was me. I couldn’t lean on some ghost of myself that wasn’t even around. If I did, I’d only be halting my own forward motion, much like Snow.</p>

      <p>To show her the correct path, I put my strength back into my feet and headed for Valhuura. I was sure they’d be there—the two people whose interests now totally aligned with my own. Without my memories, I couldn’t truly trust them as my comrades, but at least with regard to getting my memories back, I <em>could</em> trust they’d help me.</p>

      <p>Lastiara Whoseyards and Diablo Sith.</p>

      <p>I quickened my pace. I wanted the truth back, and I wanted it now.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The name of the river separating the nation of Eltraliew to the northwest and Laoravia to the southwest was the Huura. The river’s waters were beautiful and clear, and wide enough to be mistaken for the open sea. The Alliance treated it like a national treasure. The closer I got to the Huura, the more dramatically the number of people I passed increased. I had no doubt the vast majority of those folks were here for the Brawl. I even got the feeling the temperature was going up a little. These numbers were by no means fewer than the numbers of people back during that festival.</p>

      <p><em>Back during “that festival”? What festival?</em></p>

      <p>I had no recollection of what I’d just found myself thinking about. But I already understood what had caused it. It could only be a lost memory from my past self. I was used to this sensation; I shook off the headache that accompanied the sense of discomfort and kept on walking.</p>

      <p>I boarded a river skiff at a small cove at the northern edge of Laoravia. The little boat was slowly ferrying dozens of passengers toward the center of the Huura. The river was packed with so many ships, one might think a war was transpiring there.</p>

      <p>When our boat came up beside one of the huge ships in the river, ropes came falling from above, and the hull was lifted up. Evidently, this was how people boarded Valhuura. Talk about a festival with a high threshold for entry. During the other festival I couldn’t remember, one could look around for free, but one had to pay for boat passage just to enter Valhuura.</p>

      <p>I boarded Valhuura amid the crowd and scanned my surroundings. I might as well have been on dry land; the ships were packed tightly enough to leave no gaps, and the rocking was slight. That was maybe why it didn’t really sink in that I was on the water. It felt more like I’d disembarked on an island called Valhuura.</p>

      <p>On Valhuura, there seemed to be more people who were well-dressed than not. That settled it—the boat passage fee, which might as well have been an entry fee, made for a natural filter. I blotted out any festive mood I might have had and expanded <em>Dimension</em>, browsing the menus of anybody and everybody I thought looked like tough stuff. I’d probably be able to spot Lastiara and Dia in the process too.</p>

      <p>I walked around holding the papers in one hand, taking stock of the ship and the people. According to the documents, Valhuura was divided into four areas. The map indicated I was currently in the north area of ​​the fleet that was categorized by the cardinal directions. The participants of the Brawl were likewise divided into those four groups, and only the winning team in each area would get the chance to duke it out on the largest ship, the theater-ship in the center.</p>

      <p>I cast my eyes toward the center. A huge luxury liner was floating there like a fortress. The central ship, which was on another level in terms of both material and size, exuded a different air than the others. Literally—the density of the magic energy was far thicker. I figured part of the reason was that there must be a large number of magic gems in use, but even more saliently, the overall power level of the people aboard it was high.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Layered Dimension</em>.”</p>

      <p>I continued my examination, this time focusing more on the center. I still couldn’t detect Lastiara or Dia. Even people above Mr. Vohlzark’s level were quite rare. Although this was an assembly of tough guys and fearless fighters from every nation, compared to Alliance residents who made Dungeon diving their business, their degree of proficiency was low. Of course, now that I thought about it, that made sense. If they’d been <em>truly</em> confident in their skills, they’d have come to the Alliance before the advent of the Brawl.</p>

      <p>Heaving a sigh, I turned to the Brawl data documents to study the fiercest fighters. My best bet was the man bearing the title of “the strongest,” Glenn Walker. He was currently making the rounds over in the hall where nobles gathered, within the center-ship. Then again, he’d shown a low-key desire to get me and his sister hitched. Plus, he seemed to be in good with Palinchron, so chances were low he’d help me with destroying the bangle.</p>

      <p>The next potential candidate was the man bearing the title of the Blademaster, Fenrir Arrace. He was in the same hall as Mr. Glenn. At first glance, he looked almost elderly, but there could be no doubt that his body hadn’t weakened with age at all. One didn’t need <em>Dimension</em>; you could see how muscular he was through his clothes. And that sharp glint in his eyes put the fear of God in a fair few nobles. He had to be at least as formidable a force as Mr. Glenn. In all honesty, though, there wasn’t much hope to be had with him either. He was surrounded by nobles at all times, and he had numerous guards as well. Moreover, I couldn’t get him to do it for me all that easily by paying him. That wasn’t an option for people like him who were too high-status to want for money. Not that I knew how I’d even separate him from the crowd, or how I’d broach the subject if I did manage to do so.</p>

      <p>In the end, turning to Lastiara Whoseyards and Diablo Sith was my most realistic option. But unfortunately, I couldn’t seem to find them. I was searching every sector of the Huura, but they were nowhere to be found. They never did show up on Valhuura, even after it got dark out. Left with no other choice, I went to the room that had been arranged for me while keeping <em>Dimension</em> up. According to the documents, Lastiara’s team was slated for a match in the west area the next morning. I’d simply have to hit them up then and there.</p>

      <p>Disheartened by the unexpected troubles I was running into searching for them, I entered my lavish room. It was probably a room meant for guests of state, as it was filled with extremely high-end furniture that made use of magic gems. Each and every piece of furniture cost about as much as an ordinary citizen made in a year’s salary.</p>

      <p>Standing at the center of the room, I drew my sword and brought it up to the bangle. I couldn’t fritter my time away waiting for Lastiara to appear. Instead, I’d use this downtime to experiment. What if I bound and tied my whole body such that only my right hand could move freely? What would happen if I focused only on my right hand while I was in that state? I also wanted to try destroying the bangle when my consciousness was hazy from drowsiness.</p>

      <p>I took out some rope that looked strong enough to restrain me from my inventory and began to fetter my legs. I tested out every workaround I could think of while I waited for Lastiara to blip on my <em>Dimension</em> radar. But ultimately, she didn’t appear, and I was unable to break the bangle. Another day passed with nothing to show for it.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>A dull ache in my skull. I shook off the drowsiness like so much mud. When I opened my eyes, I was greeted by an unfamiliar ceiling. Upon attempting to gently raise my body, I noticed my legs were immobile. It seemed that I’d lost consciousness the previous night while pushing my experimentation to the limit. Today was the day the Brawl began.</p>

      <p>My left arm was tied to the bed; using my free hand, I quickly untied the tightly fastened rope.</p>

      <p>“If people saw me now, they’d definitely get the wrong idea.”</p>

      <p>While I was in the middle of it, I heard a knock on the door.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me. Sir Aikawa Kanami, may I have a word?”</p>

      <p>Via <em>Dimension</em>, I could tell the person standing in front of my room was one of the workers in charge of running the Brawl. I hastened to untie myself and make myself look presentable before opening the door.</p>

      <p>“Sorry to keep you waiting,” I stammered. “Aikawa Kanami speaking.”</p>

      <p>The woman, who was wearing white formal attire, bowed deeply. Her tone of voice was all business, and she kept it concise. “Sir, I have a message for you, as you will be participating in the Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, sure. Please tell me the message.”</p>

      <p>“As you are here representing the nation of Laoravia, you are exempted from having to participate in the first match. You are seeded, so to speak. As such, we ask that you come to the arena ship in the afternoon and not in the morning. End of message. We wish you the best of luck, Sir Aikawa Kanami. If you’ll excuse me.”</p>

      <p>She took her leave. As I watched her walk off, I deployed <em>Dimension</em> to gather information and grasp the time of day and the situation outside. It was bright out, a pleasant, sunshiny morning. Every ship was bustling with the Brawl’s many, many guests. Apparently, the first round was about to start. Lorwen was preparing for his match on the arena ship in the south area, which lay opposite the north (the area I was in). Reaper, meanwhile, wasn’t anywhere. Maybe she didn’t plan to participate in the Brawl at all.</p>

      <p>Snow was with Ms. Tayly of Epic Seeker, who was comforting her in the waiting room of the arena ship in the west area. Nearby was Mr. Vohlzark; he was wearing an ill-at-ease expression. As I’d been told a little while back, these three would also be participating in the Brawl as representatives of the guild. Maybe because of what had happened the day before, I was worried about Snow, but I figured that if I left her to those two, she ought to be okay for the time being.</p>

      <p>I immediately searched for the two girls again. According to the documents, Lastiara’s first match would take place in the west area. However, no amount of searching for them via <em>Dimension</em> helped; I just couldn’t find them. How could they not be here even on the first day of the Brawl? I was getting frustrated. I searched the entire fleet, but there was no sign of them anywhere. That being said, I had nowhere else to go that morning, so I decided to wait in the west area anyway.</p>

      <p>I entered the arena ship where Lastiara’s match was to be held and surveyed the vicinity. The structure of the arena ship was considerably different from the others. It was clearly built to be sturdy, and one could tell from its stateliness that it was originally a battleship. It seemed they’d remodeled the deck of a huge battleship and installed a circular arena on top of it.</p>

      <p>The structure of the arena wasn’t too different from what I’d pictured. As a whole, it was circular, with tiers of seats. At the center lay a sandy-soil stage around the size of a sports ground, and it was easily visible from every seat. If anything could be said to run counter to what I’d been picturing, it was all the decoration. The arena was adorned with gems, and looking down, I could see plenty of ley lines. That was something you didn’t see in arenas back in my world.</p>

      <p>None of the seats were empty. I arrived with little time to spare, so I had no choice but to stand. I leaned back against the wall and waited for the match to start. Lastiara was supposed to be in the first match. In just a few more minutes, it would be a loss by default for her team.</p>

      <p>Amid the din of the spectators, the clock struck the start time of the match at last. When the match didn’t start on time, the clamor of the stands grew loud. It seemed Lastiara really wasn’t in Valhuura. I had only bothered coming because I’d thought maybe she was concealing herself from <em>Dimension</em> somehow, but it looked as though I’d schlepped here for nothing.</p>

      <p>I was about to leave Valhuura to go look for them when a voice I assumed was the presenter’s resounded through the arena.</p>

      <p>“Allow me to apologize to all of you in attendance. The first match of the West Area of ​​the Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball was supposed to begin, but the team headed by Lastiara Whoseyards has not yet arrived. Therefore, after a fifteen-minute grace period, we will have to consider it a loss by default for her team and proceed to the second match.”</p>

      <p>Curious as to the workings by which that announcement was made loud enough to be heard by the throng, I carefully observed my surroundings through <em>Dimension</em>. The presenter at the center of the stage was gripping something resembling a mic stand. It was made not of metal but of gemstone. The intricately carved details intimated that it was an item infused with magic formulas, and the magic tool was connected to the ley lines that stretched across the arena. It was similar to Snow’s vibration magic. It seemed that if one possessed expensive magic tools and one or more ley lines, they didn’t need Snow’s magic. The ley lines at his feet vibrated every time he spoke. I continued to listen to his announcements as I admired how convenient it seemed.</p>

      <p>Apparently, Lastiara wasn’t immediately disqualified. There was to be a short grace period. I reckoned I might as well wait until that period was up, since there was a possibility Little Miss Bubbly would wait to show up until the last second. I decided to make use of this time by watching the matches transpiring in the other areas. <em>Dimension</em> made it possible to view the matches in all four zones simultaneously.</p>

      <p>I focused on the south area first. It was the match featuring the man who was almost certainly the strongest of all the fighters: Lorwen. The arena ship in the south had the same structure as this one, and the seating was likewise fully occupied. The match in the west area might have been delayed, but it was proceeding apace in the south.</p>

      <p>“Now then! May Round 1 of the South Area of the Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball commence!”</p>

      <p>The first match in the south was just beginning. Three people were brandishing weapons before Lorwen, who was standing there, calm and composed. I looked through the materials I had in hand to learn more about those three. Apparently, they were well-known divers, and there was a lot of cheering from the stands rooting for them. In fact, if things didn’t go great for Lorwen, he might find <em>all</em> of them were rooting for his opponents. That couldn’t be helped; as far as the people of the Alliance were concerned, Lorwen was practically an unknown.</p>

      <p>He didn’t appear to mind. He was waiting for his opponents to approach him, an amused look on his face. The three divers, meanwhile, were conscientiously making the preparations for their attack. The balance of their party could easily be gleaned from their formation and outward appearance. One of them, a man who was clearly a mage, was incanting in the back, and a man and a woman each holding a sword and shield formed a wall to protect him—a tried-and-true tactic that stuck to the fundamentals. It was a defensive formation meant to leverage large-scale magic that required long-winded incantations. In time, they’d be letting a massive spell fly at the enemy. If one went after the mage without a solid plan, his two vanguards would take the opening that presented to attack. It was a classic approach, and it suitably had few weak spots.</p>

      <p>“Then again, they’re facing Lorwen.”</p>

      <p>A sound strategy it was, but Lorwen was now so full of drive that it made me think they had no shot in hell. As usual, he had little magic energy, but his aura and sense of presence were more imposing than ever. He might even be in finer fighting form than the day we met.</p>

      <p>That faint smile still on his lips, he had no intention of taking a single step forward. This did not please the crowd; the spectators hurled abuse at him, and who could blame them? To the untrained eye, his fighting style looked foolish. So long as there was a mage incanting in the back, the more time he wasted, the more of a disadvantage it put him in. At this rate, the mage would complete his large-scale spell without Lorwen lifting a finger in his own defense.</p>

      <p>“<em>O raging wisdom! Make time bloom! Fetiality Woods!”</em></p>

      <p>With the spell now complete, dust made of light fluttered down from the man’s staff. Since I’d analyzed the spell using <em>Dimension</em>, I knew what that light-dust was. He was sowing magic seeds. This was the culmination of wood-element magic energy that had been refined with frightening meticulousness. The seeds scattered across the sandy soil of the arena, instantly blooming into vegetation that grew into huge trees whose canopy might just blot out the sky. Those countless enormous trees that could each swallow a human started writhing to life like living dolls, and they attacked Lorwen from all directions. From an ordinary person’s point of view, it’d look as though Lorwen was crushed by the overwhelming onslaught. I, on the other hand, could see him dodging all the attacks purely with his athletic prowess.</p>

      <p>Judging by his smirk as he evaded the trees’ movements, he was having fun. He eluded the tip of an incoming branch that swung right in front of his nose and leaped to dodge the thick trunk that came for him like a whip. Using the trunk he’d dodged as a foothold, he evaded yet more attacks coming from every which way. He even dodged roots that sprang up from behind to attack his blind spot, as if he could see the future. He dodged and he dodged and he dodged.</p>

      <p>It took the crowd a few seconds longer than me to understand what they were watching, and when they did, they went wild. He was aiming to win over the spectators with his pure athleticism. After taking note of the crowd’s fervor, he picked up a twig that had fallen nearby. It was one of the twigs scattered by the great big trees rubbing against one another. Gripping it firmly in his right hand, he stopped in his tracks.</p>

      <p>Needless to say, the trees rushed him. The spectators gasped and hollered. There were even some shrieks. They knew that if Lorwen stood in place, he’d get pancaked by the trees’ assault. The three divers, for their part, were smiling, certain that the match had been decided. And then, the moment everyone covered their eyes at the horrifying sight they were sure to witness—with a light slicing sound, the countless giant trees drooped to the sides. They’d all been sliced in two down the middle and were collapsing to the ground one after the other.</p>

      <p>The presenter sounded stupefied. “Huh?”</p>

      <p>Everyone in the arena shared his befuddlement. No one understood what had just occurred. The answer was simple, of course. Lorwen had used Magic Power Materialization on the twig to make it a blade and swung it lightly to make short work of the things. But he’d moved so fast and the idea was so absurd that it had left the crowd confused. Most likely, the only ones who’d been able to follow along were his “number one disciple”—me—and Lorwen himself.</p>

      <p>He strolled at a leisurely pace while the trees that had dominated the arena seconds prior were still in the process of toppling over.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>