<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1"><div class="main">
      <p>“Ah. Ah, I lost, huh? Ha, ha ha, ha ha ha...”</p>

      <p>As usual, he laughed while looking at me, or rather, at “the hero.” After hearing that declaration of defeat, my jets cooled down rapidly. I realized that I’d won the match but lost the battle. Because in the end, I’d merely brute forced a win by relying on my inhuman talents. And how could I expect people to stop seeing me as the hero if I won that way? In order for me to truly win against him, I had to use another means—my words.</p>

      <p>“I’m disappointed in myself,” he said. “Ah, to beat the hero... I truly wanted to beat you. I’ve been waiting for who knows how long. I’ve trained and trained, believing it was possible... But this is as far as I go, huh?”</p>

      <p>He regretted not being able to become the hero from the bottom of his heart. The blazing ardor he’d exhibited before the match was nowhere to be seen, and I was in a similar situation. We’d both regained our presence of mind as though we’d taken a cold shower, and various points to reflect on started coming into view. I’d gotten carried away in the heat of the moment and made that ridiculous oath, despite not having my memories back yet. I stood there, drops of cold sweat trickling down me.</p>

      <p>Elmirahd spoke, weak and out of breath. “Kanami. To you, as the hero, she might be a nobody of little importance. But take it from me, she’s a girl to be pitied... If you can, I’d like you to save her.”</p>

      <p>His attitude toward Snow was completely different from what he’d said before the match. Maybe all those lines he’d prepared beforehand were just an act to push me to get serious. In fact, maybe everything about him was just the performance he was forced to put on as the eldest son of the House of Siddark.</p>

      <p>I replied with a bitter look on my face. “I’m not the hero. All I can tell you for sure is that I was Snow’s friend and partner. And all I can do is be by her side as her ally.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know what would happen once I got my memories back. There was nothing else I could tell him with any conviction.</p>

      <p>“You truly never change, good sir hero. Just like always, we have different ways of seeing things.”</p>

      <p>“I keep telling you I’m not the hero. I’m gonna deliver the finishing blow, Elmirahd.”</p>

      <p>He started cackling. “Keh, keh heh. Heh heh heh! Heh heh, fwa ha ha ha ha ha ha!”</p>

      <p>When I glared at him, Elmirahd smiled from the bottom of his heart. It was the first innocent smile I’d ever seen on him. He fell on his back, still laughing. A posture of total surrender. It looked as though he was done with the small talk. That had to mark the end of the match. All that was left was to get confirmation from the presenter and have him call it.</p>

      <p>I sighed. “Thanks to Elmirahd, it feels like <em>I</em> lost the fight. But since I won the match, I guess I’ve got no choice but to be content... I wonder if Lastiara over in the west area was able to beat Snow?”</p>

      <p>Heavy on my feet, I shuffled over to the moderator some distance away, and he was heading my way. It seemed he’d distanced himself quite a bit due to Elmirahd’s barrage of magic. I griped and grumbled as I went to end the match—only for a thunderous roar to shake the whole venue.</p>

      <p><em>What the?!</em></p>

      <p>It was the howl of a living creature. A cry that beggared belief as it rattled everything like an earthquake. The attendees all plugged their ears. I was the only one who understood the nature of that bellow. It was the same as the one I’d heard in that abandoned castle in the west a few days prior. It was the magic energy-laden roar of a dragon.</p>

      <p>I spoke the name of the person who had probably unleashed that cry. “S-Snow?”</p>

      <p>It was certainly coming from the west area. Lastiara’s and Snow’s teams were currently fighting their match. Which meant that that roar wasn’t directed at us—and that the battle was so fierce that the ripples had made it all the way here.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>