<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1"><div class="main">
      <p>“Actually, and I’ve been meaning to say this, but do we really need to be using the formal register anymore? We’re already hitting each other with what we really mean,” I said.</p>

      <p>“That may be so, but...I see no reason to act so close to you either.”</p>

      <p>“Well, I like you. I think you’re relatively swell, and I do mean that.”</p>

      <p>“I...don’t like you,” she replied.</p>

      <p>I loved unstable and tragic people like Snow, but it seemed those feelings didn’t hit home at all, what with how readily she gave me the cold shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Can I ask <em>why</em> you don’t like me?”</p>

      <p>“I... I don’t wish to say. It’s not relevant right now, so...”</p>

      <p>I could work with that. It didn’t look as though she disliked my personality or way of life or anything. It had to be some other reason. Most likely, her reason was stupid but something she couldn’t compromise on. Something that I was standing in the way of.</p>

      <p>“What matters the most now is Kanami,” said Snow with a serious look. “He’s the sole reason I stand here today.”</p>

      <p>“I know that. For this match, we fight over...”</p>

      <p>“Kanami.”</p>

      <p>“Kanami...or I suppose, Sieg, to us.”</p>

      <p>Thus we’d reaffirmed what we’d decided beforehand.</p>

      <p>“I won’t be giving you Kanami. Not ever! He’s mine to have! Mine!!!”</p>

      <p>“Yep, that’s fine. Let’s stake this fight on that.”</p>

      <p>When I said yes, Snow’s face contorted; she glowered at us with that intense ire. It was the kind of look that could paralyze somebody with fear. I myself got the willies. Apparently, the needling of the past few days was paying off. She was seeing red now. Very red. With a smile on my face, I vigilantly assessed her condition. If she lost her composure, the match would probably become much easier.</p>

      <p>While Snow and I were staring each other down, our own axes to grind, the presenter cut in from the sidelines. “Er, uh, is this ‘Kanami’ you’re fighting over a person’s name, or...?” As always, it seemed he had a hard time talking to me.</p>

      <p>“Yes. And?” Snow, who was beside me, was averting her eyes.</p>

      <p>“Is it referring to the north area’s Aikawa Kanami?”</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>“So in other words, you two are fighting over the same gentleman?”</p>

      <p>“If you include Dia behind me, it’s actually us three, though in reality, it’s more than a mere three people who have their sights on Kanami in the Brawl. It’s downright entertaining!”</p>

      <p>Upon hearing that, his face lit up. “Wow, as presenter, I really must inform the spectators of that little tidbit.”</p>

      <p>“That’s fine by me. Break a leg. It’s loads more fun for me that way too.”</p>

      <p>For whatever reason, it was such a blast watching Kanami get drawn and quartered by the million girls pursuing him. While it was thanks to him that I was a brand new person, it seemed some of my—ahem—<em>proclivities</em> hadn’t fallen by the wayside.</p>

      <p>“What excitement, ladies and gentlemen! Do we have a match for you! It appears they’re staking the man they both hold dear to their hearts on this fight! I’d have liked to have asked that man to come to this venue, but unfortunately, he’s in the middle of a match himself! For he’s none other than Aikawa Kanami, Guildmaster of Epic Seeker and the great <em>hero</em> whose fame as a dragon slayer is spreading far and wide!”</p>

      <p>I ignored the presenter and continued talking to Snow. “Let’s do a you-lose-if-you-faint-or-can’t-go-on ruleset. Oh, and if you die, you lose, okay?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, let’s do it that way, please. I would like to take your lives during this match, if at all possible, so...”</p>

      <p>“And whoever loses promises not to interfere with what Kanami decides.”</p>

      <p>“That’s all I need.”</p>

      <p>Snow took out a large sword from her back. With one hand, she effortlessly gripped the gigantic slab of steel that was as tall as her. I also drew my blade. While this sword was one of some renown, it was a tad undependable compared to the one I used to wield: Noah, sacred celestial blade of the Church of Levahn. It could be the case that Snow’s sword would break it and remain unbroken after a clash.</p>

      <p>The presenter saw our bloodthirsty glares, and he looked distressed. “Wait, I’m sorry? Isn’t that the <em>death match</em> ruleset?! Could you perchance choose a different ruleset?”</p>

      <p>“Nope. Let us do it this way. Otherwise, Snow will never be satisfied.”</p>

      <p>“But, hm, how do I put this? If people of your stature die on us, that would put us in quite a difficult position. Say I presided over the match that let the Church of Levahn’s living god die. My life would...how do I put it...go off the rails, maybe?”</p>

      <p>“Sounds like you’re outta luck. Sorry!” I said with a radiant smile.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t budge on this ruleset. I’d been so cautious and deliberate about agitating Snow, and as such, these rules leaned in my favor. If I changed this ruleset now, any hope of conquering her would go up in smoke. I wanted Snow to suffer an injury so grievous that it’d take longer than a day to heal. And if possible, I wanted to snap her heart in two as well.</p>

      <p>“In the face of Lady Snow’s and your staggering bloodlust, there’s nothing a mere emcee like me can say. I suppose it can’t be helped. Now then, may the Epic Seeker versus Team Lastiara Whoseyards match, in this, the fourth round of the West Area of the Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball...”</p>

      <p>His head hanging, he distanced himself from us, and then...</p>

      <p>“Commence!”</p>

      <p>That instant, Snow’s head tilted, eyes glowing red. Tearing through even more of her thick clothing, azure wings projected from her back. Her entwining magic energy swirled around and swelled. The light purple energy permeated the entire arena in waves. It’d happened in the blink of an eye—the arena was now dominated by Snow’s magic energy.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, the moment the match began, I shifted to the side. The line of fire secured, Dia, who’d been behind me, and Snow locked eyes.</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Arrow!</em>”</p>

      <p>A flash of light slashed out from Dia’s hand. The beam contained a colossal amount of heat, and it traced a line faster than the eye could see. How would Snow respond to an undodgeable light-speed spell?</p>

      <p>“HAAAAAAH!!!” she bellowed.</p>

      <p>She stared it down and deflected it using the back of her hand. When the beam hit her hand, it broke off into ten-odd smaller beams, some of which threatened to hit the stands. They hit the barrier erected by the ley lines, but since this was some of the world’s strongest-ever fire magic, they left cracks there.</p>

      <p>The hired mages in charge of the spectators’ safety rushed like mad to repair them. And who could blame them for panicking? More time and money had gone into this barrier than those they used for war. It was supposed to be indestructible, even by a whole group of skilled mages, and yet some stray beams that had been deflected had caused cracks. That was some frightening stuff. I knew just how through-the-roof Dia’s abilities were. And then there was Snow, who’d blocked that attack so casually. I could see that arm was no longer human due to her draconification. Her arms were now bluer than the sky above—they were azure. Snow had repelled Dia’s magic with her hard skin and thick, bulky magic energy. The surface of her hand was a little burnt, but that was about it.</p>

      <p>“Ahhh, aughh, arghhhhh!!!”</p>

      <p>This was no ordinary roar. It was a shock wave wrapped in draconic magic energy. One could even call the roar itself elementless vibration magic. A normal person would probably faint upon hearing it.</p>

      <p>Seeing how hard the enemy’s skin was, I modified my orders. “Dia! Lower the firepower for all your arrows so they don’t leave holes in that barrier!”</p>

      <p>“O-Okay! But won’t that mean I can’t land a decisive blow?!”</p>

      <p>“That’s fine! Just back me up with rapid fire for the time being!”</p>

      <p>After Dia fired the first <em>Flame Arrow</em>, he’d fallen back a significant distance thanks to Serry’s sheer speed. Since Dia was our glass cannon, I’d have him attack from far away for the entirety of the battle. As soon as I was done issuing my orders, I broke into a run in order to slash at Snow.</p>

      <p>Snow held out her greatsword to the side in one hand, parallel with the ground. Then she flapped her beautiful wings of blue once and only once. That was all it took for her to bring all the wind in the arena under her command, transforming it into what was called draco-wind. The air wriggled and writhed as though it had a life of its own, and it tried to coil around my body. I ran through the stuff, shaking it off as I went, and I drew ever closer, intent on cutting Snow to ribbons. The attack itself was nothing more than a sword slash, but with my STR and AGI, it passed the realm of sword slash, becoming a blow that even a seasoned soldier couldn’t block.</p>

      <p>But Snow blocked it with ease using the flat of her greatsword. I rode the recoil and jumped backward—I wanted to avoid locking our swords in a contest of pure strength. My muscle strength was world-class, but now that Snow had gone all draco, she definitely took first place over me in that category, and by a wide margin. I didn’t see myself winning that way.</p>

      <p>In order to close the gap, Snow started moving. She herself didn’t have an amazing AGI stat, but the draco-wings and draco-wind were boosting her movement speed to cannon fire levels. Each of her strides was scary long. At this point, it was more accurate to call it flying than walking. She was flying within a whisker of the ground, coming toward me for an attack while roaring.</p>

      <p>“AHHHHH! RAHHHHHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>The shock wave blasted my skin even as Snow swung her very heavy sword with incredible speed. I clenched my teeth and endured the roar that made me want to cover my ears, dodging the blow. After a thunderous explosion, the ground where I had been standing was pulverized. The greatsword cut into the earth as easily as a spoon digging out the flesh of a fruit. The sediment burst like fireworks, clouds of dirt forming in the air.</p>

      <p>Not to be outdone, I tried to use the opening that the hearty blow made to mow her down with my own sword, but my swinging arm felt heavy for some reason. It was the clinging quality of Snow’s magic energy, which wrapped around my arm, and in addition to the power of the draco-wind, it threatened to push my arm back and away. As a result, before my sword could reach her, her counterattack would reach me. I had no choice but to stop attacking and concentrate on evading.</p>

      <p>Stormy gale after stormy gale swept across...and that roar! The ground beneath our feet was shattered once again, and my footing was getting less and less flat. Snow’s sword was a calamity more terrifying than any tempest. It was practically this world’s symbol for nothing-could-be-worse—a dragon—in and of itself.</p>

      <p>Snow restrained my movements with draco-wind and swung her great blade with abandon. As I parried her relentless attacks, I could see that my sword was gradually getting damaged. At this rate, it would break. I played one of the cards in my hand—if Snow meant to rush me with brute-force, then I had something up my sleeve...</p>

      <p>“Bloodspell: <em>Fenrir Arrace!</em>”</p>

      <p>I had no choice but to rely on magic. I had many cards in my hand, and I chose the one that was the opposite of the brute-force approach. When I incanted that spell, my heart started pounding, and my field of vision turned red. Just like Snow’s draconification, the back of my hand split open, and blood streamed out, evaporating into a red mist and enveloping my body. If Snow was going dragon, I guess you could say I was going human. If she was half human, half dragon, I was half magic gem, half human. My body, which had been crafted using magic gems, was now getting closer to being human—the effect of my blood magic.</p>

      <p>Over a thousand humans’ memories dwelled in my blood, but I chose those of the current Blademaster, Fenrir Arrace. This body was originally meant to house the soul of the Saint, but I was using it to perfectly recreate the strongest swordsman of the modern era. My eyes started changing from gold to a dark gray, and red hair started mixing in with my golden locks. The memories flowed in from my blood, and my body familiarized itself with a mastery of the blade I’d never attained myself. Currently, the Blademaster was nearly sixty years old, but I channeled the world’s best swordsmanship in the world’s peak body in the prime of its life. This was what the “jewelculus” planned by Pheydelt of Whoseyards and Leki of the Senate was made of. My magic specialized in transforming into <em>somebody else</em>, and this was part of it.</p>

      <p>“Snow!”</p>

      <p>Time for a counteroffensive. Instead of the self-taught swordsmanship I’d been using until now, I parried Snow’s greatsword cleanly using a finely honed technique, and then attacked with a flash of steel so skilled one might kick themselves for doubting me. Snow grimaced in surprise at this abrupt turn. And there was something besides surprise there too—in the midst of this death match, she was regarding me with <em>envy</em>.</p>

      <p>Snow swung her greatsword around and tried to shut me down with pure force. However, I dodged, parried, and sidestepped all of her attacks with my sword skills. Her blade swinging vainly through the air, my own was about to reach her, and Snow responded not with her weapon, but a roar.</p>

      <p>“<em>Impulse Howling!</em>”</p>

      <p>Dragon scales formed on her neck, and the world contorted.</p>

      <p>“Ah!!! AAHHHHHHHHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>It was barely even the voice of a living thing anymore. The bellow had turned into weaponized deadly vibration, and it warped and distorted the arenascape. The surrounding barrier trembled. The ship—no, Valhuura—no, the sea itself trembled. I put my hands to my ears. Though my body could take it, my hands flew up to protect my hearing by reflex. Snow was about to follow up by chasing us down, but then a rain of flames poured down.</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Arrow: Petalrain!</em>”</p>

      <p>Dia must have concluded that I’d been caught off guard because he backed me up from behind. Using that support, I retreated a good distance and started from square one. But the ringing in my ears was still there, like a pesky buzzing insect. Dia and Serry were likewise grimacing behind me.</p>

      <p>Snow didn’t chase after me, as I was too far away now. Instead, she glared at me with envy and resentment.</p>

      <p>“That power...it clearly isn’t <em>yours!</em>”</p>

      <p>She probably had a rough idea as to what I was doing due to how plainly my skill with the blade had improved. I knew blood magic was also one of her areas of expertise. Her grim and ghoulish magic energy turned more vicious than ever, and the rolling shock waves rocked the arena. Those waves then condensed before her eyes into a spherical shape. She flapped her wings and used draco-wind to stabilize the globe of magic energy.</p>

      <p>“Why’d it have to be you people?! <em>Dragon Ardorrrrr!!!</em>”</p>

      <p>The compression caused by the draco-wind was undone, the vibration sphere unbound. Both raging winds and vibrations strong enough to distort space came for us. Against that fiendish and brutal magic assault, I did nothing. I merely watched, unperturbed. There was nothing to fear when we were battling with magic at this distance. I had the most powerful mage in all the Alliance backing me up.</p>

      <p>“<em>Divine Wall!</em>”</p>

      <p>Thanks to Dia, a barrier of holy light unfolded right in front of me. The magic energy in the wall was so startlingly dense that it had no problem defending against the vibration spell.</p>

      <p>“Again?!” Snow cried with irritation, glaring at me with envy. As we fought, I came to understand her emotional headspace more and more. She was jealous of us, as we were fighting with the power of multiple people.</p>

      <p>“Snow, are you really that envious of me?” I asked, keeping my distance.</p>

      <p>A pause. “You’re always protected by someone. Always and every time!” she said as she formulated another vibration spell. She was trying to refine multiple vibration spheres now, but they still wouldn’t be a match for Dia’s magic. While Snow was a world-class mage, Dia simply had her beat. That gave me plenty of time to keep her talking. I figured that what I needed wasn’t to overpower her. I would win with my words instead.</p>

      <p>“Well, Kanami’s been protecting you, hasn’t he?”</p>

      <p>“What’s important is what’s to come,” she replied. “If he doesn’t <em>keep</em> protecting me in the future, it’s all meaningless.”</p>

      <p>“You want him to protect you indefinitely? When you’re this strong? I’ll be blunt: you’re not so weak that you need protecting. You’re so strong, you might just be the most powerful person in the Alliance right now. With that much power, you can manage almost everything yourself with some effort. So why’re you so obsessed with getting someone to protect you?”</p>

      <p>I was indirectly encouraging her to give up on Kanami. If I could dampen her spirits simply by talking, there was no better strategy.</p>

      <p>“If I <em>could</em> manage by myself, we wouldn’t be here. As if you could possibly understand how tough it is for a coward like me to live on my own! I don’t wanna hear it from someone so many people lavish attention on!”</p>

      <p>“On your own?”</p>

      <p>From what I remembered, she was rarely ever unaccompanied. She was always protected by one or more people from the Walker Clan or the guild. In fact, the only time she could have been alone was that rumored time she ran away from the House of Walker. I’d heard about it once about a year or two ago from Glenn.</p>

      <p>“You talking about that time you ran from the House of Walker?”</p>

      <p>A pause. “If you know about that, then please go easy on me.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know much about it, but I could sense that this had to do with the core of her mindset, so I kept going.</p>

      <p>“Uh, let’s not get ahead of ourselves, Snow. I mean, I don’t know too much about it, so...”</p>

      <p>Another pause. “It’s simple. It was impossible for me to run from the very beginning. Nobody can do anything by themselves. The House of Walker’s fully capable of sending so many pursuers that I can’t even sleep. They’d keep on scheming until I threw in the towel. And it’s just not possible to endure that. There’s just no way! How could I keep resisting when everybody keeps dying on me?!”</p>

      <p>It sounded to me like they’d used an extremely heartless method to bring her back into their little fold. I felt like I could predict the general gist of her story, and I attempted to persuade her.</p>

      <p>“You can’t be sure of that. If you’d continued standing up to them to the end, and it stopped being profitable for them, they’d have given up. What with your power, if you never gave in, I’m sure—”</p>

      <p>“And how many people would’ve died in the meantime, do you think?! Enemies and allies alike, dropping one after another! I’m strong, so I won’t die. <em>I</em> won’t die, but...the friends who fled alongside me, the people who helped me out of the goodness of their hearts, they all die so easily! Do you <em>know</em> how torturous that is?!”</p>

      <p>“And yet you still would’ve gotten away eventually if you hadn’t given up. With your power, you could even have kept everybody alive—”</p>

      <p>“It’s because I couldn’t protect anybody, and it’s because nobody would protect <em>me</em> that I’m even HERE right now!!!”</p>

      <p>She unleashed a sizable quantity of vibration magic spheres, even one of which could hit hard enough to tear a house to pieces. And now a whole load of the things were rushing around the cramped arena.</p>

      <p>“<em>Divine Arrow! Divine Wall!</em>”</p>

      <p>Dia used holy magic to cancel out Snow’s vibration magic. There were some spheres she couldn’t counter, but Serry whisked her away from those. Snow’s magic had left the ground of the arena on the verge of collapse. It looked like rough and rocky mountain terrain now, and the view was blocked by clouds of dust.</p>

      <p>Snow charged forward, slipping into the smoke screen. I instantly intercepted her sword with mine, our blades locking. Our faces were so close that we might even touch. She twitched her cute little lips and smiled pitifully.</p>

      <p>“I’m begging you, Honorable God Among Us. Please give me Kanami. He’s the only one with the strength to stay by my side. He’s the only one who’d never die on me. Far from it, he’ll be protecting <em>me.</em> You already have all the citizens who revere you, and the Sainted Apostle behind you, don’t you? So please, let me have Kanami. Pretty please. Heh heh, heh heh heh...”</p>

      <p>It was neither a polite smile nor one from the heart. What was pasted on her face was a half-baked smile so creepy it made me sweat.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What’re you talking—”</p>

      <p>“Let’s find a compromise here. If you give me Kanami, there’ll be two of us in our group, and you have the Apostle, so that’s two in your group. Two and two. That’s nice and even, don’t you think? You and Lady Sith are so strong, and you shine so bright. Everybody adores you two. Isn’t that enough? Please give me Kanami. I’m begging you! Give him to me!”</p>

      <p>What asinine logic. But I was guessing she meant it as a genuine proposal. I was beginning to understand this girl, little by little.</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Arrow!</em>”</p>

      <p>A beam of light pierced Snow’s side, blasting her away.</p>

      <p>“Enough of your nonsense, ya dumb woman!” shouted Dia.</p>

      <p>I’d expressly told him to refrain from talking to Snow as much as possible, but it appeared he’d reached the limits of his patience. Maybe that had been too much to ask of the belligerent Dia.</p>

      <p>“Snow Walker!” he continued. “You’ve got to be kidding me! If you’re just gonna sponge off Sieg for the rest of your life, then you don’t deserve him! If you want him, get strong enough to be worthy of him!”</p>

      <p>“You heard Dia. He’s very against it...and I guess I am too.”</p>

      <p>Amid the flurry of dust, Snow staggered to her feet, dragon eyes glowing red.</p>

      <p>“I’m begging and pleading so desperately, so why? Why won’t you help me?” Snow looked genuinely baffled. She honestly didn’t understand why we’d shot down her “fair” proposal. After a moment’s puzzlement, she started walking shakily toward us. “Fine, then I’m just going to kill you. I’ll get Kanami back if I have to kill you to do it. You’re giving him back to me!”</p>

      <p>Her veneer was peeling away, and her polite register of her speech was going too. Now she was saying what she wanted. It struck far more of a chord than the self-abasing polite language she’d been using up until now.</p>

      <p>“Over the past few days, I’ve been listening in on Kanami...and overhearing <em>you</em>.”</p>

      <p>It was clear to see that she no longer had any intention of negotiating. Along with a piercing bloodlust, her magic energy transformed. The waves of energy became stickier, and they clung onto everything there.</p>

      <p>“I hate you people for trying to turn Kanami back into Sieg. I <em>loathe</em> you all.”</p>

      <p>Her draconification continued, her wings swelling in size. The winds turned stronger still, and the blasted earth began to tremble. The magic energy around us told us in no uncertain terms that Snow was now truly determined to kill us.</p>

      <p>“If you die here, it was just an accident. Happens all the time in the Brawl. I don’t need you people in my world. I’m gonna sever Kanami from his past! And from everything else!!!”</p>

      <p>This was no longer a conversation; it was a declaration of war. Her bloodlust lodged itself in my skin. There was no more scope to negotiate...at least, that would be the surface read.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara! We can’t hold out any longer!”</p>

      <p>Dia was asking permission to use his magic at full strength. And the now beast-mode Serry was probably of the same opinion.</p>

      <p>“Just wait a little longer! Let me handle this, Dia, Serry!”</p>

      <p>Maybe I’d read too many hero stories, too many fantastical works of fiction. But I wanted to believe that this clash of unguarded, unvarnished feelings was the first step toward a real solution. So I tried to stare Snow down. And in the next moment, she was brandishing her greatsword right in front of me. By making the draco-wind at her back explode, she’d jumped forward with lethal speed. At the same time, the shock waves she’d generated when she’d moved also racked my body.</p>

      <p>I met her sword with my own as I endured the wind and the impact. I tried to parry it with my Blademaster sword mastery, but it wasn’t enough to fully block the sheer power. When I lost my balance, Snow kicked me. I managed to avoid it, her leg swooshing inches from my nose, and I broke out in a cold sweat. However, even though I avoided the kick, it rocked my skull regardless. It was the kick’s shock wave. Merciless, Snow attacked me again and again. She swung her sword down, slashed at me horizontally, and swung it up too, with occasional body blows and grappling techniques mixed in. I dodged it all by a hair, choosing my words instead of my sword to counterattack.</p>

      <p>“Snow! If his memories return, and he starts going by Sieg, Kanami’ll still be Kanami, you know?! You’re smart, so don’t tell me you don’t understand that! Why can’t you accept his past?!”</p>

      <p>I changed my line of argument. Kanami wanted Snow to stand on her own two legs, so I’d tried persuading her based on that, but now I realized that would definitely never convince her. This girl was a welfare case through and through. Harsh words weren’t going to reach her; I got the feeling she would never stop unless I babied her. So I kept enduring her attacks and throwing more words her way.</p>

      <p>“You’re saying you understand that if Kanami gets his memories back, he won’t choose you, right?!”</p>

      <p>Snow’s expression started stiffening. As I surmised, she had no interest in listening to sense.</p>

      <p>“Let’s say you win this match and manage to live a life fleeing from his past... Do you honestly believe he’ll never remember anything?! Do you <em>really</em> think you’ll be able to have a peaceful life and nothing will ever crop up to burst your bubble?! That’s a pipe dream! His memories are bound to come back eventually!”</p>

      <p>“Shut up! I don’t wanna hear it! As long as I make him totally mine, then...”</p>

      <p>She was furious. Just as planned. One of the fundamentals of persuasion was to get one’s opponent down. I could always pick her back up later.</p>

      <p>“What you’re doing right now’s a stopgap measure! You’re being real stupid, trying to protect an illusion that’s sure to break one day!”</p>

      <p>“But that illusion is the only way I can find happiness! It’s out of reach for me otherwise! So that’s why I...I—!!!”</p>

      <p>Snow gritted her teeth, swinging her sword with even more power now. I continually parried her blows. Her reckless and wild strikes left her with plenty of openings, so I could counterattack if I wanted to. But I could still withstand this. It wasn’t time to pull the plug.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know you very well, Snow, but I see loud and clear that you want to hang onto somebody stronger than you. I know just the thing... Blestspell: <em>Extended Growth!</em>”</p>

      <p>I poured all of my magic energy into the holy sorcery. Brimming with light, the boosting spell soaked into me from head to toe. I ignored the toll it took on my body as my physical abilities were amplified to the limit. This was an extreme and dangerous thing to do, and it wouldn’t last long. But what I needed right now wasn’t staying power. This wasn’t the Dungeon. This was a combat arena. I could go ahead and stake it all on one moment!</p>

      <p>“Snow!”</p>

      <p>“Living God, Lastiaraaa!”</p>

      <p>Using my magnified might, I brushed off her sword. This was the only window of time where I could outmuscle her. I’d overpower her, responding to her body blows with body blows, her grapples with grapples. Powerful sword strike met powerful sword strike, and devastating punch was answered with devastating punch. We gouged each other’s flesh and sent cracks into each other’s bones. When two absolute powerhouses butted heads, that was all it took to chip away at each other’s lives.</p>

      <p>Snow was bewildered, and I couldn’t blame her. A second ago, I was dealing with her using polished sword mastery, and now all of a sudden I was going with pure brawn. I saw my opening and took it, discarding my sword to grab her by the arms. Then I headbutted her in the forehead with all my strength, leaving her unsteady on her feet. Then I walloped her in the stomach with a full-power flying knee strike, and we got into a tangle and fell to the ground. I had her pinned. Our faces got closer again, so much so that our lips might touch.</p>

      <p>“Well?! Am I strong enough for ya?!”</p>

      <p>For a moment, Snow was dumbfounded. Then she pulled herself together and attempted to shake me off. I brute-force restrained her, whispering softly as I stared at her.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Snow. How about <em>I</em> be the one?”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>Snow’s power slipped a bit. Phew. My holy magic-induced strength was temporary; if Snow had kept pushing through, she would have broken my grasp eventually. This was my last attempt to convince her, so I chose my words carefully. It was time to pick her back up.</p>

      <p>“If you want someone to protect you that bad, then I’ll be your hero! I’ll be the one to save you!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, you? The living god? Become the hero?”</p>

      <p>“Yep! I’m not a wuss like Kanami. I’ve got a case of hero-itis and I’ve got it <em>bad!</em> I think I’d do a better job of helping you than Kanami would anyway!”</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s obviously never gonna work... You’re completely different from that whole thing. You’re too perfect, too much of a living god; there’s no way you’ll ever be seen as the hero. Nobody’s gonna think of you as fitting that role!”</p>

      <p>“Ah, don’t sweat it. I’m gonna quit being a stupid old ‘living god’ sooner or later! You can rest easy; I’m planning to become the hero as just a regular old human named Lastiara! And you’ll be the first damsel in distress the hero Lastiara ever did save. If you ask me, you can consider things sorted!”</p>

      <p>“Hey, hold on, wait up! Why’re you doing this for me?”</p>

      <p>Snow’s might ebbed from her body. It was plain to see that the abrupt helping hand had left her confused.</p>

      <p>“Because I’ve totally come to like your sorrowful wailing! I mean, c’mon, the hero always crosses paths with the distressed and unfortunate! I can’t go without a tragic heroine to save! You and me, we were made for each other! I’m thinking we’re SUPER compatible!”</p>

      <p>I knew it; to get Snow to listen, just pamper her. I could practically taste my words reaching her.</p>

      <p>“That may be true,” she stammered, “but I feel like that’s just not gonna work for me. Something about it’s...”</p>

      <p>“I’ll kidnap you from the House of Walker! Anything you don’t want to have to decide on, I’ll make all those choices <em>for</em> ya! I’ll drive off your pursuers for ya too! I promise you’ll have both safety and freedom! I’ll destroy anything and everything that gets in the way of your dream! I don’t mind if the repercussions fall entirely on me either!”</p>

      <p>Snow sobbed a little, her face flushing red as she averted her eyes. It looked as though I’d hit the jackpot—as was to be expected of the lines that had saved <em>me</em> once upon a time. If I just transferred her codependency on Kanami to <em>me</em>, that would tie a bow on this whole mess.</p>

      <p>“I... I can’t! I could never go with that. You wouldn’t be a <em>true</em> hero. And most importantly, I can’t even trust you!”</p>

      <p>Yet still she rejected the idea. From the look of it, while she did see some appeal in my proposal, <em>something</em> within her wasn’t happy with it.</p>

      <p>“I’ve got my reasons for rescuing you, Snow! I’d do it to advance to the next round! And for Kanami and Dia’s sakes! And ’cause it sounds right up my alley! So trust in me!”</p>

      <p>“It’s... It’s no good... I can’t accept!”</p>

      <p>“But why?! Tell me, Snow!”</p>

      <p>She was trembling, grimacing. “Why? I... I wonder myself. I just want Kanami to save me. Not you, Lady Lastiara, but <em>him</em> specifically. But... But why is that? Why do I want him to be the one?”</p>

      <p>I’d tried emulating Kanami, but it appeared as though that still wasn’t enough. Snow and I lacked the bond that Kanami and I used to have, which was why it was close but no cigar. But although I hadn’t crossed the finish line, I <em>had</em> paved a path to it. Snow had found a convenient avenue of escape that had popped up out of nowhere, and she was feeling an emotion she’d never felt before, so she didn’t know what to do. Using that as my opening, I concentrated on drawing her focus away from the battle. Now was the time to tell her what everybody and their uncle had realized but her... This had gotten a bit <em>fun!</em></p>

      <p>“Gotcha. So you do just like him, then. You like Kanami.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>Snow looked flabbergasted. And that clinched it for me. Because of her personality, I’d had a hunch she wanted to get married to Kanami not because she liked him, but because it’d make things easy for her. Judging from her reaction, she herself must have been thinking the same thing. But that wasn’t the case. It couldn’t be. Not when she was <em>this</em> fixated on him. Snow was a little like me, albeit in a different direction. That was why I could interpret her psyche.</p>

      <p>Snow’s heart was childish. Physically, she was big and stronger than anybody else, but her heart hadn’t done any growing up. Ever since the day her despair began, her heart had stopped maturing, frozen in time. Like me, she was a little kid in a too-big body. Which was why she could go on without realizing the nature of her own feelings.</p>

      <p>“I’m saying you must...you know, <em>like</em> him. I’m guessing that’s the reason you won’t pick me over him. Tell me if I’m wrong, but you wanna be saved by the good-looking and nice hero, just like in a hero tale, right?”</p>

      <p>“No, you’re... That can’t be...”</p>

      <p>“All right, then explain why you’re so dead set on him.”</p>

      <p>“That’s... It’s because he ticks all the boxes, that’s all. There’s just no way. I just wanna make him mine because it’s a convenient way to make life easy. He’s so weirdly strong, I wanna use that to my advantage...”</p>

      <p>Her resolve was feeling the pressure. Something beyond merely fighting for herself had been thrown in the mix, and her conviction wavered. She desperately refused to allow anybody else to enter her self-centered world. But that wasn’t something she <em>could</em> refuse, really. Maria and I had been that way too.</p>

      <p>“I’m trying to <em>use</em> him, nothing more,” she continued. “Kanami’s strong, and kind, and he indulges me, and he’s dependable, but he’s also full of weak spots, and he’s conve...nient... Wait, am I...”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, all that? That’s what people call liking somebody. Honestly, I only just found out myself.”</p>

      <p>Snow’s draco-form started falling away. It couldn’t be clearer that her thoughts were flying away from the battle toward something else entirely.</p>

      <p>“I... I <em>liked</em> him, all this time?” she murmured as she shook her head in disbelief.</p>

      <p>Her muscles relaxed more and more; fighting was far from her mind now. And I wasn’t one to let this opportunity slip.</p>

      <p>“You’re wide open!”</p>

      <p>I kneed her in the stomach, hitting her where it hurt—where her organs were already damaged from my flying knee strike earlier. Her body tensed up from the acute pain, and I used that opening to spin to her back. Now we were both on the ground, with Snow above me. I wrapped my arm around her neck in a choke hold, intending to knock her out.</p>

      <p>“Guh—haugh?!”</p>

      <p>Snow tried to muster her strength again, but I was there, whispering in her ear, “Think about it, Snow. If you like him, you’ve gotta think about what he wants too, not just what you want. Otherwise he’ll hate you. I think you should understand the fear of having a crush.”</p>

      <p>“The... The fear of having a crush?”</p>

      <p>This was her first time feeling this way, so she was surprised and confused. Until now, she never balked at being disliked by somebody if it meant she got what she wanted. She was under the extremely troublesome impression that she was all that mattered. But now I’d slapped her with a ball and chain. I’d imposed the kind of constraint that everybody naturally operated with: the fear of being disliked by someone you liked. An emotion that was slightly on the adult end of the spectrum. And now that she felt it, her determination faltered, her strength dulling with it.</p>

      <p>Naturally, I kept my choke hold on her the entire time. Snow’s doubt and hesitation had given me plenty of time to bring her down. She groaned as the last of her strength left her body. It seemed I’d knocked her out cold.</p>

      <p>I gently picked her up and declared, “Aaand I win! Even though that victory was a bit dirty and hollow!”</p>

      <p>As I’d made sure to keep our fight on the emotional plane, this “victory” didn’t feel great, but I did feel it was a necessary evil, considering what would result from it. Without sowing those seeds of doubt in her, even if she lost, she might have come to attack us in the night in her desperation, despite depleting her magic energy through her blood magic and despite the damage to her bones and organs. I figured that the doubt my words had instilled in her would do wonders to bind her actions.</p>

      <p>“Phew. I guess the next problem’s the Guardian’s match. I’d love it if it gave him a world of trouble...”</p>

      <p>Carrying Snow in my arms, I headed to the presenter, who’d evacuated to the edge of the arena. I needed to show him that she’d fainted and get him to acknowledge my triumph forthwith. It’d been a tad suspenseful, but we could claim Round 4 as a total victory.</p>

      <p>As I talked across the ruined arenascape, I heard voices from far in the south. South of these riled-up stands. They were probably coming from the arena ship the Guardian, Lorwen Arrace, was fighting on.</p>

      <p>“Cheers. Or no, maybe jeers?”</p>

      <p>I could hear the voices clearly, even from so far away. That was how loud they were, though it did take my exceptionally good hearing to be able to make it out. At Lorwen’s match, the crowd was absolutely losing it.</p>

      <p>That filled me with unease; I turned my attention to my two companions behind me, and they legged it over. They must have been thinking that whatever had happened, we needed to join back up with Kanami as soon as possible, and I agreed. In order to end the match posthaste, we quickened our pace even more, and so ended Round 4 of the Brawl for us.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The Round 4 matches in both the north and west areas went as expected; I and Team Lastiara had advanced. In addition, I heard Lorwen had won the south area match too. It seemed that in the next match, the semifinals, I would be facing Team Lastiara, while Lorwen would square off against the team representing the nation of Vart.</p>

      <p>I joined back up with Lastiara’s group, and the first thing I asked about was Snow’s safety. Lastiara told me that she was seriously injured and had been sent to the hospital, but she wasn’t dead. I deployed <em>Dimension</em> for a fleeting moment, and I could see she was on a ship with hospital facilities, lying in bed and wounded all over. Even after being tended to with healing magic, she wasn’t going to heal completely overnight. Snow being immobilized for the night was certainly convenient for us, but we couldn’t let our guard down. The way she was now, she might go so far as to drag her grievously wounded body somewhere to try to pull something on us.</p>

      <p>As I speculated about what might come, I exchanged information with Lastiara, who was walking next to me.</p>

      <p>“Hm...looks like that dumb Guardian Lorwen revealed his identity to the audience. Wonder what that idiot was even thinking.”</p>

      <p>She’d collected information about Lorwen from passersby before joining me and was relaying what she knew about the course of the south area match.</p>

      <p>“What, he volunteered that information?”</p>

      <p>“Apparently, he boldly declared it after defeating the Blademaster, Fenrir Arrace.”</p>

      <p>“He <em>declared</em> it? It’s <em>not</em> that he was about to die and monsterified as a result?”</p>

      <p>“Yep, you heard that right.”</p>

      <p>“Why’d he go and do a thing like that?” Why would he choose that moment to unveil what he’d been keeping a secret this whole time?</p>

      <p>“The tournament admins obviously captured him afterward. But since the Brawl folks have insisted they won’t bar anybody from participating, it doesn’t look like his right to fight’ll get revoked.”</p>

      <p>“He was apprehended because he’s a monster, huh? Lorwen...”</p>

      <p>I tried wondering about his motives, but my field of vision blacked out as I was assailed by a sudden bout of dizziness. My knees buckled, and I nearly collapsed.</p>

      <p>“Kanami, you okay?!” Dia propped up my body at once.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah, I’m okay,” I said in a raspy voice. “Looks like I’m a bit exhausted after that match.” At this point, I couldn’t even think, let alone move.</p>

      <p>“F-For now, let’s go back to the room! C’mon, Lastiara, hurry up!” Dia cried.</p>

      <p>“Makes sense,” said Lastiara. “Let’s go to the room for now; if we join up with Reaper, we’ll be safe and sound.”</p>

      <p>I could hear their voices as though from afar. With Dia supporting my body, I forced my weak legs to move. I didn’t know where I was anymore; I just let them steer me. Then I entered a room and was made to sit in a chair.</p>

      <p>“Glad you could make it, mister,” came a voice from behind. “It looks like everything’s going great, so I’m happy too.”</p>

      <p>“Is that you, Reaper? Could you monitor Snow and Lorwen for me, if possible? If Snow can establish contact, I’ll talk to her. Maybe she’s cooled her head after her loss and she’ll understand now...”</p>

      <p>Reaper placed a cold towel on my head. “Hm, I don’t think you oughta be talking with Ms. Snow right now. I mean, you can barely even talk at the moment. Besides, after Lastiara gave her an earful, she’s way better behaved than before. That talking-to worked so well, I wouldn’t be surprised if she solved her own problem if we let her be...so let’s focus on getting your memories back, okay? That’ll help Snow out more than any half-baked outreach!”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. So...Lastiara persuaded her during the match?”</p>

      <p>Since I’d been fighting Elmirahd at the time, I didn’t know much about the battle between Snow and Team Lastiara. While she’d said some harsh things, it seemed that Lastiara had managed to get through to Snow in her own way.</p>

      <p>“What about Lorwen? I’m worried about him too.”</p>

      <p>“He should also be fine if we leave him alone. He can’t move, for one.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, you know about his situation too?”</p>

      <p>“Lorwen defeated the ‘strongest’ and surpassed the Blademaster. That’s what it means when you get this far in the tournament. You remember the brackets, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah...”</p>

      <p>Lorwen had been matched up against the so-called strongest, Mr. Glenn, and then he’d been matched up with the Blademaster, Fenrir Arrace. And he’d beaten them both.</p>

      <p>“Isn’t beating those two enough to gain the sort of glory Lorwen’s after?” asked Reaper. “Maybe that’s why he stopped hiding what he is. Maybe he won’t interfere with us anymore.”</p>

      <p>Her optimistic way of looking at it nearly swayed me, but I wasn’t totally convinced, and my brow was still furrowed. Seeing that, Reaper caressed my head from behind as she heaved a sigh.</p>

      <p>“I’m sure Lorwen’s got his reasons. He’ll be okay even if you’re not there. You don’t gotta worry about a thing. You need to think about the semifinals tomorrow instead. Just think about getting your memories back for now...”</p>

      <p>She was dead set against me contacting Snow and Lorwen. Dia was of the same opinion when she chimed in.</p>

      <p>“That’s right, Kanami. Preparing for tomorrow’s more important right now than those knuckleheads. Whatever you might wanna do, destroying the bangle’s your first priority!”</p>

      <p>Clearly, I was alone in wanting to contact them. Maybe that was because my head was running too hot and I was the only one who couldn’t make a rational judgment.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara...should I just do nothing, then?”</p>

      <p>I knew that out of everyone here, Lastiara was the one who could grasp the situation the most calmly. I figured I was in the safest hands entrusting the judgment call to her.</p>

      <p>There was a significant pause. Then, “Yeah...let’s just sit tight,” she replied unhurriedly. “Nothing’s more important than getting those memories back.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. If you say so, that’s what I’ll do.”</p>

      <p>It was a bit of a bummer, but it couldn’t be helped. I didn’t have the wherewithal to argue back or the energy to move. I was at my limit. But thanks to that, I was confident I could lose to her team in the semifinals.</p>

      <p>A sense of relief washing over me, I leaned back in my chair and gave up on thinking. As even my sense of time increasingly dimmed, I heard Lastiara’s final orders.</p>

      <p>“Kanami, all you need to do now is keep yourself in that state. I’ll come get you right before the match, so just stay in that chair until then.”</p>

      <p>I meant to do just that. If all I had to do was keep sitting, I could probably do that even in my current state. If I went to sleep, somebody would wake me up. It was okay if I just waited for time to pass...</p>

      <p>“Good, mister. Get your memories back before anything else. Because when you do...”</p>

      <p>My consciousness was hazy, but I could make out Reaper’s voice. She seemed relieved now that she’d seen I wasn’t moving.</p>

      <p>“...my desire will come true too.”</p>

      <p><em>Huh. Her desire will come true.</em></p>

      <p>I needed to think more about what that meant, but I couldn’t think. I needed to rejoice more in the realization of her wish, as though it were my own, but I couldn’t rejoice. All that happened was that tidbit of information—<em>Reaper’s desire is going to come true</em>—being deposited in my head. Then I started sinking into the deep, deep dark, my consciousness detaching from reality. And there I sat, waiting vacantly for time to pass by.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>It felt like years had passed. Amid the fog in my brain, I managed to grasp that there had been a change in my situation. It must have been the next day. Somebody had led me by the hand, taking me to another room somewhere. At least, that was the sense I got. I was in an unfamiliar room, and I could hear voices, but they sounded like pure noise to me.</p>

      <p>“Now then, hang tight in this waiting room. Once the worker comes for you, if you could walk into the arena, the plan will be a success, so... Wait, can you even hear me? Hm. Reaper, if you could handle the rest, thanks.”</p>

      <p>“Leave him to me! I’ll make sure to send him in!”</p>

      <p>“Good. All right, we’re entering from the other side, so see ya later.”</p>

      <p>“See you! Break a leg!”</p>

      <p>The mystery voices abated, as did the vague sensation of people in my vicinity. I rubbed my eyes and checked my surroundings to find I was accompanied by a small, black-haired girl. The girl flew about, the picture of restlessness. From amid the deep dark, my eyes followed her, like I was tracking a butterfly through the twilight sky, and it was weirdly calming.</p>

      <p>Time passed, and a new person entered the room. They called a name. “Mr. Aikawa Kanami, it’s time for you to enter the arena... I must ask, are you okay? You <em>are</em> participating, correct?”</p>

      <p><em>Aikawa Kanami? Oh, right, that’s my name. It seems she’s asking me something?</em></p>

      <p>“Mr. Kanami! Please answer! If you don’t answer, I’m afraid we’ll retire you from the tournament!”</p>

      <p><em>Retire me?</em> That sounded bad. I knew that I should avoid that, but I couldn’t remember why. Rather, I’d be able to recall eventually, but not immediately...</p>

      <p>“Wait, hold on, please!”</p>

      <p>The girl got in between me and the staff member. Then she came to me and whispered in my ear, “It’s only a little while longer now, big brother. Hang in there, okay? Muster the last of your strength. If you don’t participate in the match, your memories won’t come back, you know? You won’t be able to get home to your world. You don’t want that, right? If you don’t get back...”</p>

      <p>I had a feeling that what she was saying was very important. My memories? My world? Coming back? It had to be very, very important.</p>

      <p>“...what’s gonna happen to your precious, beloved little sister?”</p>

      <p><em>My little sister?</em> What was her name? I couldn’t remember. All I knew was that she was more precious to me than my own life. That alone I could always remember, no matter the circumstances. If my not entering this match put my sister in danger, there was no way I could abstain.</p>

      <p>I moved my lips. “I... I’m sorry... I didn’t get much sleep. I’ll participate, no problem. I’ll do it. I’ll fight.”</p>

      <p>I got to my feet and opened my eyes, scanning my surroundings to gather information. I remembered this waiting room. At the last moment, it dawned on me that the semifinals of the Brawl were about to begin.</p>

      <p>“That’s fine, but...Mr. Aikawa, do remember that if at any point you can’t go on, you can always concede. Now then, please, this way to the semifinals.”</p>

      <p>It looked as though the staff member addressing me was from tournament administration. I followed right behind. Next to me, the black-haired girl—the death spirit—was waving.</p>

      <p>“Guess you’re awake now, mister. Bye, then! See you later. Fight for your sister. You’re not fighting for anybody else. Don’t forget that!”</p>

      <p>“Yep, I’ll be back, Grim Reaper.”</p>

      <p>I understood the situation and kept walking. I couldn’t shake the feeling that I was still walking in the dark, but it was different from a second ago, because thanks to Reaper, I’d gained an unwavering will. In order to not mistake what it was I wanted, and in order to regain all my memories, I had to fight. I felt like I might stumble at any moment and fall back into the deep dark pit, but I gritted my teeth and bore it. I just needed a few more minutes. I didn’t mind fainting afterward.</p>

      <p>I walked through the long corridor and entered the arena. Ignoring everything from the presenter’s address to the excited cheering of the audience, I walked briskly to the center. I couldn’t hear anything but a ringing in my ears anyway. On the other side of the arena, I could make out the presence of my ally, Lastiara. I could tell she was relieved to see I’d walked my way here. That said, I might legitimately faint sooner rather than later. We had to start this fight, and we had to start it now.</p>

      <p>“Th-The...rules...” I managed.</p>

      <p>“Presenter, sir!” said Lastiara, who was in front of me. “We don’t need an introduction, so why don’t we get right to the match, huh?! Can we go ahead and decide on the ruleset? We can, right? You can say no and we’ll still decide...so!”</p>

      <p>Then she came right next to me and spoke to me under her breath. “Kanami, reply how we said in the meeting, yeah?”</p>

      <p>“Yep, you’re good.” I recalled the ruleset we’d come up with a few days back.</p>

      <p>Lastiara spoke loudly enough for the presenter to hear. “We of Team Lastiara suggest a ruleset that’s neither knocking the weapon nor knocking the flower. With the knocking the weapon rules, some are more suited to it than others, and with the knocking the flower rules, whichever side can use fire magic’s at an advantage. It’s just too lopsided, too unfair.”</p>

      <p>She’d said her canned lines, and now it was time for me to say mine.</p>

      <p>“Then what ruleset should we use?”</p>

      <p>“Look, we’ve prepared some bangles for the occasion. And you’ve got a bangle like it on already. I reckon if we fight to take—or destroy—each other’s bangles, that makes for a fairer battle. What do you think?” she said, her acting transparent.</p>

      <p>The presenter mulled it over before announcing, “It’s a ruleset with some precedent. It’s called ‘knocking the symbol.’ I can speak for tournament management when I say we don’t have a problem with it, but what say you, Team Aikawa Kanami?”</p>

      <p>I nodded. “I don’t mind. Let’s make destroying each other’s bangles the rule.”</p>

      <p>With that, our preparations for our fixed match had been laid.</p>

      <p>“Both parties have consented. It’s decided. The ruleset will be ‘knocking the symbol,’ and whichever team breaks the other’s bangle wins!”</p>

      <p>With that, the vibrations hitting my ears became stronger. The excitement in the stands was mounting to greater heights.</p>

      <p>“Ladies and gentlemen, now that the ruleset’s been decided, what will they be staking on this match?! As the man who’s emceed all of Mr. Kanami’s matches, count me very curious indeed!”</p>

      <p>He made it sound like that was the main question.</p>

      <p><em>Sorry, but...</em> “I’m not betting anything,” I said.</p>

      <p>“I don’t think we’ve got anything to bet either,” said Lastiara.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, come again?! You’re not betting <em>anything?!</em> In the semifinals of the Brawl?! You’ve made so many bets I couldn’t make heads or tails of until now! To not bet anything now... Are you in your right mind, Mr. Kanamiii?!”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I am.”</p>

      <p>Just like always, he was weirdly cheeky and overfamiliar with me. I wanted to give him a piece of my mind, but I put up with it, prioritizing getting this over with.</p>

      <p>“And you, Lady Lastiara! You’ve come to this point after winning a match that was staked on Mr. Kanami. You do understand that it’d be no problem at all if you demanded some sort of reward, correct?! It’d only be natural to be rewarded! In fact, it’s almost criminal if you aren’t! He’s in no position to refuse, what with the mood in the air, so you can say <em>whatever</em> you like! Please go with something! I’m sure all of our spectators are waiting with bated breath!”</p>

      <p>“Nah, we’re good. If we want him to do something, we don’t need to use an event like this. We can just ask him in private. Isn’t that right, Dia?”</p>

      <p>After giving it some thought, Dia voiced her agreement. “Yep. ’Cause we’re all gonna be together from now on. There’s no need to hurry anymore.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara shouted with a smile, “You heard ’em! We’re not betting anything!”</p>

      <p>Those words reached all the way to the stands, apparently, because there was grumbling mixed in with the cheering.</p>

      <p>“Urgh! I’m sorry, folks! I’m so, so sorry! If both teams insist so strongly that they wish for no stakes, we can’t force them! So many people had high hopes for Mr. Kanami, the fighter who gave so many girls the cold shoulder and acted so suggestively, but...it can’t be helped. He seems strangely close to Team Lastiara, so I figured he’d gift us with another slip of the tongue, but alas and alack!”</p>

      <p>Even with my mind so foggy, I could be certain this presenter was no ally.</p>

      <p>Taking note of my anger, the bastard continued, panicked. “That said, it looks as though further discussion won’t get us anywhere! Now then, let’s begin! May the semifinals of the North Area of the Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball now commence!”</p>

      <p>I dragged my heavy feet toward Lastiara, unarmed. She approached me as well, light on her feet and very much armed. We were still far apart. When she was just outside of sword reach, she said, “Here I come, Kanami! I’m gonna break your limbs for the time being, so don’t move!”</p>

      <p>“Yep! Come at me!”</p>

      <p>I screwed up my resolve not to move no matter what happened, and I waited for Lastiara to do the deed. We then entered striking range of each other, and the second we did, Lastiara’s sword came swinging. First, the sword neared my left thigh, nearly piercing it—and then a high-pitched <em>clang</em> rang out. Before I knew it, I’d taken the Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword from my inventory and deflected her steel. I knew that Lastiara’s aim was to destroy the bangle, and maybe that was why the curse reacted at an early stage in the fight.</p>

      <p>Much to my chagrin, I even managed to repel her follow-up slash attack. My body was moving of its own accord. I caught incoming blows and brushed off grasping hands. I was defending myself expertly, even without the aid of support magic. Gritting my teeth, I desperately tried to keep my body from moving. By contrast, Lastiara looked unruffled. She must have been expecting this level of resistance.</p>

      <p>“<em>Growth!</em>”</p>

      <p>Lastiara buffed her physical abilities, and she raised her pace by a tick. My defense grew more and more brittle, and eventually, a savage hit from her threw me thoroughly off-balance. She drove a roundhouse kick into my torso.</p>

      <p>“Guh!”</p>

      <p>All the breath in my lungs came rushing out as I flew through the air, totally defenseless—which was Dia’s cue to fire a spell at me.</p>

      <p><em>“Symposion Noah!”</em></p>

      <p>A huge sphere of light fell down from the sky, its entire mass hitting my prone body, slamming me into the ground and squashing me down. My vision filled with white sparks, a sharp pain stabbed my brain, and my whole body stiffened with the impact.</p>

      <p>Lastiara had been waiting for that stiffening to take effect. She took me by the left arm and snapped it the opposite way without reservation.</p>

      <p>“Gwahhh!”</p>

      <p>That sound, not unlike the snapping of bamboo, reverberated in my head as pain (dull this time) attacked my brain.</p>

      <p>“Sweet, snapped one of ’em! Next!”</p>

      <p>My elbow felt hot, and excruciating pain radiated from it. The bone was probably broken near the elbow. I tried to dwell on the pain as much as possible so as to immobilize myself, but sadly, my body drove the pain from my consciousness of its own accord. Lastiara closed in without hesitation, and I grabbed her by the wrists and counterattacked through a technique I had no recollection of. By sinking down to the lower limit and pulling her in, I broke her balance and began the process of tossing her. The move was similar to the aikido or judo throw Franrühle had used on me in Round 3. This curse’s level of perfection was astounding. I hadn’t absorbed that technique on a conscious level, but it was making me use it, even though I’d only ever seen it once. Lastiara tumbled ungracefully, but she quickly regained her footing by completing the loop and charged at me again. Yet my body deftly handled her attacks despite an arm being out of commission.</p>

      <p>“Ugh, talk about stubborn! <em>Growth!</em>”</p>

      <p>Lastiara spent some magic energy to go up yet another gear. With that magical buff to her body, she could slip in at such ridiculous speeds that she left afterimages, and she grabbed my hands with her overwhelming muscle strength. Naturally, I tried to shake her off, but Lastiara saw it coming and mercilessly punched me in the stomach. My whole body stiffened again.</p>

      <p>Then, as a last resort, the curse chose magic. It made me wring out magic energy from the pit of my stomach and transform it into cold air. But when I attempted to eject it from my body and deploy <em>Wintermension</em>, the spell dissipated before it could start. I was in such bad shape that the gears in my head were too slow, causing me to fail to craft <em>Wintermension</em> properly. A refreshing breeze that couldn’t even be called cold caressed Lastiara’s cheeks. Her bangs rose up, revealing her smile. It was the smile of someone who’d seen my spell fizzle and was now sure of her victory. I no longer had any means with which to defend myself. I was just as sure of my own defeat. This was the end of the line.</p>

      <p>Lastiara’s sword knocked the Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword from my hand. I crouched down to dodge her next stroke, but she planted a foot in my face right between the eyes. Suddenly, I was looking up at the sky as my feet left the ground. I couldn’t move in midair, and her fist swung toward my eyes and nose. It was the perfect checkmate, just as planned. If this attack hit me, I’d be incapacitated for a long time. And I had no way to dodge that haymaker. Game, set and match.</p>

      <p>Little by little, her fist inched closer. Relief washed over me as I watched it crawl toward me in slow motion. I’d finally be freed from these interminable days of extreme austerity. I loosened the reins of my consciousness, which I’d only had a finger on to begin with, knowing that in moments, that punch would spell my defeat.</p>

      <p>I’d taste defeat and lose my bangle.</p>

      <p>I’d regain my memories.</p>

      <p>It was over now.</p>

      <p>It was all over.</p>

      <p><em>It’s all over?</em></p>

      <p>A mysterious stream of magic energy slithered down my back. It was neither dimension nor ice. Its element was darkness, and it was leaking from the bangle. I could feel it sink into my spine.</p>

      <p><em>Are you </em>sure<em> you can let it end like this?</em> I asked myself. <em>Are you sure it’s okay if the bangle’s destroyed?</em></p>

      <p>I was actively trying not to think, to empty my mind, but the questions floated up unbidden. I couldn’t fight them.</p>

      <p><em>Isn’t this bangle more important to you than anything else?</em></p>

      <p>I remembered one thing—that the bangle was important. Everything else was omitted. I unfortunately remembered that and only that. At the same time, my consciousness ebbed, flying down into the dark abyss. The bottom of which was the curse’s end goal. And dammit, I’d reached it. My scattered thoughts were brought back together again, and I found myself able to think about one thing to the exclusion of all else.</p>

      <p><em>Must. Protect.</em></p>

      <p>I’d definitely vowed to protect something, way back when. But when was that? When had I made that vow? When I was really young?</p>

      <p>It was a memory from when my hands were tiny and everything towered over me. I could smell the stench of antiseptic. I must have made that vow in front of her while she lay in bed. My beloved. My sole reason to exist was to protect...</p>

      <p><em>To protect my precious...</em></p>

      <p><em>I swore I’d protect my precious</em> bangle!<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【LAST LINE OF DEFENSE: DARKSPELL </code><code><em>BERSERKER HERO</em></code><code> HAS NOW ACTIVATED】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>All magic formulas are now devoted to Cognitive Impairment.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+10.00 to Cognitive Impairment.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>In the depths of the darkness, at the very edge of the world of shadow, the text appeared on my retinas. And then, I felt cracks forming in the bangle that had endured everything I’d tried on it without a scratch. The activation of that high-level darkness spell must have exceeded the bangle’s capacity to endure. It looked like it was on the verge of breaking outright, similar to when one cast a spell using a magic tool. No, not “similar.” They were the same. This bangle was just another magic tool, an object created to cast a specific spell. As such, I couldn’t stop it. Even <em>Wintermension</em> couldn’t stop it.</p>

      <p>In the bottom of that dark abyss, I heard a strangely gleeful voice. “Ah, and with that, the requirements have been reached. Now then, Kanami, my lad, why don’t we take down the enemy right in front of us? You know, for the sake of what you hold ever so dear?”</p>

      <p><em>You don’t have to tell me</em>.<em> It’s obvious I’ll protect what I hold dear to my heart. I’ll protect this bangle, just you watch.</em> <em>And if I know to protect it, I don’t need to know anything else.</em></p>

      <p>I opened my eyes and ascertained the enemy in my field of vision. Right now, they were trying to break the bangle. That fist was right there before my eyes. There were three enemies in total: two beautiful girls and a wolf that was dashing around. I knew them. Those bastards had drafted a plan to incapacitate me and destroy the bangle. They were enemies that I absolutely had to beat!</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha! Tell me, laddie, can you reenact that one scene from your past?! C’mon, good buddy, let’s sacrifice everything for the one you love! Even the whole wide world if you need to! Cuz if you do, you can get closer to your former self!”</p>

      <p>That amused voice did something to dye not just my heart but my vision black. The enemy was now completely obscured by darkness; I didn’t even know who they were anymore. But I did know what I had to do. The bangle was what was important to me. And the enemy was trying to destroy it. That was all I needed to know. I’d defend that which I held dear, and I’d sacrifice anything to do it. I’d even kill. This was the real me.</p>

      <p>From amid the darkness, I cast a spell. No, I screamed it. “SPELLCAST: <em>BLIZZARDMENSIIIOOOOOON!!!</em>”</p>

      <p>I poured all my heart and soul into my most powerful magic.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 152/303 MP: 0/751</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 147/298 MP: 0/751</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 142/293 MP: 0/751</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The numbers were dropping. At the bottom of the dark pit, I was currently setting fire to my own life force. But I wasn’t even worried about surviving anymore. Those worries were gone. That which I needed to protect was everything now. Nothing else existed to me. And that made things so simple and easy to understand that it felt awfully refreshing.</p>

      <p>“Ah ha! Ah ha <em>ha ha h</em>a<em> ha!”</em></p>

      <p>I’d discovered the joy of being able to protect my precious and laughed from the bottom of my heart for the first time in a long, long time.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>When he saw that my fist would definitely hit him, Kanami smiled, relieved. But it only took an instant for that look of relief in his eyes to change into...something else.</p>

      <p>Pupils of obsidian black were now tinged with luminescent violet, making his eyes a strange dark purple. I knew what that color meant. I could see the purple magic energy creeping out of the bangle. It was entering his body from the back of his head and emitting a purple light from the inside. That magic energy turned his smile of relief into one of madness, causing him to scream out his <em>Blizzardmension</em> spell.</p>

      <p>He crafted a high-grade spell composed of both space and cold. Of course, it soon dissipated. With the state he was in, there was no way he’d be able to maintain such advanced magic. That said, even though blood was gushing from his mouth and nose, Kanami <em>was</em> able to successfully craft the spell, albeit briefly. The “winter” only lasted a moment, but that allowed him to obtain information on the space around him as well as slow down my fist.</p>

      <p>He proceeded to stick out his broken left arm to cushion my punch. There was no strength in that arm, but by using it as a meat shield, he mitigated the impact to his face. When the punch landed, I could feel his arm receiving a compound fracture before the blow sent him flying. I gritted my teeth and watched him hurtle through the air. I’d dealt a lot of damage, but the timing had been thrown off, so he wasn’t knocked out. Kanami slid across the ground, getting covered in dirt. A staggering black silhouette immediately rose from the cloud of dust. When the haze cleared, his creepy form was exposed to the light of day.</p>

      <p>His broken and twisted left arm was hanging down, his face pallid and devoid of vitality. After not sleeping for days, he had extremely dark circles under his eyes. Countless scratches and bruises covered his body; moving a single fingertip must have been excruciating for him. His magic energy should have been totally depleted, and there had to be nothing but water in his stomach and intestines. There should have been nothing within his battered body that he could convert into energy. Over the past three days, he had been fighting nonstop and had long surpassed the limits of a human being. He had to have been past the realm of pain and nausea now. The terrifying taste of death must have been rising up on the back of his tongue. He shouldn’t have been able to put up a fight anymore. And yet he’d gotten back onto his feet and was walking toward me with a sword in his hands.</p>

      <p>And that wasn’t all. He was <em>laughing</em> too.</p>

      <p>“Aha, aha ha <em>ha ha</em> ha <em>ha!</em>”</p>

      <p>Clearly, something was wrong. My Pseudo-Divine Eyes skill ascertained my opponent’s status, and I saw how his Cognitive Impairment condition had risen by an order of magnitude compared to before the match. I broke out in a cold sweat.</p>

      <p>“Must...protect...” he murmured as he walked through the dust in the air. His strides were unsteady, but for some reason, I didn’t get the feeling he was going to crumple. “Don’t worry. I’ll protect yOu, so don’t worry... A<em>h</em>a ha, reSt assUred, I will pRotect you...”</p>

      <p>His dark-purple eyes shining, he smiled faintly and caressed the bangle lovingly. Despite being on the brink of death, his expression was kind and gentle. Kanami’s own will was no longer active. His smile looked insane enough for me to draw that conclusion.</p>

      <p>“Look. The real him’s out like a light. So why’s he still moving? I’m guessing it’s Palinchron’s magic. Dia, it’s looking like he’s got a deepening-mind-pollution thing happening! Curb that status effect as much as you can through holy magic!”</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>