<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_3"><div class="main">
      <p>“You can’t be serious! My brother did nothing wrong! All he did was educate you for the sake of the nation! So why’d he do it?! Why’d he feel the need to put his life on the line to save <em>you</em>?!”</p>

      <p>“Wow, so you’re well-informed. And it’s all just as you say.”</p>

      <p>“Listen here, ‘goddess among us’! None of it makes sense unless you incited him! You two used him for your own ends, and then you left him to the dogs! And thanks to that, his good name’s been tarnished as a traitor! My brother worked harder for Whoseyards than anyone, and now they’re all holding him in contempt! How am I supposed to just grin and bear such an outrageous injustice?!”</p>

      <p>Lastiara replied calmly and solemnly. “I don’t want this getting out there, but Hine Hellvilleshine <em>liked</em> me. He liked the girl I became. And I think he probably came to like the boy named Sieg too. That’s why he gave his life for us. Not as a knight, but as a fellow human. I’m sure Hine would regard his ‘tarnished name’ with pride. And you haven’t got the right to barge into that.”</p>

      <p>At hearing her say in no uncertain terms that his anger was unjustified, his fury only grew.</p>

      <p>“That’s the motivation that has me the least convinced! And even if that <em>is</em> true, then it’s no different from you inciting him anyway!”</p>

      <p>“Hm. I wonder. Depending on how you take it, it might be like we led him on.”</p>

      <p>Liner’s wild and groundless remark was having an effect on her. She said her piece in such plain terms, but she’d instantly lost her confidence. Maybe she felt small whenever this Hine person entered the picture. I tried to step forward so that she didn’t take his absurd argument to heart, but Liner shouted at me instead.</p>

      <p>“Siegfried Vizzita! You’re trying to take my sister away from me too now! Are you planning on doing the same thing a second time?! Then you can’t expect me to turn a blind eye!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh?”</p>

      <p>A strange line of attack. His sister? He was probably talking about Franrühle Hellvilleshine. I knew about her bizarre attachment to me, so I was at a loss for words.</p>

      <p>“That, I don’t know anything about... Kanami, is that true?” she asked, curious.</p>

      <p>“I think I may know what he’s referring to...”</p>

      <p>“You do, do you?”</p>

      <p>“S-Sorry.” I figured I’d apologize, since I got the feeling I’d done something wrong.</p>

      <p>“I’m gonna end you, Siegfried Vizzita, before you can trick my sister! I’m gonna end you before the match, right here, right now!”</p>

      <p>He walked up to us, the swords in his hands instruments of death as opposed to our dull edges. Lastiara scanned the vicinity with a put-upon look on her face.</p>

      <p>“Hngh, a fight to the death’s probably a bad idea in a place like this.”</p>

      <p>Since it was the middle of the night, there were no guards around, but there could be no doubt that if things got noisy, people would come rushing onto the deck. And if that happened, it’d be a real pain.</p>

      <p>“No helping it; let’s get him to pipe down a second, shall we? Kanami, can you go bare-handed?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I think I can take him unarmed.”</p>

      <p>I’d seen Liner’s stats. To be blunt, he was probably the weakest of the Celestial Knights.</p>

      <p>“Let’s wallop him and tie him up. Once he’s cooled his jets, we’ll be able to have a bit more of a proper conversation. Since it looks like he’s received somewhat biased info, he ought to understand once we disabuse him of those notions. And we want to convince him, because if we do, he might become our ally.”</p>

      <p>Both she and I had the power to gauge an enemy’s strength, and as such, we came to the conclusion that we could take him without needing weapons. I put the two dull swords back into my inventory and faced Liner, aiming to knock him unconscious.</p>

      <p>“Don’t underestimate me...”</p>

      <p>Liner interpreted our not drawing swords as holding back. But that wasn’t what we were doing. We were just avoiding drawing our real swords outside of an arena, since we were participants in the Brawl.</p>

      <p>Then, when he’d come sufficiently close, Liner cast a spell, hatred written on his face.</p>

      <p>“<em>Ix Wynd</em>!”</p>

      <p>Gusts of wind burst from under Liner’s feet. <em>Wintermension</em> was up and running, but since his spell had originated from a magic tool, I couldn’t jam it. Riding that wind, Liner threw himself at me first, just as he’d said he would. He came flying like a cannonball.</p>

      <p>I stood ready to grab him by the wrists. Lastiara was also reaching for him. However fast he was flying, we could both see his every move.</p>

      <p>“<em>Ix Wynd!”</em></p>

      <p>But Liner knew that already. He cast another wind spell while in midair in order to change course at a ninety-degree angle, and he slashed at Lastiara with his twin swords.</p>

      <p>“Huh?! You’re coming this way?!”</p>

      <p>Surprised, Lastiara withdrew her outstretched hand and immediately dodged the enemy’s swords. However, she couldn’t fully avoid the heavy kick that Liner followed that up with, and ended up having to defend herself by crossing her arms. Using Lastiara as a foothold, he jumped back into the air and took out a number of knives from inside his mantle.</p>

      <p><em>“Cannon Wynd!”</em></p>

      <p>He fired them from above. The magic energy was even denser than the traversal spell. One of the rings he was wearing cracked, generating a windstorm from his palm.</p>

      <p>“Grah! <em>Blizzardmension!</em>”</p>

      <p>I ran up to the knives, whose speed had increased due to the wind tempest, and chose the optimal spell for that moment. <em>Blizzardmension</em> weakened and slowed down the winds, allowing me to grab the knives that had threatened to rain down on Lastiara. However, while I’d blocked the knives, I couldn’t avoid the storm magic itself, which threw me off-balance. I immediately adjusted my posture and waited for his body to fall back to earth, but...</p>

      <p>“<em>Ix Wynd!</em>”</p>

      <p>He used another wind spell to distance himself, returning to the position he’d been standing at originally and landing. His magnificently executed hit-and-run had us both voicing our admiration.</p>

      <p>“Hm, now that’s tricky. We’re as weak to flying types as always.”</p>

      <p>“Wind magic’s incredible, damn. Look at how it lets you fight.”</p>

      <p>We’d been under the impression that Liner would go down easy, but the wind magic proved more potent than we’d expected.</p>

      <p>“No, that’s not something you could normally pull off. <em>Ix Wynd</em> isn’t a spell that’s meant for movement.” She turned to Liner, a little worried. “Kid, you do realize that making use of magic like <em>that</em> is gonna injure your body, right?”</p>

      <p>“This pain’s nothing... I live to break so another may remain whole. Who cares if a leg or two breaks in the process? That’s not enough to give me pause!!!”</p>

      <p>Shrugging off Lastiara’s concern, Liner leaped once more. His wind magic-boosted mobility was a thorn in our side. Plus, if he was hurting himself, we had to put a stop to this immediately. Downloading information via <em>Dimension</em>, I moved to intercept Liner’s fierce offensive. His unceasing onslaught—wind spells from above, twin sword slashes, tossed knives—I dodged them all, as did Lastiara beside me.</p>

      <p>But while we could defend ourselves, we couldn’t counterattack at all. Liner was intent on fighting from a distance we couldn’t reach. As soon as we got closer, he’d flee right back into the sky. I knew that if we just kept defending, he’d run himself into the ground, but I wanted to avoid that outcome if possible. From what Lastiara had said, we could still maybe make peace. At this rate, I had no choice but to lay a trap.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara, I need your help a sec! Spellcast: <em>Form!”</em></p>

      <p>I created a mass of magic bubbles. Liner was naturally on his guard so as not to let the unidentified bubbles touch his body. Seeing that, Lastiara seemed to infer what I was gunning for; she started running to cage Liner off. <em>Form</em> was actually a pretty pointless spell unless it was combined with another spell. In other words, the bubbles were nothing more than a decoy meant to restrict Liner’s range of motion, and Lastiara knew that. She and I skillfully used the bubbles to corral him to a certain spot.</p>

      <p>“You fell for it! Spellcast: <em>Wintermension: Frost!</em>”</p>

      <p>It was only for a moment, but Liner had put his feet on the pond that contained the fountain. At that moment, I piped currents of cold into the water to freeze his feet solid. I couldn’t freeze the entire surface, but I could keep him in place.</p>

      <p>Lastiara, who’d been on standby nearby, swooped down on him. “It’s go time!”</p>

      <p>Panicked, Liner tried to get away with another spell, but it was too late. “<em>Ix Wynd</em>— Augh!”</p>

      <p>Lastiara’s merciless blow interrupted him. Then she put him in a submission hold and dislocated his shoulders.</p>

      <p>“Argh!”</p>

      <p>Gripped from behind by Lastiara, Liner had been rendered helpless.</p>

      <p>“Phew. Finally caught him. Kid’s nimble, gotta say...”</p>

      <p>There was no wresting himself free from her brute strength. He couldn’t stage a comeback from this position. Relieved, I made to come closer—but then <em>Dimension</em> picked up on someone coming our way at abnormal speeds, sending a chill down my spine.</p>

      <p>“If you’d surprise-attacked us, you would’ve had a chance of winning,” said Lastiara. “Compared to Hine, you’ve got a long way to go. Now then, let’s—”</p>

      <p>“Lastiara! Watch out!”</p>

      <p>A sword I’d seen before came flying for Lastiara’s arm.</p>

      <p>“Huh?!”</p>

      <p>Lastiara heard my cry and got wind of the flying sword; she leaped away, thrusting Liner aside in the process. The red sword stuck itself into the edge of the fountain. Liner fell to his knees in the fountain pond, and a young man came down to step over next to him. There was no mistaking who he was.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, one little kid’s not gonna cut it. So how about I lend ya a hand?”</p>

      <p>It was the Guardian of the Thirtieth Floor, Lorwen Arrace.</p>

      <p>Lorwen picked up the mithril sword he’d thrown and smiled as he thrust the blade our way.</p>

      <p>“Lorwen?!”</p>

      <p>He waved at me. Then he helped Liner back up and popped his shoulders back in.</p>

      <p>“Ow! Who... Who or what <em>are</em> you?”</p>

      <p>“I’m with you, little boy twin blades. Rest easy—our interests align.”</p>

      <p>So, Lorwen was saying that he was on Liner’s side, and as such, he wasn’t on ours.</p>

      <p>“You’re on the back foot, ain’t ya? Fighting one-on-two like that. I’ll take on Lastiara for ya. You can focus all your attention on fighting Kanami.”</p>

      <p>“Wha? What’s going on here?”</p>

      <p>Liner was surprised and bewildered, but Lorwen didn’t explain. He just entrusted his back to him and faced Lastiara.</p>

      <p>Things could hardly have gotten worse. Liner and Lorwen were now in the middle, separating me and Lastiara. We’d been completely split up. At this rate, Lorwen and Lastiara really would clash. She must have hated the idea too, because she said, “What’s the big idea, Guardian? I thought I was gonna fight you during the tournament?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t fib like that. The way the brackets are set up, I won’t be able to battle you <em>or</em> Kanami. I can get to the finals, no problem, but the fact you two are fighting in the semifinals is bad news. It’s <em>real </em>bad news.”</p>

      <p>“What’s there to worry about? You’ll fight whichever one of us wins.”</p>

      <p>“Lies. If you win your semifinals, you’re not showing up for the finals. You won’t have a reason to. And you guys are actively planning for you to win... I can’t let that slide. That plan’s just not something I can overlook.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, Lorwen didn’t like the layout of the fights. And he had a point—if he did beat Mr. Glenn’s team, the team of the so-called strongest, there was a good chance he’d have a no-show for a finals opponent. If Lastiara resolved my bangle problem, she’d have no reason to continue fighting in the Brawl.</p>

      <p>“If Lastiara drops out, though, it’s a different story. Kanami will have no way to destroy the bangle, and he’ll have no choice but to take down the Guardian during the finals. And he’ll have to go all out too.”</p>

      <p>I never thought Lorwen would resort to such coercive measures.</p>

      <p>“I’m gonna take out Lastiara,” he continued, “and fight Kanami in the finals. That’s the sweetest outcome for me.”</p>

      <p>Lorwen was a sincere guy. He wasn’t the type to go against the rules. And yet here he was, picking a fight outside of the tournament in what was damn near a surprise attack. That was how far he was willing to go.</p>

      <p>“It’s a bit earlier than I’d have liked, but the circumstances are favorable. For some reason, the ley line where this kid is isn’t functioning. It’s the perfect opportunity to settle this once and for all.”</p>

      <p>I knew that he prioritized his own wish over my memories, but I didn’t think he’d been feeling cornered enough to pull a stunt like this. Or maybe I’d just wanted to believe he wouldn’t do something like this. Not after I’d called him my friend.</p>

      <p>“Lorwen...”</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Kanami. This is the path I’ve chosen,” he replied without turning to look at me.</p>

      <p>Liner addressed the enigmatic swordsman he’d entrusted his back to. “I can’t trust you...”</p>

      <p>“I don’t need you to trust me, really. Just make use of me.”</p>

      <p>“I can’t trust you, but I <em>will</em> make use of what I can. I’ll take Sieg, you take Lastiara. You good with that?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. Let’s do this, twin blades.”</p>

      <p>Without turning to face each other, they decided to cooperate. I was getting flustered; there went any kind of easy victory.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Dimension: Calculash!</em> Spellcast: <em>Snowmension!</em>”</p>

      <p>As I ran at full speed, I crafted my spells. At the same time, the other battle also commenced. Lastiara used the sword at her waist to block Lorwen’s. There was no time to waste. Now that Lorwen wasn’t holding back, who knew what could happen? I tried to zip over to help her, but—</p>

      <p>“You’re fighting <em>me</em>, Sieg!”</p>

      <p>Liner barred the way.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Liner, but no more going easy on you!” I shouted as I retrieved the Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword from my inventory.</p>

      <p>Liner’s two swords swung for me, and in response, I released all of my magic energy.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Blizzardmension!</em>”</p>

      <p>I spent all of my magic energy not to jam the enemy’s magic, but to impede his movement. Due to my unprecedented energy expenditure, magical powder snow started forming wherever I moved. While causing sprays of white with every step, I swung my sword with all my might. Liner blocked it with his twin swords, his expression changing when he saw the magic powder snow falling to the ground. Icicles rose up where that snow fell. He seemed to have realized that they contained a level of energy that was in a different league compared to the magic bubbles from earlier.</p>

      <p>I strengthened the energy even more. I generated <em>Snowmension</em> and limited where my opponent could move. Through <em>Blizzardmension</em>, I dulled the motion of his limbs. Using that panoply of ice spells, taking down the immobilized Liner was simple. Dodging the twin blades with the minimum possible movement, I laterally slashed at one of those swords. And since I was wielding one of the world’s greatest swords, it shattered like so much ice.</p>

      <p>“What?! My brother’s sword!”</p>

      <p>Liner was shaken by just how easily the sword had broken, and I exploited that moment to take him by the arm that was gripping his other sword. Then I struck his abdomen with the hilt. When I tried to shoulder-throw him, however, <em>Calculash</em> detected a magic energy that wasn’t Liner’s. It was the point of a sword made of magic energy that was flying at me from afar, and it was threatening to imminently pierce my legs.</p>

      <p>Giving up on the shoulder throw, I moved away from Liner to dodge the sword. Then I checked where it had come from. Lorwen was stretching a magic energy sword from one hand without even looking my way as he crossed swords with Lastiara using the other hand.</p>

      <p>“Lorwen!”</p>

      <p>More so than the fact Liner was no longer powerless, I was frightened by the sheer ease with which Lorwen was able to do something like that while fighting an opponent as formidable as Lastiara at the same time. When it came to simple close-quarters combat, he really was unmatched.</p>

      <p>“Gah, augh! Siiiieg!!!”</p>

      <p>The newly freed Liner gripped his remaining blade tightly, about to throw himself at me once again.</p>

      <p>“Kid! Use this!”</p>

      <p>Lorwen, having grasped everything that was happening on my side, threw him the other sword he’d had at his waist. I recognized it. I was the one who’d picked it up.</p>

      <p>“Wait, Lorwen! That sword!”<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【RUKH BRINGER】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Attack Power 7. Mind Taint +2.00</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The blade that had been broken was now very much whole again thanks to Lorwen’s magic energy. This was different from his usual Magic Power Materialization; I detected earth-element magic energy there. He’d mended it using a special method available only to a Guardian like him.</p>

      <p>“That oughta fit you like a glove, kid!”</p>

      <p>Liner snatched the tossed sword from midair.</p>

      <p>“You just had to give him that!” I grumbled, intercepting a blow from the boy who sprang upon me, wrapped in wind.</p>

      <p>“SIIIIEG!!!”</p>

      <p>Rukh Bringer’s magic energy and the wind magic energy mixed together, and Liner’s magic energy turned progressively more fiendish and vicious. But from what I could sense via <em>Dimension</em> and his menu, he was keeping the sword’s energy under his control for some reason. He wasn’t succumbing to madness like I almost had back when I’d taken it in hand. All it seemed to do to him was increase his agitation a little. Of course, that was vexing enough in its own right.</p>

      <p>Together with the sinister winds, Liner slashed at me. I blocked Rukh Bringer with the Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword, bending over to avoid the second sword. His offensive wasn’t over, though. He used that momentum to launch a kick with his right leg. Figuring this was my chance, I used my empty left hand to try to grab his leg. The impact of the kick would shoot pain into my hand, but it’d allow me to throw him. But before I could...</p>

      <p>“<em>Wynd!</em>”</p>

      <p>My left hand was thrown off, the gale that blew from his feet bending my ring finger and pinky in the opposite direction. I grimaced at the acute pain, but I was in the middle of combat, so I immediately stuffed the pain into a corner of my mind.</p>

      <p>“Urgh!”</p>

      <p>Liner utilized that windstorm to fly away. The timing of that spell had been perfect; he’d definitely cast it right before I could grab hold of him. Unfortunately for him, he was clearly overdoing it.</p>

      <p>“Gah!”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t the only one groaning in agony. His legs were gravely injured. The winds had shredded his flesh, causing him to lose immense amounts of blood. But he still wasn’t stopping. He wove yet another wind spell and came rushing at me. As long as he had that wind magic in his arsenal, it didn’t matter if his legs were mangled—his mobility would remain unimpeded.</p>

      <p>“This is crazy!”</p>

      <p>I wanted to run to Lastiara’s aid as soon as possible, but the boy who was prepared to die had the potential to be even more pesky than Lorwen. I had no time to think of a way around this deadlock; I was struck by Liner’s third midair assault. This time, I dodged Rukh Bringer, which whooshed right in front of my nose, and destroyed Liner’s other sword with my Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword. But that didn’t shake him; he immediately discarded the broken blade and punched me with his now free hand. I defended myself with my left elbow. Needless to say, there was another blast of wind.</p>

      <p>“<em>Wyyyynd!</em>”</p>

      <p>Battered by another tremendous burst, my whole left arm grew numb. Considering the snapped fingers as well, that arm seemed to be out of commission for the fight. I looked at Liner, who had once again flown away with his wind attack. To be exact, I was looking at his fist, which had been rendered into a bloody pulp by his own wind magic.</p>

      <p>“Stop! That’s a ridiculous way to use your magic!”</p>

      <p>“So what?! If it lets me kill you, I’ll gladly do it, even if it destroys me!”</p>

      <p>Liner tried to repeat the same kamikaze attack, and I could understand why. The difference in ability between him and me was like night and day, and he was aware of that. With this suicidal assault, however, he could effectively ignore the power gap and deal damage to me. As long as Liner believed that damage to himself was of lesser concern, it was his best option.</p>

      <p>Liner swooped in with wind magic, hit me with a bare-handed attack, and then hit me with point-blank wind magic. He did that over and over. First he paid for it with his right hand, then his left hand, then his right leg, then his left leg. The way he was rushing toward his own death, gushing more and more blood as he went, made me feel like throwing up. It was a revulsion I couldn’t name, and I was getting that familiar headache again. My patience had reached its limit.</p>

      <p>“Don’t talk about your own death like it’s no big deal! Linerrrrr!”</p>

      <p>I chose an attack that similarly exhibited no regard for my own health. I discarded the Straight Sword and used my now-free hand to grab his body.</p>

      <p>“<em>W... Wynd!”</em></p>

      <p>Naturally, Liner went with the usual point-blank wind spell. He was forced to. It was his only means of attack that would work on me. The gale bent the fingers on my right hand backward too. It got my pinky, my ring finger, and my index finger as well. But I put my strength into my remaining two fingers and held on.</p>

      <p>“I’ve got you!”</p>

      <p>I slammed into him and jumped into the pond with him in tow.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Wintermension: Frost!</em>”</p>

      <p>The water in the pond started freezing over, trapping Liner’s body in the ice. He tried to get out of the water before the encroaching ice could bind him. However, I hit him with a full-power headbutt and elbowed him in the solar plexus.</p>

      <p>“Gahagh!”</p>

      <p>Liner’s brains rattled in his skull, and he expelled the contents of his lungs. Confident his strength was leaving him, I completed the freezing magic. The pond was only waist-deep, but it was all I needed to freeze his limbs in place. Leaving him to his concussion, I wasted no time getting out of the pond.</p>

      <p>That had eaten up more time than I’d expected. Who knew fighting somebody willing to do kamikaze attacks was so hard to deal with? Since I could only move my thumb and middle finger, I couldn’t hold anything but a light weapon, so I took out a dagger instead of a sword from my inventory and dashed to rescue Lastiara.</p>

      <p>“Lorwen!”</p>

      <p>I closed the distance toward the two who were crossing their swords at inhuman speeds. In response to my call, he fell back. He must have gotten a read on what had happened through his Responsiveness skill. He kept his eyes forward, not looking at me, as he muttered, “Looks like my time’s up. Gotta say, Lastiara Whoseyards, you’re tougher than I thought. Or maybe I should say it’s a bad matchup for me.”</p>

      <p>Bearing more than a few slash wounds, she beckoned me over. “Kanami, come quick! I need help! Fighting this guy’s a ton of fun, but today ain’t the day!”</p>

      <p>I moved to her side and brandished my dagger. Lorwen responded by sheathing his blade.</p>

      <p>“I thought I’d strike while the iron was hot, but I guess I got a bit too impatient.”</p>

      <p>His eyes fell on the heap on the floor that was Liner. Gradually, without taking his attention off us, he moved toward him. That signaled to us that he didn’t wish to take this fight any further. Lastiara didn’t give chase, and I didn’t care to either. If we did, one or more of us would wind up dead. That was how much power Lorwen possessed.</p>

      <p>“If only Reaper were here,” he murmured. “Or, well, if only Snow didn’t dislike me.”</p>

      <p>Just like during the match the day before, he had a forlorn, limp-wristed vibe to him. But he quickly buried that expression and jumped a good distance away, landing in the fountain’s pond. He cut the ice with his sword and hoisted the groaning Liner onto his shoulder before making to leave the scene.</p>

      <p>“Wait, Lorwen!” I didn’t want to fight, but I still had a whole lot to say. I condensed my thoughts and yelled out to him, “You okay with this?!”</p>

      <p>I stretched my arms out wide, indicating this terrible spectacle and thrusting it in his face. The clash of superhuman sword-wielders had made a mess of the park, the fountain and its pond were frozen solid, my fingers were mangled, and Lastiara had gashes all over, not to mention the gravely injured boy knight.</p>

      <p>“Is all this really okay with you, Lorwen?! Is the glory you want so bad really worth going this far for?!” I shouted, appealing to his conscience.</p>

      <p>Lorwen was a kindhearted dude; he understood what I was getting at, and he clenched his teeth and grimaced guiltily. Nevertheless, he looked me straight in the eye and replied, “Kanami, you can’t know the true worth of something you haven’t even obtained. I’m fighting in order to <em>discern</em> its worth. That’s right—I’m gonna discern all of it for myself. And I’m sure that if I fight Kanami the Hero during the finals of this tournament, I’ll learn the truth.”</p>

      <p>My words had reached him, but he was determined to walk this path regardless.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, but I’m taking the kid. If I leave him be, either you or the sentries will capture him.”</p>

      <p>Lorwen took Liner and put this place behind him. We had no choice but to watch them leave. After ascertaining that he had moved to the south area via <em>Dimension</em>, the tension left my body. Once Lastiara herself was sure we were safe, she spoke.</p>

      <p>“D-Damn, that was dicey! What <em>was</em> that? Is the Guardian’s goal <em>not</em> just to win the tournament?!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, it is. But he wants what folks call ‘prestige’ and ‘glory.’”</p>

      <p>“Then why’s he getting in our way? It’d be <em>easier</em> for him to win without us around for the finals!”</p>

      <p>She was genuinely perplexed. I reflected on what everybody had said and done thus far and arrived at the reason, which I explained to her as clearly as I could. “He probably thinks of me as a prototypical ‘hero of legend’ figure...and he thinks that it’s only by surpassing that hero in the Brawl that he can let go of his regrets.”</p>

      <p>Snow treated me like “the hero” at every turn, and Lorwen never said otherwise. He’d always looked at me, the boy who had summoned him after reaching the thirtieth floor, with somewhat expectant eyes, as if to say it was only natural for the one who had summoned him to be “the hero.” No matter how much I denied it, the two of them would view me as their ray of hope. That was why we were in conflict now...</p>

      <p>“Lorwen’s got a case of tunnel vision. I know his true wish is smaller and simpler than all that...and I’m sure he’s vaguely aware of it himself too! Yet here we are. He feels chained by a sense of duty to become a legendary hero, and now all he can think about is beating me!”</p>

      <p>That attack had solidified what was previously just a supposition. There could be no doubt anymore. He’d become blind to the things around him. Just like the feast after the dragon quest, he’d lost sight of what was truly important to him.</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. So he’s got two goals—to win the Brawl and to beat you... That’s not terribly complicated, so color me relieved.” She’d calmly summarized the words that had spilled out of me in the heat of the moment. “Hm,” she continued. “I considered bringing this attack to the attention of the admins of the Brawl and getting him disqualified, but maybe that’s not a great idea. If we crush his dreams outright, who knows what he’ll end up doing?”</p>

      <p>To her, Lorwen was just another enemy. Unlike me, she didn’t have any emotions leading her astray when it came to him, so she was able to contemplate countermeasures dispassionately.</p>

      <p>“You know what, let’s just let the Guardian keep fixating on the Brawl. Hine’s little brother, on the other hand, we’ll get disqualified. If we take the fight that just broke out to the admins, they should be able to chase him out of Valhuura for the duration of the Brawl.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, let’s. I’d have liked to have had a nice long chat with him if possible, but...I’ll worry about that after the Brawl.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara stooped down to a ley line on the floor, putting her hand on it to search for something. “Given he attacked us on a ship full of ley lines, he can’t talk his way... Wait, what?” Her expression stiffened.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong?”</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s weird. It hasn’t recorded anything? Hold on, was the ley line not online until just now?”</p>

      <p>“Now that you mention it, Lorwen did say ley lines don’t function wherever Liner is.”</p>

      <p>“Little Liner might’ve tampered with it beforehand.” She sighed and got to her feet. “No wonder he attacked us so brazenly. Let’s mosey on back.”</p>

      <p>She urged me to return to her room. It seemed she wanted to rejoin Dia and Ms. Sera so we could be a united front against the possibility of another Lorwen sneak attack.</p>

      <p>“Okay. It’s dangerous out here, so let’s hit your room again.”</p>

      <p>There was no guarantee that we wouldn’t be attacked by new enemies, so we hurried back. After that, we decided to stay on our guard until dawn, refraining from stepping outside. After she healed my fingers, Lastiara foisted the night vigil on me like it was only natural and fell asleep in her soft, fluffy bed. It was reasonable for me to be the one to do it, and the plan did need me to be tired, but it still irritated me a little. I envied the three girls for how soundly they were sleeping, fighting my own drowsiness as I kept <em>Dimension</em> up. And with that, another night passed.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The morning of Day 2 of the Brawl.</p>

      <p>Hazily, the others woke up, and I was there to see them. I was slumped over the table as they tucked into their breakfast over cheerful “good mornings.” They were in perfect form after getting a good night’s sleep. I, of course, was in horrid form due to my hunger and lack of sleep. That morning, the four of us worked out an action plan for the time leading up to the semifinals. For the most part, the plan was to end the match quickly and join up with the rest immediately to remain on standby.</p>

      <p>After our discussion, I headed to the north area while the others headed to the arena in the west area. Just like the day before, I was in the waiting room when a staff member called for me, and I started walking down the corridor leading to the arena. Round 3 would soon begin, but I was feeling pretty enervated. It had been a single all-nighter, but it had been rougher than I was expecting. The fight against Lorwen and Liner in particular had left me dog-tired. My sword felt so much heavier in my hands, and my clothes felt like they were drenched in water. The mere act of walking caused a nasty sweat, and it made me crazy thirsty. Moreover, the magic energy in my body was unreliable. My MP was probably on the verge of depletion. That limited the amount of magic I could use in this match. I stepped into the arena with a little anxiety in my heart.</p>

      <p>“Now then, Round 3 in the North Area of the Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball is upon us!” came the (overly) lively voice of the presenter. “Allow me to introduce both teams!”</p>

      <p>The sun was shining brightly, the cheers and applause thundered. And currently, it was all so tiresome.</p>

      <p>“First, we have our representatives of Whoseyards, the Celestial Knights team! This year, we have a team composed solely of female knights, and they’re the talk of the town! The seats for the matches of these beautiful ladies were sold out in a day, and they’re head and shoulders above the competition when it comes to attracting customers! The management side of the Brawl is practically shrieking with joy! Now, let’s see how many matches the battle maidens who light up the stage will win!”</p>

      <p>On the other side, the three knights were waving to the crowd. There was the blonde-pigtails girl with the twin swords at her waist—Franrühle Hellvilleshine. There was Ragne Kyquora, the girl wearing many layers of ethnic-looking skirts. And there was Pelsiona Quaygar, the tall woman wearing a suit of black plate armor and holding a matching full-face helmet in her hand.</p>

      <p>“Facing them are the representatives of Laoravia, the team of the guildmaster of Epic Seeker, Aikawa Kanami! Though of course, his ‘team’ consists of him and no one else! You heard that right, folks—he doesn’t balk at fighting all three by himself! Is he a fool or is he a hero of legend?! People are calling him the<em> trickster</em> of this tournament!”</p>

      <p>I smiled wryly and waved to the crowd weakly.</p>

      <p>“I also have a news flash for you, folks! You won’t believe it, but I’ve received information that just the other day, Aikawa Kanami slew the dragon in the west! What on earth was this man up to in the lead-up to the tournament?! Everything he does is airheaded! Now that he’s a dragon slayer, will he reach the other dragon slayer, Glenn Walker, who’s on the opposite end of the tourney?!”</p>

      <p>Personal information about me was now out there, all so the presenter could fuel the hype, and that information was half rubbish anyway. I’d really have loved it if he’d stopped painting me as some bonehead. It was rather an outrage. But the crowd cheered even louder when they heard him call me a “dragon slayer hero.” I scowled as I walked to the center of the arena.</p>

      <p>“Now then, contestants, please decide on the format of the match!”</p>

      <p>Ms. Quaygar walked over from the opposite side, and we faced one another.</p>

      <p>“The tournament brackets bless us, Sir Aikawa. To think we would cross paths this quickly.”</p>

      <p>“I look forward to our match today, Ms. Quaygar.”</p>

      <p>“Now, about the ruleset...”</p>

      <p>“Yes, about that. I don’t wish to accept anything other than the standard ruleset. Let’s agree on a three-on-one ‘knocking the weapon’ match.”</p>

      <p>It was the ruleset Raggie and I had decided on beforehand. Ms. Quaygar frowned a tad.</p>

      <p>“We aren’t total strangers. I certainly wouldn’t mind going for something more involved than such a dull ruleset. What say you?”</p>

      <p>“No, there’s no need for that. I’d like a standard ruleset with nothing at stake.”</p>

      <p>“But think of the festival spirit. As the master of a guild that serves your state, wouldn’t you like to liven this festival up?”</p>

      <p>She was refusing to back down. As Raggie had warned me, she was clearly trying to get me to agree to something.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. I’m not participating in the Brawl as a representative of my guild. I’m fighting for very personal reasons, so...”</p>

      <p>“Hm. So even if we win...”</p>

      <p>“You’re not getting anything out of me, no.”</p>

      <p>At that, Ms. Quaygar seemed distressed. She must not have expected me to be so obstinate. Maybe she figured I would be easy to talk into doing things after watching Round 2. The silence between us dragged on, and Franrühle cut in with a disappointed expression.</p>

      <p>“If you truly insist, I suppose we can’t force it.” But then her expression turned cheerier and she proffered a hand as she said, “I do declare, it’d pain my heart if the three came a-slashing at you and there was nothing in it for you! So if you can beat us, we’ll ordain you a knight of Whoseyards! Heh heh, now that’s an honor!”</p>

      <p>“So even if I win, I lose? Allow me to politely decline.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?! Th-That’s no good either?!”</p>

      <p>“It’s no good either.”</p>

      <p>Why would she think I’d give the nod to that anyway? I really did not like this girl.</p>

      <p>“But... But if neither side has anything to gain or lose, that’d make for a boring match!”</p>

      <p>I didn’t much care for her, but there was something I wanted out of this Franrühle Hellvilleshine no matter what. I pretended to cave, but it was actually a condition I’d come up with that morning. “You’re right—putting nothing on the line might be a bit too dull. Let’s see...” Before the girl before my eyes could take back the reins of the conversation, I finished my thought. “If I win...I’d like you to come to my room later. There’s something I’d like to discuss with you.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? You want me to come to your room?”</p>

      <p>I wanted to tell her about her little brother’s attempt on my life. And I wanted to get her to curb him so that I’d never be attacked by him again, if possible. While exploiting her crush on me like that wasn’t great on the conscience, I figured it was necessary in order to resolve the Liner thing in a swift manner.</p>

      <p>She suddenly started getting all fired up. “Th-That sounds reasonable! Let’s go with that! Let’s do it! In fact, I welcome it! Now then, let’s get the match rolling!”</p>

      <p>“Ah, uh, sure. Let’s start the match, I guess.”</p>

      <p>I recoiled a bit at the steep climb in her enthusiasm, but I was relieved that the bet was now set in stone. And it seemed I could fight without any funny business being thrust upon me.</p>

      <p>“Don’t approve the bet without us, Fran...”</p>

      <p>Ms. Quaygar, who was watching from behind, sighed and slapped her subordinate’s head. With that blow, Franrühle came to her senses and ran to hide behind Raggie, an embarrassed look on her face. Ms. Quaygar ignored that and spoke to me.</p>

      <p>“I must say, that’s an intriguing proposal. So then, Sir Aikawa. If we win, would you come to my room to hear what I have to say?”</p>

      <p>“That sounds reasonable.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t hate it. May I interpret that as you giving me an hour or so to try to persuade you?”</p>

      <p>“Sure. And I’d like to borrow Ms. Franrühle for around an hour myself.”</p>

      <p>“Then it’s settled. You might have beaten us one-on-one, but we’re going to show you that the true might of the Celestial Knights is only unleashed when we fight together.”</p>

      <p>It seemed I’d fought against Ms. Quaygar in the past too. Now I was even more curious about what on earth my past self had gotten up to.</p>

      <p>The presenter took that as his cue to inform the crowd, “Good heavens! He wants to bring a scioness of the one and only House of Hellvilleshine to his room! During the last match, he obtained notoriety as the ditzy and timid guildmaster, but it seems there must have been extenuating circumstances! After all, being that way might just be unavoidable—when the apple of his eye is participating in the same tournament, that is! By the way, Mr. Kanami, I get the feeling Ms. Quaygar was being a bit forward with you too! As you can see, he’s <em>very</em> popular, folks! In this standard ‘knocking the weapon’ ruleset match, whoever loses will get whisked away to the winner’s room!”</p>

      <p><em>“Whisked away,” he says...</em> I sensed he was choosing his words with less than the purest of intentions. Sure, hyping up the crowd was his job, but I’d have liked him to exercise a little more prudence. <em>Look, even the straight-laced Ms. Quaygar’s red in the face. She’s fuming...</em></p>

      <p>We subsequently reported to the presenter which weapons fell under the “knocking the weapon” victory condition. It didn’t take long to decide, as we were all holding our respective trusty blades in our hands. I didn’t neglect to use Analyze on my opponents’ equipment.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【ORNAMENTAL MAGIC GEM SWORD】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Attack Power 1</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Surprisingly, Raggie’s sword was much weaker than it looked. The other two, on the other hand, were wielding inarguably excellent blades. They were a match for my proud possession, the Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword. And their team boasted another piece of equipment whose power was even more off-the-charts than those high-quality swords.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【BLACK ARMOR ALFENLYTE】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Defense Power 6 Magic Resistance 7</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Increases user’s AGI by 10%</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>It was Ms. Quaygar’s armor. I had no doubt that it was among the highest-level suits of armor in the world. It could very well be impossible to deal any damage to her when fighting with a sword as normal. And they had a whole host of other arms as well. All three of them were holding a large quantity of magic tools in their clothes. I could only assume they had worked out strategies against me based on the information acquired from my first match. And I should probably have expected my opponents to use magic tools against me in all future battles.</p>

      <p>As I was revising my battle plan while poring through their menus, my eyes met Raggie’s.</p>

      <p>“M-Mister, you ignored my warning...” she said, lamenting the fact that her efforts had gone in vain.</p>

      <p>I apologized. While I’d had the largest say, I’d still ended up agreeing to a bet. “Er, uh...I’m really sorry. There was a bit of a change in circumstances. It’ll be all right, though. I’ll do as you advised and go all out. As such...”</p>

      <p>Unlike the day before, I wasn’t going to let my guard down in the least during this match. I had a reason I absolutely could not afford to lose, so I fully intended to hit them with everything Aikawa Kanami had in his arsenal.</p>

      <p>“I won’t be losing.”</p>

      <p>I said it. Of course, I knew that there was no such thing as a battle I literally couldn’t lose. Regardless, I vowed I’d win. Raggie must have sensed the strength of my resolve; with a reluctant expression, she nodded and withdrew. With that, the prematch talk was over, and the Celestial Knights and I distanced ourselves from each other.</p>

      <p>“Now then, let’s commence Round 3 of the North Area of the Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball!”</p>

      <p>Round 3 was on.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Wintermension!</em>”</p>

      <p>The second the match started, I distanced myself even more while crafting a spell. I was confident that if I’d attacked from the word go, I could have finished it in an instant, but for this match, I planned to leave absolutely nothing to chance. Raggie said she had experience fighting me, which meant there was a decent chance a surprise attack wouldn’t work on her. It was safer to gather intel for the time being.</p>

      <p>I surveyed the Celestial Knights from afar. They were also casting their support spells at the moment. I looked at their menus once again, noting the changes in their Condition sections.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Body Boost 0.70</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>They were all getting the same buff cast on them. That magic was thanks to Pelsiona Quaygar’s <em>Growth</em>. Since it was the type of magic that permeated their bodies, I couldn’t obstruct it. I grasped the exact amount their physical abilities had risen through the numbers.</p>

      <p>The fact that I could gauge my opponents’ strength before the fight started was a huge advantage. It was the same in my world—if you already knew the boss’s HP or attack power or the like going in, it changed the difficulty level. My weapons were more than just my swords and magic. I also could also gather information through menu-sight, and I enjoyed the adaptability that my inventory afforded me. In addition, my brain’s processing speed and analytical ability had been great enough to surprise even Palinchron, and Lorwen had dubbed my powers of observation and understanding “superhuman.” These were all weapons in my arsenal, and there was no reason not to make use of them.</p>

      <p>“<em>Growth</em>. All right, that’s all of us. Now we just need to assume the formation and attack!”</p>

      <p>They started to assume their battle formation, with Ms. Quaygar at the center.</p>

      <p>“Yes, understood,” said Franrühle.</p>

      <p>“Got it, boss,” said Raggie.</p>

      <p>Ms. Quaygar stepped out in front, and the other two flanked her from the rear. Then all three started running. I observed, analyzed, and memorized it all—their muscle contractions, the shifting of their centers of gravity, the movement of their eyes, the words they spoke, the subtle changes in their facial expressions, their body temperatures, their heart palpitations. No matter how granular, I detected and memorized every vital sign. It was essentially the same process as the time I’d mirrored all of Lorwen’s techniques, but my goal now wasn’t to emulate them. Instead, I focused on ways to counter them.</p>

      <p>I brandished my blade, ready to intercept the incoming enemies.</p>

      <p>“<em>Reys Wynd!</em>”</p>

      <p>The first shot was Franrühle’s wind spell. It was a vacuum blade, like the cuts the vacuum formed by a whirlwind could inflict. Though the magic was invisible to the naked eye, my dimensional magic could accurately perceive it. I dodged it with ease, then evaded Raggie’s follow-up attack—the extensible energy sword borne of the Magic Power Materialization skill. Since Lorwen had once shown me that skill, I was able to evade it with time to spare. Knowing my opponents’ skills in advance truly was a strong power to possess.</p>

      <p>The third of the rapid-fire attacks was Ms. Quaygar’s black sword. Her stats specialized in pure physical might. If I took any full-on blows from her, it would wreck me.</p>

      <p>She swung her blade laterally from the side, and I straightened up and swayed back in order to dodge.</p>

      <p>“Phew.” I fled to the rear.</p>

      <p>It had been a magnificent tri-pronged attack. The three were dancing to the same beat, attacking in perfect harmony. They must have done some serious training together. The next volley of attacks came quite quickly on the heels of that first one, so that was no fluke.</p>

      <p>As I retreated, the three before my eyes unleashed their second tri-pronged attack. This time around, Raggie’s magic energy sword came at me first, thereby restricting where I could go. Ms. Quaygar took advantage of that to come in with a heavy swing, once again slashing sideways but aiming for my legs. However, she clearly wasn’t expecting to actually hit me; she was probably trying to make me jump into the air so that I could eat one of Franrühle’s spells.</p>

      <p>I cleanly dodged the spell without leaping up. By closely examining the information I gleaned via <em>Dimension</em> and continually making the optimal choices, I kept successfully evading their onslaught. And as I did so, I could feel my sleep-dulled cognitive faculties gradually becoming keener and keener. My fatigue had come full circle; in fact, I felt <em>refreshed.</em> It was a lot like the weird hyper feeling you get after staying up all night.</p>

      <p>I was reading every move like a book, and I could tell that as I continued to dodge their attacks and observe, my analytical skills were steadily making my chance of winning tick up. I got the feeling that the more time I spent doing this, the more accurately I could predict the enemy’s movements. By dodging and avoiding and evading, I was working to gradually but reliably bring the win rate closer to a hundred percent.</p>

      <p>The trio’s coordinated assault was a sight to behold. I felt the urge to just keep watching them at work, for the sake of the battles to come. But that wouldn’t do. Not after I’d declared I’d go all out, and not after Lastiara had told me not to take too much time.</p>

      <p>I was finished analyzing them. My win rate had gotten sufficiently high, and now it was time to counterattack.</p>

      <p>“Checkmate,” I murmured.</p>

      <p>No longer on the defensive, I took a step forward. Naturally, the three didn’t even look at each other before attacking their now slightly closer enemy with a new combo. There wasn’t an iota of hesitation or misalignment. That was the greatest strength of the Celestial Knights team—the kind of teamwork that could only come to fruition through advanced training. But by the same token, if I could throw that teamwork off-balance, victory would certainly be mine.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Wintermension</em>.”</p>

      <p>I used the paltry amount of MP I had left to make it “winter.” I deliberately reduced <em>Wintermension</em>’s spatial comprehension ability to its lowest limits, focusing only on cooling the space around us. Then I turned that cold on Franrühle. It wasn’t enough to totally obstruct her freedom of motion, but it would create that feeling that something was off. For example, if somebody was about to draw their trusty sword, it would feel like a strange, unfamiliar sword to the touch. And the more that one had trained with that sword, the greater the sense of incongruity.</p>

      <p>As a result, their coordination went ever so slightly out of whack. Though the rhythm of Franrühle’s movements was only slightly slower, their teamwork was so tight that it mattered.</p>

      <p>“Fran! What the?”</p>

      <p>“I... I’m sorry, Head Knight, I’m cold all of a sudden!”</p>

      <p>Needless to say, they tried to fix it. Grasping Franrühle’s situation, Ms. Quaygar changed her position to be more in sync with her now slightly slower comrade, and Raggie also slowed down the tempo of her attacks in accordance with the others. In terms of team play, that level of adaptability was ideal. Unfortunately for them, it was also a downright hopeless strategy against my magic.</p>

      <p>After the other two slowed down to be in sync with Franrühle, I made <em>Wintermension</em> stop interfering with her. And because they’d started dancing to the same beat again, Franrühle was out of sync once more, now stepping <em>ahead</em> of her group. That was what I’d been aiming for.</p>

      <p>Naturally, the other two tried to rush to her defense, but this time Raggie was the one who lagged behind. And that was to be expected, given I was focusing <em>Wintermension</em>’s chill on her now.</p>

      <p>“Ragne!”</p>

      <p>“Looks like it’s my turn!”</p>

      <p>Raggie calmly tried to make up the difference by speeding up her movements, but their tidy formation was crumbling bit by bit. Next, I made Franrühle’s and Ms. Quaygar’s movements significantly slower so that only Raggie was at the fore. Since she had the most potential out of the three, I was going to take her down first.</p>

      <p>“Gah!”</p>

      <p>A not so girlish grunt came out of Raggie when she leaped forward next to me without the other two. I put all my strength into my swing, striking up from below with a sword I created through Magic Power Materialization. Then I used the disarming technique I had learned from Lorwen to whack Raggie’s mostly decorative sword from her hands.</p>

      <p>She was out.</p>

      <p>“Tch!”</p>

      <p>“Oh no, Ms. Ragne!”</p>

      <p>The remaining two attacked from both sides. In response, I picked up Raggie’s fallen sword and blocked their swords with it plus my own sword. I poured all my magic energy into one and all my physical strength into the other. The <em>Wintermension </em>cold hit Ms. Quaygar to slow down her movement while I knocked Franrühle far away. Then I ignored the heavily armored Ms. Quaygar and ran toward Franrühle, planning to finish her off next.</p>

      <p>I closed in on my opponent, who’d been thrown off-balance, and tried to steal her sword with my bare hands. However, the moment I grabbed her wrist, I was thrown off-balance myself, as if some force were pulling me in.</p>

      <p>The minimum-capacity <em>Dimension</em> caught it all. By lowering her hips, relaxing her hands, and sinking down, she’d used my own strength against me. I’d thought Franrühle was more of a mage, but it seemed that one needed to have at least some martial arts prowess to call themselves a knight. If this momentum held, I would get caught in a one-arm shoulder throw in short order, so I used <em>Dimension: Calculash</em> to analyze the flow of movement. Then, instead of trying to go against that momentum, I rode the flow, making a full revolution in the air and landing on my feet.</p>

      <p>Franrühle was gobsmacked that I had managed to evade the shoulder throw through my bizarre response. “Huh? You... You can’t be serious?!”</p>

      <p>That created an opening, and I tossed her into the air using just the power of my left hand. There was no martial arts or any sort of technique to it. It was just the power of my stats run amok.</p>

      <p>Franrühle flew through the sky. “Wait, whaaaaat?!”</p>

      <p>It was an artless, crude attack that relied on pure power, but it seemed to have been pretty damn effective. Since I’d caught her wrist in a death grip, she dropped her sword from the pain. I’d done it to merely divide the pair, but now Franrühle was out of the picture too. In fact, she had flown up so high that it put <em>me</em> off.</p>

      <p>Seeing that she was neutralized, I confronted Ms. Quaygar, who was closing in from behind me. It had turned into a one-on-one duel. There was no more need for any little tricks, and it seemed Ms. Quaygar had picked up on my fighting spirit. She unleashed a beastly war cry and slashed at me.</p>

      <p>“<em>Dimension: Calculash!</em>”</p>

      <p>The big black sword and my own blade collided. Naturally, I was the only one who got blown back; I was no match for her insane 11-point STR stat. It left me off-balance and wide open, and she attacked a second time. But in a one-on-one, I could essentially dodge her indefinitely.</p>

      <p>I wrenched my body to the limit to evade the blow, and with that momentum, I slashed up at her sword from directly below. I hit the middle of her black armor, and a dull clank rang out. The impact shifted her off position a bit, but the armor itself was undented. Sure enough, destroying this black armor would be no easy task.</p>

      <p>I changed my target from the armor to the gaps in it. As I dodged her sword by paper-thin margins, I stuck my blade into one of those gaps.</p>

      <p>“Grah!” groaned Ms. Quaygar.</p>

      <p>But that didn’t stop me. The gaps between the armor that protected her fingers, the gap between the gauntlets and the rest of the armor, the gaps in the shoulder joints—I relentlessly slashed my way through her sword-wielding right arm. And then, for the finishing blow, I hit her sword while she took a big swing with it. Unable to keep it aloft due to the slashes on her right arm, she released her sword.</p>

      <p>“Rgh. I suppose one-on-one was a losing battle,” she muttered bitterly, dropping to her knees.</p>

      <p>To round out the match, I turned my attention to the sky. Franrühle, who had been in the air for a few seconds, was about to drop back down.</p>

      <p>“Franrühle!” I shouted.</p>

      <p>My eyes met with the slightly teary-eyed mage girl. I communicated my intention to catch her by sticking my sword into the ground, and she nodded in response. I figured out the landing point with <em>Dimension</em> and ran with all my might. Then I gently broke Franrühle’s fall, holding her in what ended up being a princess carry, before I came to a stop.</p>

      <p>“Phew.”</p>

      <p>My eyes met hers. I had tried to catch her as gently as possible, but I knew she might still be in pain. Her teary eyes were trained on me.</p>

      <p>“Uh, are you okay?”</p>

      <p>“S-Sir Sieg... Ow!”</p>

      <p>She’d glomped me out of nowhere. I ended up dropping her due to my innate discomfort with her, and Franrühle fell on her backside.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, didn’t mean to...” I extended a hand.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s okay. That was better than falling to the ground without someone catching me.”</p>

      <p>After I pulled her back to her feet, I scanned our surroundings. The presenter was just about to make his announcement to the crowd.</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s a wrap, folks! It was so fast I don’t know what order he disarmed them in, but after an impartial review, we’ve determined that the last one to relinquish their weapon was Mr. Kanami! And what’s more, it seems he only dropped it in order to catch the falling Hellvilleshine maid! All of the ladies in the venue are deeply moved by his gentlemanly demeanor!”</p>

      <p>Once again, I sensed an exploitative streak to his commentary. It seemed he meant to ignore the fact that I had recklessly dropped Franrühle almost as soon as I’d caught her. He must have figured it’d get the crowd more worked up that way.</p>

      <p>“The winner is clear! Mr. Aikawa Kanami has fulfilled the victory condition! He’ll advance to Round 4!”</p>

      <p>And so the match came to an end. Raggie and Ms. Quaygar sheathed their fallen weapons and came over to me to ask for a handshake, their expressions peaceful.</p>

      <p>“Man oh man, you really got me. Guess the third time’s <em>not</em> the charm, huh? Damn!”</p>

      <p>Judging by her expression, she didn’t actually seem too chagrined.</p>

      <p>“Tell the truth, Raggie. You weren’t going all out.”</p>

      <p>She’d told me to give it my all, but she herself had definitely phoned it in. I had a high opinion of her, partly because she was a lot like Lorwen and partly because her easygoing demeanor had me feeling there was something...immeasurable about her, for lack of a better term. It was hard to put into words, but I felt a strength in her that couldn’t be expressed in mere numbers.</p>

      <p>Raggie just laughed my comment off. Then Ms. Quaygar gave me some praise for a fight well fought as we shook hands.</p>

      <p>“That was a fine showing, Sir Aikawa. I can scarcely believe we were defeated head-on with these terms...”</p>

      <p>“Oh no, your teamwork was superb. It frazzled my nerves and then some before I could trip you up.”</p>

      <p>Ms. Quaygar’s genuine and good-faith attitude helped me relax. Were it not for that weird lingering tension between us, I felt like we could have even been on friendly terms.</p>

      <p>“I see... Now, as promised, you may take Franrühle with you. To the winner go the spoils.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, ma’am. Allow me to talk to—”</p>

      <p>But unfortunately, my favorable impression of Ms. Quaygar was about to end there.</p>

      <p>“You can ask her out or do whatever else you want! I don’t particularly mind if you ask her to marry you, even. Whoseyards will back you wholeheartedly. Whatever Laoravia tells you, just know that we’re fully prepared to make you one of the Celestial Knights!”</p>

      <p>She’d spoken so loudly that her voice had reached the mic the presenter was holding.</p>

      <p>“Hey! Could you please stop doing that?! I mean, for real!”</p>

      <p>Unsurprisingly, upon hearing that, the presenter went to town. “I knew it, Mr. Kanami! You intend to bring her to your room so you can ask her out! And that’s not all, folks! He’s received permission from the state itself! But that’s just the vaunted hero of Laoravia for you!”</p>

      <p>I was starting to feel like this guy was my greatest foe.</p>

      <p>“Now that he’s won on this grand stage, we can’t stop him! While it’s a shame that such an interesting contestant is now <em>taken</em>, let’s send them off with a round of applause! So long, Kanami! So long, Lady Franrühle! And take things nice and easy!”</p>

      <p>This guy was getting awfully chummy after only two matches. And he was only getting that chummy with me, to boot. I heaved a sigh lamenting this dismal state of affairs. And right by me, Ms. Quaygar also heaved a sigh.</p>

      <p>“Ragne,” she said, “I’ve done everything that was in my power, haven’t I?” She was beginning to let herself gripe, as if to say a pain-in-the-ass job was finally over.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I think you’re okay now, boss. It totally looked like you did what you could, however awkward you sounded.”</p>

      <p>“I was never any good at this kind of mission to begin with... I always left it up to Palinchron and Hopes, so I’m extremely ill-equipped. As such, I’m returning to Whoseyards to resume my knight training. I leave the rest to you.”</p>

      <p>“You got it, boss.”</p>

      <p>Ms. Quaygar left the arena a step ahead of the others, and Raggie led Franrühle by the hand to me.</p>

      <p>“Okay, mister, let’s head on over.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, you’re coming too, Raggie? Did... Did I miss something, or...?”</p>

      <p>We eventually left the yapping presenter behind, and I took Franrühle and Raggie out of the arena. While I did hear some very unwanted comments from the spectators behind us, I ignored them all, and together we headed for my room.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Now that Round 3 was over, my concentration, which had reached a peak during the battle, was waning as we walked. At the same time, all of my underlying physical complaints were coming back with a vengeance. I was assailed by high-intensity nausea and drowsiness, and I was too dizzy to walk straight.</p>

      <p><em>I’m so hungry...and thirsty too...I want some water, and fast...</em></p>

      <p>The bile was rising in my throat, and it felt unpleasant. I could taste the acidity on the back of my tongue. The inner part of my nose was painfully prickly too. I’d never felt worse in my whole life. Scratch that—I couldn’t say that until I regained my memories. Suffice it to say, I was suffering more than a little, and I couldn’t imagine how it could get worse.</p>

      <p>I kept my hand to my mouth as I staggered onward.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What ever is the matter, Sir Sieg?!”</p>

      <p>“It’s okay... I’m just a little tired is all...”</p>

      <p>I stopped Franrühle from coming any closer with a hand. Then we kept walking without a word. Sensing my not-so-welcoming mood, neither of us said anything, and in time, we reached the luxury hotel ship. I was planning to talk to the two in the room that the Brawl staff had arranged for me early on. Franrühle was being strangely fidgety, so I intended to get our little chat over with quickly.</p>

      <p>I opened the door to my designated room.</p>

      <p>“Welcome back, Kanami!”</p>

      <p>I had company—Dia was sitting on the sofa. I’d told my allies that morning that I was planning to talk to Franrühle in this room, so it seemed she’d come here out of concern for me. But she’d come awfully early. My match hadn’t taken that much time. The negotiations before the match might have taken a little while, but that was it. I assumed that that meant Lastiara’s team had finished their match even faster.</p>

      <p>“Dia? Where are the others?”</p>

      <p>“Lastiara and Sera are taking a walk outside. They said they’d keep an eye out while they talked.”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, Lastiara had taken on the watchdog role. That meant I could focus on my discussion with Franrühle.</p>

      <p>“So the talk won’t just be the two of us, then,” said Franrühle dejectedly.</p>

      <p>For some reason, it was Dia who replied. “Of course not, Blondie.”</p>

      <p>“Never mind that, Dia. Why are you in Sir Sieg’s room? Could it be you two are staying the night <em>together</em>?!”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh. Kanami and I are buddies, see. We’re on the same ride in life, so we’re always together.”</p>

      <p>“I... I don’t believe it! Though for some reason, I feel like I can approve as long as it’s you, Dia. You’re a little like a difficult younger sibling to him. The type of friend who’ll never turn into something more!”</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, I resent that! You making fun of my height?”</p>

      <p>Figuring they’d keep trading quips this way, I cut in. “Hold on. Let me talk first... This is really important stuff.”</p>

      <p>I wanted to get this over with, and that desire was all the stronger thanks to my headache. Besides, we had a time limit to beat. While I was sure Franrühle wouldn’t mind waiting for me for days if I asked her to, according to the terms of the bet, I had her for maybe an hour.</p>

      <p>“You’re right. My bad. Kanami, Blondie, sit over here and chat your hearts out.”</p>

      <p>Dia guided us to our seats. Seeing how admirably Dia was behaving, Franrühle buried her indignation.</p>

      <p>“Ah, come over here, Kanami. I’ll heal ya.” Dia patted her seat, urging me to sit. The magic energy about her transformed into a warm light. It seemed she meant to cast a healing spell on me.</p>

      <p>“Nah, you don’t have to. My duty right now is to get even more tired.”</p>

      <p>“But healing magic doesn’t cure your fatigue. All it does is heal your wounds. So come over here.”</p>

      <p>“It’s just, I didn’t really take much damage, so...”</p>

      <p>“You can never be too careful.”</p>

      <p>She took me by the hand and forced me to sit beside her. Her magic energy flowed into me, and the scratches and bruises on my body faded away. During that time, she gripped my hand tightly, with no sign of letting go. I got the feeling that just being away for a bit to do the match, her mental condition had reared its head again. Dia didn’t let go even after her treatment was over, as if that were only natural. She was more than willing to chat this way, and since Franrühle was on the other side of the table, she didn’t notice. I figured there was no helping it and that I might as well get to talking while holding Dia’s hand. I’d gotten tired of thinking about all this stuff.</p>

      <p>Franrühle saw that I was done healing. “Now then, Sir Sieg, what is it you would like to talk about? I’m getting the sense that it isn’t what I was hoping it would be.”</p>

      <p>“Right, let’s talk. So, uh, it’s about your little brother, Liner... Do you know what he’s been up to lately?”</p>

      <p>Franrühle tilted her head, puzzled. “Liner? He’s volunteering as a Brawl security guard. He said he wanted to kill time while we were participating in the matches.”</p>

      <p>“A security guard, huh?”</p>

      <p>Maybe that was how he’d been able to stop the functioning of that ley line. And if that was the case, he’d been planning that sneak attack for quite some time.</p>

      <p>“Ms. Franrühle, I want you to stay calm as I tell you this. The truth is, last night, he tried to take my life.”</p>

      <p>“Wha?” It seemed what I’d said wasn’t sinking in right away.</p>

      <p>“It looks as though he can’t find it in himself to let us live at our ease. So he made an attempt on my life to avenge his brother Hine.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Is... Is that true?”</p>

      <p>“It is. And an acquaintance of mine can testify to it. There’s no mistake.”</p>

      <p>“Oh my goodness!”</p>

      <p>The news of the vicious crime her little brother intended to commit had her trembling. Judging by that reaction, I could tell that Liner honestly hadn’t told her anything.</p>

      <p>“If possible, I’d like you to stop him, Ms. Franrühle.”</p>

      <p>“Of course! I’ll go stop him right away!”</p>

      <p>I was hoping she could persuade him so it didn’t have to come to a fight. Raggie, who’d been waiting in the back, calmly asked a question.</p>

      <p>“Mister, was Liner really trying to avenge Mr. Hine?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. He said so himself.”</p>

      <p>“Avenge Sir Hine?” Franrühle managed. “But that was... What happened was unavoidable.”</p>

      <p>“Well, Liner doesn’t seem to think so. He clearly views me, Lastiara, and Palinchron as enemies.”</p>

      <p>After turning it over in her head, Raggie muttered, “Those three specifically? Looks like he knows what happened that day. Which is weird.” She took Franrühle by the hand. “C’mon, Franny, let’s go look for Liner.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, right, yes, let’s go. We need to find that dummy as quickly as possible.”</p>

      <p>In order to provide what aid I could for their search, I gave them a suggestion. “Oh, before you go, I think that if he’s hiding someplace, it’s not in the west area since my detection magic isn’t picking him up.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. Thanks for telling us about Liner. ’Kay, bye, then.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much, Sir Sieg! Allow me to properly apologize to you next time!”</p>

      <p>They flung the door open and flew right out. I was relieved for the moment. While I didn’t consider the Liner problem resolved, I’d done what was in my power.</p>

      <p>Franrühle and Raggie were quickly replaced by Lastiara and Ms. Sera, who must have seen them leave before they entered the room.</p>

      <p>“I see your chat’s over. I hope that’s helped at least a little to lower the general danger level,” said Lastiara as we started going on the move as a group (Lastiara’s hotel, where we had a floor to ourselves, was more convenient for anything we might do).</p>

      <p>“Depends on our luck, I’d say. There’s no guarantee Liner will relent just because his big sister gave him an earful. It was better than doing nothing, but that’s about it.”</p>

      <p>“Now I guess we defend Dia like our lives depend on it while also weakening you, Kanami. By the way, how’d your match today go? Was it rough without any sleep?”</p>

      <p>“Actually, I felt dead on my feet at first, but during the fight itself, I feel like I came alive again. Maybe it was the adrenaline from the battle.”</p>

      <p>“Hm? ‘Adrenaline’?”</p>

      <p>It seemed the word wasn’t widely known in this world. “Er, you know how, like, your concentration goes up when you’re on the verge of death, or when you get that rush of strength during a crisis? Or do you ever get weirdly amped up after an all-nighter? It’s like that.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, yeah, totally. I do feel like I can concentrate super well when death approaches! I know what you’re talking about. So that’s called ‘adrenaline,’ then? And that’s why today’s match was easy?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it was no sweat. My head was clear, so I was able to win the match using the minimum amount of magic.”</p>

      <p>“Your head was clear? You did beat them in no time, and it looks like you’ve got energy to spare too. I’d honestly thought that since Pelly was there, you’d have a slightly harder time of it.”</p>

      <p>“Me too, honestly.”</p>

      <p>It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to call it a flawless victory. Then again, looking back, I got the feeling that Franrühle was the only one of the three that had been giving it her very best.</p>

      <p>“All righty, it’s time to push you around even more. Gotta get you real, real weak!” she said with great relish. That wasn’t the kind of line you wanted to hear coming from someone with a smile on their face.</p>

      <p>“Um, uh...Lastiara? What do you plan to do to me?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, you don’t need to be so scared. I’m not gonna do anything too weird to you.”</p>

      <p>“I’m barely holding it together outside of combat, so please be gentle...”</p>

      <p>“I’m only planning to enjoy a nice long conversation with you so you don’t fall asleep. Look, I bought a bunch of expensive sweets, so let’s have ourselves a tea party, the four of us!”</p>

      <p>Lastiara laughed while holding up confections in one hand. A chill ran down my spine. My gut was warning me that what was about to unfold was akin to a torture session. Sensing that was a glimpse of the Responsiveness that Lorwen had taught me, and as a result, my body tried to flee of its own accord. However, the hand that Dia was holding prevented all escape. She continued to show no sign of releasing me anytime soon, and her smile told me she was looking forward to the tea party.</p>

      <p>We eventually reached Lastiara and company’s hotel room.</p>

      <p>“Ready for some <em>fun?</em> Tell me you’re not happy right now, Kanami. You’re joining in on a pajama party with girls as cute as us!”</p>

      <p>“Hey, uh, why don’t we go with some other method? I’m pretty sure staying on the move would drain my stamina more.”</p>

      <p>“Nope. This is the best method. I’m sure of it. I can tell by the look on your face! Hee hee hee!”</p>

      <p>Lastiara entered the room and immediately set about preparing a space for a tea party. I was left with no choice but to step into that ring of hell. This would be more excruciating than the Dungeon, and that was no exaggeration. To be shaken awake every time I started nodding off and subjected to trivial blathering without any end in sight? Hell on earth.</p>

      <p>Being deprived of a wink of sleep when sleep was all one could think of—I’d heard of torture methods in my world that sounded a lot like that. You could call this a subcategory of that form of torture. Three people would take turns talking to me. I was clung to by a needy Dia, teased by Lastiara, and taken to task by Ms. Sera. Even worse, most of it was stuff about “Sieg” that I had no recollection of. This would continue until the next match. That was how I spent my second night in the bowels of hell.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>It was the wee hours of the morning, and right now I was chatting with Lastiara. Dia had hit the hay fairly early, and Ms. Sera was accompanying her sleeping comrade so that she wasn’t alone.</p>

      <p>Lastiara yawned. “Nobody’s coming to attack us, and nothing’s gonna happen. I’m kinda bored now.”</p>

      <p>She slumped onto the table. Maybe she’d simply run out of stuff to talk about.</p>

      <p>I was on the brink of losing heart. “Hff... Hff...”</p>

      <p>“You’re breathing heavy, Kanami. You sound like a panting pervert.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, let me rest a little, tiny bit... Please...”</p>

      <p>“No; if I let you rest now, all this effort goes to waste. This is necessary if we want to ensure you can’t fight back at all. I’m really sorry, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>Her face stiffened a tad at the sight of my extraordinary weariness. It wasn’t her usual amused expression; she seemed genuinely apologetic.</p>

      <p>“I know, man, but...it’s still rough, you know?”</p>

      <p>“How, uh... How about you take your mind off it by doing something? Oh, I know! Since the four of us are together and there are no enemies attacking us, you could try expanding your detection magic a bit. Maybe you’ll spot somebody nearby who’s preparing to take us by surprise.”</p>

      <p>“Good idea. And I’m a little worried about Snow too. Is she getting some square meals in?”</p>

      <p>Snow was so lazy that from time to time, her desire to avoid work would beat out her hunger. I hoped she wasn’t going to collapse from lack of food...though come to think of it, that would kind of help us out.</p>

      <p>“Oh? So even in the state you’re in, you still worry about her.”</p>

      <p>“She’s a handful, but she’s still been my partner this whole time. And that reminds me—I wonder how Lorwen’s doing too. But expanding <em>Dimension</em> to cover the south area’s kinda too much for me right now. For now, let’s go with Spellcast: <em>Layered Dimension</em>.”</p>

      <p>I used the MP that had ticked back up over the last few hours and expanded my magical perception field. I tried finding Snow in the west area, only to soon find somebody I wasn’t expecting. Two familiar faces were conversing on the deck of a nearby ship. Snow and Reaper were talking so close by. I was curious about what they were discussing, and when I tried to focus some more magic energy on them, Reaper took note. Her body jolted like a startled cat, and she started scanning the vicinity. Since she was effectively a mage of the same element as me, she seemed sensitive to my <em>Dimension</em>.</p>

      <p>Knowing that I was watching them, she beckoned to me and said, “Come over here.”</p>

      <p>“Lastiara, Snow and another acquaintance of mine are pretty close by.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, they are?”</p>

      <p>“And the acquaintance is waving for me to come over.”</p>

      <p>“Whoa, for real? I mean, you can’t, can you? I don’t think it’s a trap, but it can’t be a good idea to go anywhere near Snow, right?”</p>

      <p>We looked at each other, but as we were wondering what to do, one of the magic gems in the room started vibrating.</p>

      <p>“You can relax. I won’t be here for long.” It was Snow’s voice. She must have listened in on our conversation, and she didn’t beat around the bush. “Reaper wanted to know where you were, Kanami, so I told her, that’s all. I’ve got no interest in anything besides tomorrow’s match.”</p>

      <p>“Okay. I trust you, Snow.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t want to thoughtlessly inflame tensions, so I figured I’d take her at her word. Hearing my reply, Snow’s expression turned pained. She looked like a child who’d been driven into a corner. My heart cried for her. I knew she was being stupid right now, and for both our sakes, I couldn’t afford to humor her driving desire. But as her partner who’d done guild work with her, I still didn’t want to see her suffering.</p>

      <p>“Kanami, I, uh...” She opened her mouth, and sounds came out. She wanted to tell me something, but she just couldn’t get there. Her expression kept changing at dizzying speeds, until at last: “Uh, okay, so, see you later...Kanami...”</p>

      <p>Maybe she was feeling ashamed after all the sharp words she’d hurled at me the day before. But she probably wouldn’t stop the constant eavesdropping because of it. That was just how the idiot was.</p>

      <p>I warily watched Snow leave the scene. Soon, black energy pooled inside the room, and Reaper emerged from it.</p>

      <p>“Howdy, big brother!”</p>

      <p>“Hey, Reaper. Sup?”</p>

      <p>She looked like her usual self, but since she did have a habit of brooding in secret on her own, I couldn’t let my guard down.</p>

      <p>“Hey, so did Snow say something to you, or...”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. She just asked me to help her out with something.”</p>

      <p>“I had a hunch.”</p>

      <p>“But I turned her down. Said I’m taking no one’s side,” she continued without hesitation.</p>

      <p>No one’s side, including mine, was how I took that.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I know,” I said quietly. I knew that she had her plate full to the brim with her own problems, so I didn’t ask her for help.</p>

      <p>“But you guys are watching out for a surprise attack by Lorwen, right? That, I’ll help you with. It’s why I came all the way to this huge ship!”</p>

      <p>“You wouldn’t mind? Don’t you have yourself to worry about?”</p>

      <p>“I mean, I do, but if Ms. Lastiara’s team drops out here, that won’t be very good for me.”</p>

      <p>“Lastiara dropping out isn’t good for you? But wait, aren’t you on Lorwen’s team? Shouldn’t you be giving him a hand?”</p>

      <p>“Lorwen’s team? Oh yeah, I forgot. But this silly Brawl thing’s got nothing in it for me. If anything, I feel like throwing obstacles his way. I hate to see him being so petty and small-minded.”</p>

      <p>When I had mentioned Lorwen, her expression had turned truly disappointed. And given Lorwen’s remarks the night before, chances were high that the two of them had gotten into a bit of a spat.</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. But what’s this about you being worse off if Lastiara’s team loses?” I didn’t get it. As far as I knew, Reaper had never interacted with any of them.</p>

      <p>Reaper went quiet for a second, then casually told me about her circumstances. “It’s because Lastiara’s team members are magic specialists. I wanna do something nice for them so they do something nice for me in the future. I’ve come to realize that studying books at libraries and listening in on lessons at schools can only get you so far!”</p>

      <p>Reaper’s body was made of magic. In order to solve a problem related to the body she inhabited, she had to rely not on a seasoned physician but a seasoned mage. That made sense. Something did feel a bit off, though.</p>

      <p>“Dimensional magic’s my specialty, so leave the surveillance to me. Believe me, I’ve gotten stronger again! Heh heh!”</p>

      <p>She poured power into her black magic energy, and the darkness grew thicker and denser before my eyes. She wasn’t lying—her energy had gotten stronger before I knew it. I was amazed.</p>

      <p>“Is that about all?” said Lastiara. “I must say, I wasn’t expecting you, Reapy. To think this would be the time when we meet again!”</p>

      <p>“Nice seeing you again, miss!”</p>

      <p>“Lastiara, you know her?” I asked. “Where on earth...”</p>

      <p>“I met her in town a bit ago. I taught her about magic, and in exchange, I had her help me search for somebody.”</p>

      <p>“When I spot people with clearly unusual magic energy like her,” said Reaper, “I can’t not talk to them! Because they might be able to solve my body problem!”</p>

      <p>Their encounter sounded friendly enough. Lastiara rejoiced in their reunion, stroking Reaper’s black hair.</p>

      <p>“That’s why I also know what’s up with Reapy’s body. And I guess that’s why I can trust her. Ah! I don’t mind, but be sure to give Dia a satisfying explanation, okay?”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Okay,” I replied.</p>

      <p>I figured Lastiara trusted Reaper because Reaper wouldn’t want to get on the bad side of the magic experts who could help her with her spell-body. I also considered her reliable on that front. And only on that front.</p>

      <p>In any case, as long as we had somebody else who could use <em>Dimension</em> on our side, the chances we’d get ambushed went way down.</p>

      <p>Lastiara and Reaper really clicked with each other, and they started talking cheerfully between themselves. The innocent little girl’s general mirth was a good fit with Lastiara’s personality.</p>

      <p>Reaper brought up the topic of her body to Lastiara, and she got the opinion of a magic expert. I’d thought she’d shown up because there was something in it for her, but that was just on the surface. I understood that wasn’t all there was to it. The curse-link on my neck was tingling slightly with the emotion that lurked in the recesses of Reaper’s heart.</p>

      <p>“Hm? What’s wrong, mister?” asked Reaper after noticing I was staring.</p>

      <p>“Oh no, it’s nothing... It’s nice to see you again, Reaper...”</p>

      <p>“Yep, same here!”</p>

      <p>On the surface, she didn’t show any sign of what lay within; she was maturing at speeds I hadn’t anticipated. While she still looked like a toddler on the outside, she was nearing adulthood on the inside. The newborn was picking up knowledge from everything she saw and growing up at an alarming rate. She’d started feeling farther away from me.</p>

      <p>If I had the time and the mental energy to think about it, I might have been able to pick up on something important through the curse-link, but my skull was full of sludge just then, and I was in no condition to be pondering anything. As such, I had no choice but to take Reaper’s gesture of goodwill as exactly that. And even if the emotion hidden deep in her psyche was a far cry from goodwill, I would have wanted to help her anyway if I could.</p>

      <p>With Reaper’s aid, I made it to the morning of Day 3 of the Brawl, my exhaustion dragging me down more and more with each passing minute.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>