<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_3"><div class="main">
      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>...</p>

      <p>......</p>

      <p>.........</p>

      <p>I felt like I’d been walking in the depths of darkness for quite some time. That world was oh so comfortable. I’d have loved to stay there forever and ever. In that world, I didn’t need to suffer anymore. Because in that world, everyone was happy</p>

      <p>But that was behind me now. I couldn’t permit myself to stay. I’d vowed not to flee to a comforting lie. I’d vowed not to take a wrong turn. And I’d vowed that if I was lucky enough for there to be a next time, I’d never mess up again!</p>

      <p><em>Ahhh... Finally, I remember everything!</em></p>

      <p>A warm light burned in my world of deep darkness, and truth illuminated my surroundings.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What a stupendously fierce battle, folks! It was truly bloody and bitter! I can’t count how many magnificent and beautiful techniques we saw this match! It was one for the history books! That said, from what I can tell, it’s ended in a draw... Which way have the scales tipped?!”</p>

      <p>I heard voices bouncing in my skull. People calling my name. People worried about me. People putting their expectations on me. People wishing me luck.</p>

      <p>Guided by those voices, I slowly opened my eyes and was greeted by the face of a beautiful girl peering at me with worry. She looked androgynous, but her short blonde hair contained the ornament I’d given her. It seemed as though she was letting me use her lap as a pillow. Maybe the light I’d sensed in the darkness was hers.</p>

      <p>That girl was speaking with another, who was next to her as she kept the healing magic going. “Kanami! I’m healin’ ya, so stay with us!”</p>

      <p>“Ackh, we ended up destroying the bangle, huh? Guess there was no other way. It was just too hard. So, how’s he looking, Dia? Does it seem like you can patch him up?”</p>

      <p>“I think I can manage it...and he won’t have lasting effects either. Boy, am I relieved... No, I can’t let my guard down yet! I’m gonna purify him from head to toe using my magic energy!”</p>

      <p>“G-Gotcha. Keep at it, okay?”</p>

      <p>“Dia? Lastiara?”</p>

      <p>These girls were Diablo Sith and Lastiara Whoseyards. They were my allies. My comrades.</p>

      <p>Dia was sweating buckets healing me. She, or “he,” was using all of her magic energy in order to fix not only my injuries but also my status effects. As for Lastiara...she looked so battered I couldn’t bear to look. Her pretty clothing was all chopped up, and her gorgeous white skin bore countless gashes and wounds. The bruises and still-fresh blood were painful to look at. What pained my heart the most was that her beautiful long hair had gotten a crude cut job, and now it was short. She had a hand to her throat and was using healing magic on herself. And I was the one who’d crushed it.</p>

      <p>“Oh, hey! Kanami—I mean Sieg, I guess? You’ve come to?”</p>

      <p>Her beautiful voice was hoarse, a shadow of its former self.</p>

      <p>“L-Lastiara... Your voice...”</p>

      <p>“Who, me? You don’t gotta worry about it. It’ll heal soon. Never mind that; are your memories good and back?”</p>

      <p>I raked up my memories. The process was accompanied by intense pain, but I examined my recollections regardless. I recalled the events from when I’d first stumbled into the Dungeon all the way to the time Palinchron had defeated me...and I plucked them all from the abyss—the sensation of my two formerly separate memory banks converging was an odd one. The sensation of the boy named Siegfried Vizzita and the boy named Aikawa Kanami fusing together again. But I’d finally restored the real <em>me</em>.</p>

      <p>I’d restored myself, but... “I’m back... Oh man, I finally got my memories back...but that said!”</p>

      <p>“Penny for your thoughts?”</p>

      <p><em>My thoughts?</em></p>

      <p>The memories of Siegfried Vizzita were the memories of an intolerable idiot. But the memories of the Aikawa Kanami who’d lived in Laoravia were even more intolerably idiotic. And that harrowing truth made me want to shriek.</p>

      <p>“Ahhhh! AHHHHHH! I swear!”</p>

      <p>In the process of tracing my two selves’ memories, I’d passed the point where I couldn’t endure it anymore.</p>

      <p>“Ahhh! What the hell have I done?!”</p>

      <p>My memories in Laoravia started off with me <em>thanking</em> Palinchron as a man to whom I owed my life. That, plus my “meeting” Maria, made me want to die. I denounced myself as I all but pulled out my hair.</p>

      <p>“I thought Maria was my sister?! Why didn’t I doubt that sooner?! Why didn’t I notice?! Is my love for Hitaki that weak?! Ahhh! AHHH! I’m pathetic! I’m so sorry to both of them for conflating the two!”</p>

      <p>That was hardly the end of my soul-searching. The memories I’d made while living as Aikawa Kanami flowed in like raging river rapids along with an unceasing stream of various other memories.</p>

      <p>“And what’s this guildmaster nonsense?! After I took so much care to keep my distance from organizations, not only did I get involved with one, I became its <em>leader!</em> If I wanted to earn money, there were other ways to do it! Palinchron duped me so easily! Am I an idiot or what?! No, but seriously, am I just <em>dumb?!</em>”</p>

      <p>“S-Sieg, you’re not an idiot!” said Dia. “You’re a damn sight smarter than <em>I</em> am!”</p>

      <p>But the more words of support I heard, the more pathetic I felt. My path through my memories moved to my encounter with Snow. Every aspect of those thoughts was so embarrassing. I was burning with shame. My lips were trembling and my voice sounded weird. “Thank you, Dia! But I was stupid! I was a total dunce! I told you so many times not to show your cards, yet I wound up using my dimensional magic unabashedly! And I was using it all over the place too! Was it because I wanted a cute girl like Snow to compliment me? Was it because I wanted my new friends, the guild members, to acknowledge me? I understand how unique my power is, so I should’ve hidden it more!”</p>

      <p>Ms. Sera was alone among them in that she seemed to be enjoying listening to me kick myself. And right now, I’d take someone laughing at me over someone consoling me.</p>

      <p>“I used my position as guildmaster of Laoravia as an excuse to do whatever I damn well pleased! When I entered the Dungeon to do that government job, I was so smug, showing off my power to Elmirahd. What was I playing at?! Did I want him to tell me I’m hot shit?! Did I want all the Laoravians to sing my praises?! Ackh, I’m so pitiful!”</p>

      <p>“Sieg, calm down a bit, would you?” said Lastiara, flustered. “For real, though, calm down...” It seemed she’d noticed my shouting was a little over the top, but I couldn’t help myself.</p>

      <p>“My Dungeon diving was way too sloppy! And I do mean <em>sloppy!</em> Why’d I hit Floor 30 like it was some day trip?! I should’ve listened to what I was told! I heard that Guardians were insane monsters that killed countless innocents, didn’t I?! So why’d I go in alone?! I could’ve made another sword from scratch!”</p>

      <p>Dia was in a dither, minding all the eyes on us. Yet I still didn’t stop spilling my heart out. I figured now was the time to vent all the emotions I’d accumulated. My past failures had taught me that I should open my heart to the gang and confide in them about my worries. So I kept yelling my lungs out.</p>

      <p>“Did I seriously think the Guardian of Floor 30 would be no sweat for me?! I said I’d beat him at the blade?! I assumed the Brawl was mine to lose?! I said there was no way I could be weaker than Lastiara?! Argh, that’s so cringe! Holy hell, how cocky can I get?!”</p>

      <p>I was ranting so much that everybody was lost for words. The whole arena could hear me; the mic was picking up my shouting. The presenter, the spectators, the guild members who’d come to watch, the people I’d befriended in Laoravia, my allies on Team Lastiara—everyone and their little dog was listening, mouths agape.</p>

      <p>“I’ve never lost?! Well <em>that’s</em> a lie! I lost to Palinchron, no ifs, ands, or buts about it! And talk about an utter defeat—he even captured and brainwashed me! Ugh, what a string of blunders! It’s so bad I have to wonder if I ever actually <em>succeeded</em> at anything! I wasn’t able to save anybody! Not Dia, not Lastiara, not Maria, not Alty, and not Mr. Hine! I couldn’t save a SINGLE PERSON!”</p>

      <p>I didn’t care how it looked. My reputation was already in tatters and past the point of fixing.</p>

      <p>“And why’d I get all chummy with Lorwen and Reaper?! They’re <em>monsters!</em> They’re the same entities Tida and Alty were! Like, c’mon! You’re telling me I stayed the night with them?! That I had one of them teach me the blade like it was some after-school program?! I was even all buddy-buddy with him at the tournament sign-up!”</p>

      <p>The last memories I went through were those of Snow, Reaper, and Lorwen. Which was to say, my recollection of a wonderful handful of days. What halcyon days they were. To live in that dream again, where I could find happiness in some far-off world with my sister. In that dream, my “sister” Maria was all smiles, and I had a companion I could trust in Snow. I could be friends with the Guardian Lorwen and Reaper, and my allies and the citizens had confidence in me as a guildmaster working for the state...</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, in reality, my actual sister, Hitaki, was a world away. I’d stolen my companion Dia’s dreams from him and been unable to save my ally Lastiara. I’d been forced to fight the Guardian Alty and Maria because we couldn’t come to understand one another in time. I hadn’t built a relationship of trust with anyone—I’d just run off to a sham of a life where I could pretend I’d never made all those mistakes. But now I was shaking myself free of that, along with the tears in my eyes.</p>

      <p>“Man, the way I treated Snow! I was so irresponsible! Why didn’t I ever try to understand her or her woes?! The ball only became such a mess because I never showed any interest in anyone else! Look what had to happen for me to get a clue! And even afterward, I handled it all wrong! I knew how off everything felt during the dragon-slaying quest, didn’t I?! Snow, Lorwen, and Reaper were all acting so weird! I was so slow to notice anything! And by then, it was too little, too late!”</p>

      <p>Bit by bit, my trip down memory lane approached the present.</p>

      <p>“And don’t get me started on the Brawl! That receptionist <em>warned</em> me, but I still let my guard down! That match against Elmirahd was a fiasco! I legit got caught up in it and basically made a love confession! And in front of a million people too! Did I lose my mind?! I basically punched myself in the face just because I got a little irritated! And why’d I vent at Elmirahd?! If there’s anybody to vent at, it’s that bastard Palinchron! Ugh, can I do <em>anything</em> right?!”</p>

      <p>Recalling all of my gross errors during my Aikawa Kanami era, my face turned beet red. The match against Mr. Elmirahd was Exhibit A.</p>

      <p>“That’s what happens when your will’s that weak! Look at our match just now—if I’d worked harder, it’d have ended in a second! There was no need to fight so long that it ended up like <em>this!</em> Your hair and throat would have stayed unharmed, Lastiara! It’s all because my heart was so weak!”</p>

      <p>I was looking at the disaster scene that was Lastiara’s team, grimacing. Memory lane had reached the present. It would’ve been easy to keep raking myself over the coals, but we had bigger fish to fry. I lowered my voice, calmed down now that I’d vented everything, and took my time to thoroughly apologize.</p>

      <p>“Ugh, I’m such an idiot...but I finally made it to this moment... I’m sorry, Lastiara. I might have taken you out of that hole, but I couldn’t accompany you till the end. And Dia, not only did you lose an arm thanks to me, but I exposed you to danger time and time again. I’m so sorry...”</p>

      <p>My shoulders drooped and I cast my eyes downward. After all that lamenting, my manic episode was dying down at last.</p>

      <p>Lastiara smiled wryly. “You finally get it out of your system?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’ve calmed down... Sucks that I had to look so uncool, but I’m okay now.”</p>

      <p>Calmly, I looked at my own menu, checking the Condition section first.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Confusion 7.48, Mind Taint 0.09</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Most of the status ailments were canceled by Dia’s magic. However, the fact I still had high Confusion despite the seal disappearing meant I’d probably better view my ??? skill as a lingering threat. The reason ??? hadn’t activated during my emotional outburst was most likely because my life wasn’t in danger. In fact, there was a good chance that ??? judged that the meltdown was necessary from a mental health standpoint.</p>

      <p>Though the Condition section of my menu had cleared up, I still seemed to be suffering from poor physical health in smaller ways. My eyelids were heavy; I could see myself falling asleep on my feet. My MP was at zero, and while I had a fair amount of HP left, I’d already confirmed that physical resilience/stamina wasn’t correlated with HP. I probably wasn’t at death’s door, but there was the possibility that the sheer fatigue would render me immobile. I clenched my hands a bunch to gauge how much fight I had left in me. Depending on what unfolded, yet another battle on the heels of this one was within the realm of possibility.</p>

      <p>I checked my remaining strength. I wanted to avoid more combat if at all possible, but if I had to fight, I had to fight. I was pretty sure that if I conked out now, the outcome would be no better than last time. Now that my memories were back, I refused to make the mistakes I made on the Day of the Blessed Birth. Never again!</p>

      <p>I ascertained the current situation and continued to rack my brain, which was already teetering on the edge, thinking about the future. I couldn’t let myself off the hook making excuses like I was too sleepy or in too bad shape. Honestly, this level of burnout wasn’t even that bad compared to the despair I’d tasted at the close of the Day of the Blessed Birth. Don’t get me wrong, I was in agony, but not to the point of dying. I’d known worse circumstances than <em>this</em>.</p>

      <p>I knew that what I’d been through thus far had strengthened my heart. I made full use of my thought streams skill to revise my plan of action. After a nice deep breath, I spoke unhurriedly with my allies.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara, Dia, I’m really sorry I ended up coming across so uncool, but from this point on, I think we’re going to have to look even more uncool as we claw our way forward! I’m never gonna try to keep up appearances or run away from problems ever again. I’m so tired of all the mistakes I keep making that way!”</p>

      <p>Lastiara looked genuinely relieved. “Welcome back. Look, you don’t have to worry about it. I <em>know </em>you’re uncool, Sieg.”</p>

      <p>Dia’s face lit up too. “Sieg! You’re finally back!” He side-hugged me, tears in his eyes.</p>

      <p>I damn near burst into tears too. The sight of this bright light after wallowing in the darkness for so long... But again, this was not the time to let the warm fuzzies distract me. Because if things were as dire as I thought, we couldn’t afford to waste a single second.</p>

      <p>I grabbed Dia’s shoulder and separated us a little before looking into his eyes and saying, “Hold on, Dia. First, there’s something I need to ask of you, and something I need to apologize for. It’s true that I’m the same person that you knew as ‘Siegfried Vizzita,’ but I’d like you to call me Kanami. ‘Sieg’ was only ever an alias; my true name actually <em>is</em> Aikawa Kanami. So from now on, could you please call me Kanami?”</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh? I don’t get it. You’re not Sieg?”</p>

      <p>It seemed that in my haste to explain, I hadn’t accounted for how Dia would react. So I explained it in plainer terms. “I’m both Sieg <em>and</em> Kanami. Back then, I had no faith in anything and no leg to stand on. That’s why I went by ‘Siegfried Vizzita.’ That’s why I kept falling back on lies. I know that by lying, I betrayed your trust. But even so, I’d like you to forgive me because I’m never gonna lie again.”</p>

      <p>Dia listened to my words in blank amazement. But he didn’t reply. This was Dia we were talking about. I knew how much stock he put in promises and the rules. He might not be able to accept that I’d been going by a false name. That said, if I didn’t tell him here and now, and in no uncertain terms, about the real me, I’d regret it down the line.</p>

      <p>I was about to add more in the hope of getting Dia to understand, but before I could, he responded differently from how I’d anticipated, drawing closer not to me but to Lastiara.</p>

      <p>He was frowning. “Hey, uh, Lastiara? Is it just me, or is something not adding up?”</p>

      <p>Lastiara was smiling. “Hm? What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“Didn’t you tell me that when Sieg’s memories returned, he’d forget his memories from when he was ‘Kanami’? But... But, like, it looks to me like he’s got all his memories from both times.”</p>

      <p>What Lastiara had told him was wrong. I hadn’t forgotten anything. <em>What kinda bullshit was that, Lastiara?</em></p>

      <p>Clearly, the naive and trusting Dia had fallen into Lastiara’s web.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that?” she said. “I guess I did say that, huh? Sorry, Dia. That was a lie.”</p>

      <p>“Excuse me?! You lied to me?! You... You<em> lied</em> to me, Lastiara?! I only sucked it up and put on those clothes because I honestly believed you! So you’re saying Sieg remembers <em>all</em> <em>of it?!</em>”</p>

      <p>She nodded with a mile-wide smile. “Yep. It’s probably seared into his brain, really.”</p>

      <p>“Waaaaaaagh!!!” Beet red in the face, Dia broke into a run.</p>

      <p>“Ah, no running!” said Lastiara. “We absolutely can’t afford to split up here! That’d be seriously bad!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, hold on, wait, stop! I’d hate that too! Don’t move, Dia! Please!”</p>

      <p>Thankfully, Dia had no athletic talent. I was seriously fretting, so I apprehended him in short order, and Lastiara placed a hand on him to knock him unconscious. Right from the jump, things weren’t going to plan. As per usual.</p>

      <p>Lastiara and I took a moment to catch our breath, and Ms. Sera had undone her beast-form at some point, because she was back to human. She had on the large mantle that Lastiara had been wearing.</p>

      <p>“Her Grace isn’t coming to,” said Ms. Sera. “We can rest easy now.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s wake her up when we’re in need of some firepower. Until then, let her sleep. Knowing her, she’d destroy whatever Kanami tells her to, even the moment she gets up.”</p>

      <p>At Lastiara’s request, Ms. Sera held Dia in her arms. Lastiara’s not-very-nice assessment of Dia took me aback a little.</p>

      <p>“You make him sound like he’s disturbed. Speaking of which, is it just me or did Dia’s personality change while I wasn’t looking?”</p>

      <p>“What you’re witnessing is his unadulterated self. He’s the kinda kid that tries to put up a cool front in his own weird way. He must’ve <em>really</em> put on airs when ‘Sieg’ was around.” Lastiara looked at the sleeping Dia with kindness in her eyes. It was totally different from the eyes “Sieg” used to regard Dia with. They were eyes that truly understood him.</p>

      <p>“I see... Guess I didn’t understand Dia at all back then, huh? Or rather, I suppose it’s just that I never really <em>tried</em> to understand him.”</p>

      <p>I’d had plenty of opportunities to gain that sort of understanding. Maybe if I’d asked enough times about his past or gender identity, he’d have told me. Maybe I could have met with the real Dia back then. But I’d chosen not to. During my first days in this world, I’d viewed the people here as nothing more than NPCs. I hadn’t wanted to believe in this place—a world where my sister wasn’t. But now I was different. I knew that without faith, I couldn’t move forward. Once this was all over, I wanted Dia and I to introduce ourselves to one another, properly this time.</p>

      <p>A solemn air gripped the arena. The presenter, who’d been watching from afar, approached me. “Er... I don’t quite understand. How exactly did the match play out?”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, but could you shut it a sec?” I said coldly.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, of course.”</p>

      <p>Even after I’d regained my memories, I still remembered what this jackass had pulled. The rage was still there. And you could bet this was one grudge I wouldn’t be forgetting.</p>

      <p>Lastiara also ignored the presenter. She probably didn’t give a toss about the Brawl anymore. “So, what do we do from here on out? Do we head right out to chase after Palinchron?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, yeah, about that... Let’s close out the matches first. Could you throw this match for me, Lastiara?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? The matches? But what about Palinchron?”</p>

      <p>To be honest, I didn’t give a rat’s ass about the Brawl either. I was right there with her about wanting to give chase as soon as possible. The fact that he was free and on the loose was enough to worsen my anxiety. I badly wanted to settle the Palinchron problem. But that would be dancing to his tune. I was convinced that if we didn’t move carefully, a seam would open in the Brawl that would prove fatal for us. It’d prevent me from leaving the Alliance. Snow, Reaper, and Lorwen—those were the three people blocking my way. I had no proof, but I knew that the prison Palinchron had crafted couldn’t be that easy to escape. In order to extricate myself from this elaborate jail cell, it was necessary to move with extreme prudence. Unfortunately, that plan of escape...</p>

      <p>“I can’t say. Forgive me, Lastiara.”</p>

      <p>It was a plan I couldn’t tell a soul about. I couldn’t utter the words. I couldn’t even afford to think too deeply about it. Because if I did, there was a chance it’d tip her off. And if she caught on, this plan was done for. Lastiara’s personality was such that she’d sacrifice even Snow and Maria without any qualms. She had the determination and resolve to be capable of that. The more time passed, the greater the chances were that she’d figure it out. I had to get things rolling, and I had to do it swiftly and carefully.</p>

      <p>“Hm...” She looked none too pleased that I was hiding something from her, and so brazenly to boot. She might have had every intention of leaving the Dungeon Alliance the moment my memories came back. Nevertheless, she calmly brought her dissatisfaction under control. “I think we ought to run after Palinchron immediately. We can take down that Guardian some other time. Lorwen Arrace is clearly an amicable, good-natured guy, so we can let him be and nothing bad will happen. Palinchron’s the opposite. The more we leave him to his own devices, the worse things get for us.”</p>

      <p>“I know. Trust me, I’m not letting him get off scot-free. The quicker we go after him, the better. But that’s exactly why I don’t wanna make the mistake I made back with Alty. If we go full steam ahead, it’ll be that day all over again.”</p>

      <p>She frowned at the way I was dodging the crux of the argument. What I’d said sounded contradictory, and she was starting to get irritated. “What’re you talking—”</p>

      <p>But I wouldn’t yield. “Lastiara, believe in me. Because I believe in you.”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t the same as before; I wasn’t hiding it from her because I didn’t trust her. It was <em>because</em> I trusted her that I was keeping mum. I wasn’t going to leave it up to somebody else, but neither was I going to soldier on by myself. I’d learned my lesson. The fastest way forward was to help and be helped by trustworthy comrades. And this was me putting that lesson into effect.</p>

      <p>After hearing my earnest plea, Lastiara affected a sigh. “Guess it can’t be helped. If you really insist, I suppose I’ll follow along. I don’t really get what you’re up to, but...I’ll throw the match for you for the time being.”</p>

      <p>She faced the presenter. “Oh Mr. Emcee-ee! Team Lastiara’s conceding. And the other team’s acknowledged it, so count it as a loss for us.”</p>

      <p>The presenter seemed bewildered. The people in the stands, who likewise had no idea what was going on, had been buzzing all this time.</p>

      <p>“Um, what became of the ‘knocking the symbol’ battle?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, that? I think my bangle was the first to break. It’s true that they broke at almost the same time, though, so we had to talk it out at the end to decide who won. That’s why Team Lastiara’s conceding now. As much as it stings to admit it, he beat us.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, what? You’re <em>conceding?</em>”</p>

      <p>“Sure am.”</p>

      <p>“But you seem perfectly capable of continuing to me... In fact, you’re the ones who healed Mr. Kanami...”</p>

      <p>“Could you acknowledge what both teams are agreeing on, please?” she said, her tone domineering and vaguely threatening. “My team has come to the conclusion that we can’t beat Kanami. So we’re conceding. What’s unusual about that?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, understood. That’s no problem. The winner of the Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball semifinals between the North and West Areas is Mr. Aikawa Kanami!”</p>

      <p>The announcement resounded throughout the venue. With that, I’d made it to the finals. This was the first step.</p>

      <p>The buzzing in the audience increased, and the grumbling was getting worse and worse. They must have thought it was a tie only for the match to be decided through a discussion. Talk about a severely disappointing outcome. While I felt for them, I wanted them to be patient with me here. To me, the Brawl semifinals were nothing more than an opening act. My real battle was about to begin, and I couldn’t afford to burn through my candle right now.</p>

      <p>As the end of the match was announced and the audience booed, I approached Lastiara and whispered, “Listen well, Lastiara. There’s a lot I’d like you to do so that we can emerge from the Brawl unscathed.”</p>

      <p>I conveyed what I wanted to say conscientiously and unhurriedly, while also keeping the crucial bits close to the vest. I knew that I was making an unreasonable request of her, but Lastiara seemed to trust me, nodding silently as she listened.</p>

      <p>I was relieved. Lastiara, who’d regained herself, had placed her trust in me. And I, in turn, could place all my trust in her. That made me so, so happy.</p>

      <p><em>Guess that’s what it means to have a true friend...</em></p>

      <p>But this was not the time to indulge in emotion. I had to proceed with the plan and make sure it worked. I’d regained my memories and reunited with my friends who’d been waiting for me for so long. Now it was time to save the <em>rest</em> of my comrades: Snow, Lorwen, and Reaper. And this time, I refused to mess up. I’d bring the Brawl to an end with a smile on everyone’s faces.</p>

      <p>With that vow in my heart, my true battle commenced.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>