<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_2"><div class="main">
      <p>I was astounded that my speech the day before hadn’t brought her around at all.</p>

      <p>“That little—!”</p>

      <p>I considered going over to Snow to persuade her. Our conversation just now had been tinged with enough madness to make me entertain the idea. But I thought better of it. If we met now, there was a good chance the encounter would take a turn for the violent. In Lastiara’s eyes, Snow had that level of resolve. And if so, the optimal path might be as Lastiara planned—to beat Snow in the Brawl and get her to hold fast to the victory demand. This was the only period of time where we had a place where we could fight for what we wanted in a relatively safe way.</p>

      <p>I felt pathetic for disgracing one of my own guild members, but I swallowed my pride and muttered with a serious expression, “I’m sorry, Lastiara, Dia. Please beat Snow. I want you to win, and stop that idiot...”</p>

      <p>Crickets. Lastiara looked like she was stifling a laugh. Dia puffed out her cheeks a little, like she was sulking. Sera Radiant looked downright disgusted.</p>

      <p>“Huh? What’s gotten into you guys?”</p>

      <p>I was the only one with a serious expression, apparently. Nervously, Dia spoke up. “Hey, Kanami. If we lose, are you gonna marry that Snow idiot?”</p>

      <p>“Er, well, I dunno yet, but chances are that’ll end up happening, maybe?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, uh, wow. I see. I see...”</p>

      <p>Dia’s magic energy, which had quieted down, was leaking out again. She got under her blanket and kept repeating, “I see...” over and over.</p>

      <p>“I swear, Kanami, you’re always such a riot. Color me delighted. Pfft!”</p>

      <p>Lastiara was laughing at me. Ms. Sera, meanwhile, wanted me to bite the biscuit.</p>

      <p>“Drop dead.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? What the?”</p>

      <p>Nobody was reacting the way I’d been expecting them to. Following that scene just now, I thought they’d be indignant, but the mood in the air was strange and peculiar. And the atmosphere that only I was failing to comprehend continued on for a while.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>After that chat with Snow, we continued to work out a plan to remove the bracelet during the semifinals. I got the sense that my relationship with Sera Radiant was gradually getting better as we talked. Somehow, I even received permission to call her Ms. Sera. The strategy to get my memories back during the semifinals was coalescing smoothly. However, if I could be said to have one nagging concern, it would be that Snow had overheard all of it. And to cap things off, Lastiara said something that made me all the more uneasy.</p>

      <p>“Now then, Kanami. Go hang out with Dia.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, what?”</p>

      <p>“You can call it a date.”</p>

      <p>“Whoa there, hold your horses! How is this the time to be doing that kinda thing?”</p>

      <p>“It’s necessary if you want that bangle destroyed, so get a move on and get ready. We decided that you need to be totally worn out by the time our match rolls around, didn’t we? And a date’s just the thing.”</p>

      <p>If I was going to fight back against my will, then the plan was to weaken me so that I couldn’t do so, and it seemed she wanted to execute that plan. Lastiara was refusing to underestimate the influence the bangle exerted on me. Even if I lost consciousness, if the bangle sensed danger, its wearer would be made to move. It made sense if you thought about it, and I knew what I was aiming for. Even so, I felt some resistance to the idea of deliberately running myself ragged as opposed to keeping myself in top form, considering I’d be facing strong opponents in a tournament, where there were no do-overs.</p>

      <p>“But if I do follow through on that, there’s a chance I lose in Round 3 or 4. You sure?”</p>

      <p>“Hm, well, judging by the brackets, I think you’ll probably be all right,” she said as she looked at the tournament diagram. “The ones we need to watch out for are Snow and the Guardian Lorwen. Just those two. Snow will be fighting my team, while Lorwen’s on the opposite side of the brackets. If you win your matches...looks like you’ll probably be facing the Celestial Knights team and the team of the Supreme guild. Neither’s a big deal, so Operation Weaken Kanami isn’t off the wall or anything.”</p>

      <p>I looked at the diagram too. I had met both of those teams and their respective leaders, Pelsiona Quaygar and Elmirahd Siddark, before. One team was composed of the strongest knights in Whoseyards, and the other contained members from the top-ranked guild in Laoravia.</p>

      <p>“Nothing to sneeze at? They’re both top-level teams in their countries.”</p>

      <p>“Sure, they’re top-level contenders within the realm of normal humans. But as long as we’re not facing anybody <em>in</em>human, we’re more than good.”</p>

      <p>It seemed she honestly didn’t think either team could pose a threat.</p>

      <p>“Er, so what you’re saying is, we’re inhuman?”</p>

      <p>“I mean, kinda. We’re standing on a whole different stage. At the end of the day, this tournament’s nothing more than the battles between four teams of inhumans. Will it be my team? Will it be you? Or will it be Snow or Lorwen? It’ll be one of those four that takes the tournament for sure. Boy, it’s a miserable year for most participants, huh?”</p>

      <p>“I can see Lorwen taking it, but Snow? Isn’t her brother, the one they call the strongest, more of a danger than she is?”</p>

      <p>Mr. Glenn’s imposing suite of skills meant I had no idea what he was doing, which was threatening in itself. And I couldn’t make light of the sheer experience a man who’d reached the very top had under his belt either. He might have been on the opposite end of the bracket, but I still thought I should be sufficiently wary of him.</p>

      <p>“Sure, Glenn’s fairly strong as a <em>runner-up</em>, but... Wait, hold on. Kanami, don’t tell me you’ve never seen Snow go all out?”</p>

      <p>“All out? Uh, no, not really. Why?”</p>

      <p>Thus far in my life at the guild, I had always taken her place...which had maybe been stupid of me, because I’d never seen her fight in earnest.</p>

      <p>“In that case, I think you’ll find out through this tournament. You’ll see how she’s the only entity who could possibly reach our level.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara had an uncharacteristically serious look on her face. In terms of stats, she had Snow beat. What did Snow have going for her that could erase Lastiara’s confidence?</p>

      <p>“That’s why I want Dia in flawless form by the time we’ve gotta fight Snow. Now, go already. Go have yourselves a change of pace.”</p>

      <p>She reverted her expression and tried to send us off on our merry way. At some point, Dia had moved to the next room to start preparing to go out. It seemed that while she didn’t understand why we were going to hang out, she was on board for it.</p>

      <p>“Huh? But why a ‘change of pace’?”</p>

      <p>She leaned in closer and continued under her breath, “It’ll both ingratiate you with her and tire you out. Two birds with one stone, you’ll agree. During our match against Snow, Dia’s mental state will be paramount. You know how a mage’s mental state affects their spells, right?”</p>

      <p>“If we just need to soothe her soul, isn’t there some other way to accomplish that?”</p>

      <p>“No, this is the best approach for her. Not that I’d expect <em>you</em> to understand, <em>Kanami</em>.”</p>

      <p>As I wasn’t “Sieg,” I had no reply. I decided to trust Lastiara, since I was sure that she and Dia had had a long association with this Sieg guy.</p>

      <p>Lastiara smiled impishly. “Besides, if we can lure in Snow, we can get her disqualified before the match.”</p>

      <p>Maybe that was what she was mainly after.</p>

      <p>“If you insist, I’ll do it. I don’t doubt you’re the one who understands the situation best, after all.”</p>

      <p>“Good, it’s settled. All right, I’m gonna go coordinate Dia’s ensemble.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara moved to the adjacent room with a spring in her step, leaving me alone with Ms. Sera, who heaved a big sigh before approaching me.</p>

      <p>“I’m left with no other choice—I’ll coordinate your clothes for you. You are to be Her Grace’s escort, so you need to dress appropriately.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, right. Thank you.”</p>

      <p>She sighed. “Why am I forced to play dress-up for a guy?”</p>

      <p>Thanks to the marvelous job Ms. Sera did, I was now dressed as snazzily as a Whoseyards noble. I didn’t carry a weapon on me, but my clean and expensive-looking raiments would make anybody think I was in the upper echelons of society.</p>

      <p>And that was how my day on the town with Dia came to be.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Dia and I paid a visit to one of the theater ships in Valhuura, which was more than just the combat arena. There were all kinds of entertainment facilities for the visitors who came from all over the world, and theaters constituted just one.</p>

      <p>Lastiara had, before we left to hit the town, impressed upon me the importance of not straying off on my own. After that encounter with Snow, she figured we should all be in groups of at least two at all times. As such, I was careful not to take my eyes off Dia as we walked around. She seemed weirdly attached to me, so that in itself was easy. The problem was that in all this time, she exhibited no sign of ever letting go of my hand. Lastiara had informed me beforehand that Dia’s right arm was a prosthetic. Her left hand was grasping my right hand tightly. And the image of us walking around the theater ship hand in hand was the very picture of a date. When I tried casually letting go, her expression turned sorrowful, so there was no escape. What had my past self been thinking when he made a girl this innocent but this unstable so attached to him? I was extremely curious.</p>

      <p>Dia was in a party dress not unlike a gown, which Lastiara liked. Dia had resisted the idea of wearing something so frilly right up until she was about to exit the room, having succumbed to Lastiara’s pushiness.</p>

      <p>I had to give it to her—Dia’s solid white ensemble was something to behold. It very much suited her pale skin and golden hair, and she was attracting a lot of eyes. Lastiara’s clothing choices did well to cover the seams of her prosthetic arm, so unless she folded up her sleeve, no one would notice that she was missing an arm.</p>

      <p>I myself was standing out more than I would’ve liked on account of my holding hands with such a beautiful girl. I couldn’t say we were family; our hair color gave away that we weren’t.</p>

      <p>We finished watching a play that had been performed in the theater ship. As we exited the theater, Dia was wearing a big smile. Needless to say, we were still holding hands.</p>

      <p>“Man, Kanami, it got so fiery!”</p>

      <p>“Fiery? Oh, you must mean the play. Yeah, the story got heated. It was classic stuff. The lives of warriors. I think it was a fun, easy-to-understand production.”</p>

      <p>“I’m glad you liked it. This story’s one of my top recommendations out of the stuff I know.”</p>

      <p>“Wow, so you’re a girl who’s a lover of hero tales in general, huh?”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t a hobby one usually associated with a girl as pretty as her, but after it was decided we’d go hang out, Dia had chosen a hero play almost immediately. And there had been plenty of love stories she could have chosen from, but she hadn’t hesitated one bit.</p>

      <p>“A ‘girl,’ huh?” Her smile faltered for a second.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, was that wrong of me?”</p>

      <p>“I’d prefer if you didn’t refer to me that way—actually, I guess it’s all right. Right now, I’m fine with it.”</p>

      <p>“All right. I’ll keep that in mind.”</p>

      <p>It might have been the case that my past self had just referred to her as “Dia,” without any gendered honorifics. And since I figured I should respect the way she was distinguishing herself in her own way, I had decided to keep using the honorific that cast her as a her.</p>

      <p>“All right, Dia, where do we go next?”</p>

      <p>“Er, let’s see...” she said, frowning in thought. She looked so cute, making that face. Coupled with how pretty she was, she was drawing people’s eyes and then some.</p>

      <p>Furthermore, I was one of the participants in the Brawl. I was withering under the inquisitive staring, under the admiration and envy. Dia, meanwhile, wasn’t paying any attention to the people around her. Maybe she was used to having all eyes on her due to her being such a natural looker.</p>

      <p>To be honest, as I wasn’t big into attracting so much notice, I would’ve liked Dia to fly a bit more under the radar, but seeing her derive so much joy from reading the contents of the Valhuura documents, I couldn’t say anything. And to be honest, I was also scared any little thing could make her flip out.</p>

      <p>“Oh, hey, they made a play out of that story too! Kanami, let’s go to this one next! This one’s great too!”</p>

      <p>“Hold on, Dia. How about we get some dinner first? It looks like this theater ship’s connected to a dining ship.”</p>

      <p>After all the plays we’d seen, our sense of time was failing us, but <em>Dimension</em> was telling me it was pretty dark out, so I suggested we eat as a short break.</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah. I don’t mind getting some food around here. Come to think of it, are you sure you should be eating? Did you and Lastiara decide you need to get as weak as possible?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, now that you mention it, you’re right... Guess I’ll just have some water.”</p>

      <p>“Damn, I feel bad... Should we go someplace else?”</p>

      <p>“That’s okay; you don’t need to worry. I’m the one who’s asking you guys for help with the bangle, after all. Making this sacrifice is the least I can do.”</p>

      <p>“You’ve got the wrong idea, Kanami! We’re not doing this because you asked us to. We’re doing it because we wanna help you!”</p>

      <p>Apparently, it was a notion she felt the need to disabuse me of. She’d been trying to save “Sieg” since the moment we met. Not because she’d been asked to by anybody else, but due solely to her own will. That guileless affection left me feeling a little warm and fuzzy inside.</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Dia. We really must have been thick as thieves, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, Sieg and I totally were. We both got hurt on Floor 1 of the Dungeon, so we formed a team. To me, Sieg was my very first and my greatest friend and ally.”</p>

      <p>“A team... Say, did I have any family back then?”</p>

      <p>“Family? Uh, no—you said you came to the Alliance by yourself from far, far away.”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>While Dia had evidently been my first companion, there had been neither hide nor hair of my sister. That confirmed I’d stumbled into this world without her.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Kanami?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I was just thinking ‘Sieg’ must have been so alone...”</p>

      <p>“Sieg isn’t alone. He’s got us. No matter what happens, I’ll be there by his side! Even if no one else is!”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. Looks like I was a lucky dog then, adored as I was by a girl who’s this cute.”</p>

      <p>She got red in the face. “C-Cute? Wait, no, I’m not ‘cute,’ Kanami! I’m... That’s...” she said, using the male first-person pronoun.</p>

      <p>I could feel my face getting redder too. I’d let my guard down and ended up saying a line that sounded like I was making a pass at her. As I started racking my brain to smooth this over, <em>Dimension</em> picked up voices I’d heard before.</p>

      <p>“I do declare, Ms. Ragne, how immodest! Please be a lady and remain within reasonable bounds!”</p>

      <p>Or maybe it was more correct to say a <em>speaking style</em> I’d heard before.</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh? You mean I can’t even buy snacks? Doesn’t that take, like, all the joy out of comin’ here?”</p>

      <p>The way Ms. Ragne spoke was also distinctive. The two came closer.</p>

      <p>“If you’re feeling peckish, I’ll introduce you to a restaurant that’s quite tasty. Kindly bear with it until we get there.”</p>

      <p>“C’mon, it’s only tasty when you get to eat the food that caught your eye right then and there. Besides, I don’t much enjoy fancy restaurants to begin with.”</p>

      <p>“That’s only because you’re not used to the upper-class atmosphere yet. This is a good chance. It’s time I did you the favor of drumming upper-class manners into you.”</p>

      <p>“Hold on, what? I’m thinkin’ I maybe don’t want you doin’ that for me...”</p>

      <p>“Come now, let’s sally forth! It’s not far from here!”</p>

      <p>“Urgh. She ain’t listening. Sera could be a pain, but Franny’s just as bad.”</p>

      <p>A rich girl with blonde pigtails was pulling a girl with short hair by the hand. I knew their names. They were Franrühle Hellvilleshine and Ragne Kyquora. If I recalled correctly, they’d also called me Sieg in the past. Maybe interacting with them would help with the bangle or my memories.</p>

      <p>Only, seeing that pigtails girl made my body freeze for some reason. I wondered what had happened between her and my past self that would cause me to want to keep my distance on a subconscious level. While I was contemplating whether to call out to her or not, Ragne Kyquora looked my way.</p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p>Eagle-eyed, she spotted us in the crowd. I was taken aback. They were so far away that they were only barely within <em>Dimension</em> range. And <em>Dimension</em> was telling me that her magic energy wasn’t at play either. Her sheer intuition reminded me of Lorwen. Looking at her menu, I noted she also had the skill Magic Power Materialization. I also got the feeling that she had a somewhat similar vibe to Lorwen as well. Maybe they were distant relatives.</p>

      <p>Ragne Kyquora’s face lit up; this time around, she pulled Franrühle Hellvilleshine by the hand, dragging her toward us.</p>

      <p>“Hey there, kidnapper guy.”</p>

      <p>“Nice to see you again, but could you not call me ‘kidnapper guy’...er, Raggie, was it?”</p>

      <p>“Just joking. They’re treatin’ what happened on the Day of the Blessed Birth like it never happened, see. Looks like the folks at the top prioritized savin’ face and what they could get out of it. Which is why I don’t need to hesitate to talk to you. So how about it? As long as we’re together, we might as well have some dinner, right?”</p>

      <p>“Dinner together, huh? Er...”</p>

      <p>I didn’t think it was a terrible idea, but I did falter a bit when I remembered that, as they were two of the Celestial Knights, I would be facing them in my next match.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Sir Sieg, it’s me! Franrühle Hellvilleshine!”</p>

      <p>“Uh, long time no see, I guess? Ms. Franrühle?”</p>

      <p>I didn’t bother correcting her about the “Sieg” thing. Moreover, since chances seemed high that she came from a respected family, I remembered to use a “Miss” for her.</p>

      <p>She had tears in her eyes. “Oh my word! I knew it; you do remember me, Sir Sieg! I’m ever so moved!”</p>

      <p>Well, now I couldn’t possibly say I didn’t remember her. I was sweating a little now.</p>

      <p>“Sir Sieg, if it’s okay with you, would you be so kind as to dine with us today? We’ll be partaking of the finest cuisine in all of Valhuura!”</p>

      <p>“Actually, uh, thanks, but I’m gonna pass... I have someone to keep company today.”</p>

      <p>“Please, no need to refrain. Now then, come this way!”</p>

      <p>I tried declining softly, as I also had the match the next day on my mind, but she wasn’t taking no for an answer.</p>

      <p>“Hold your horses,” said Dia. “What’re ya doing, deciding for us? Kanami and I are going to watch a play soon,” she lied.</p>

      <p>Inevitably, they ended up glaring at each other.</p>

      <p>“Oh, and who might you be?”</p>

      <p>“I’m just Dia. No surname.”</p>

      <p>“Is that so... Wait, have I met you before? I can’t remember, but I get the feeling I have...”</p>

      <p>“Well, I ain’t never seen a bag of smiles like you.”</p>

      <p>“Hmph. What a rude little kid.”</p>

      <p>“I... I’m not a kid! I’m probably around the same age you are!”</p>

      <p>“And yet your language remains so improper. You do realize you’re speaking like a little boy?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, because that’s what suits me! And I don’t wanna hear about language from <em>you</em>, of all people!”</p>

      <p>From my point of view, I was the only one among this group of four that had a normal speech pattern, yet I could tell that they all thought the exact same thing of themselves, which was scary.</p>

      <p>“No, it really doesn’t. You’re ever so pretty, but you’re ruining it like that... I don’t mind teaching you how to speak properly, if you like?”</p>

      <p>“You telling me to speak the weird-ass way you do?”</p>

      <p>“I say, it’s an ever so elegant mode of diction, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“C’mon, Kanami, let’s hoof it. Let’s go see the next play. Talking to her makes my head hurt.”</p>

      <p>Dia took me by the hand; she wanted to drag me off. I lightly bowed my head and said some parting words.</p>

      <p>“We were actually right about to go watch a play, me and her. Let’s share a meal some other day.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, I’ll come watch that play with you! Why, come to think of it, I’m not actually all that hungry after all!”</p>

      <p>She stopped me by taking me by the hand.</p>

      <p>Dia shouted reflexively. “Ah! Hey, let go! Don’t follow us!”</p>

      <p>“Franny,” said Raggie, “we’ve been called to attend the ball at the center, remember? If we don’t eat dinner soon and head straight there after, we won’t make it. We don’t got the time to watch some play.”</p>

      <p>“We have Liner to attend for us, so it’s okay! Right now, Sir Sieg takes precedence!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, are you for real right now?”</p>

      <p>“The Head Knight isn’t around at the moment, so this is my chance! Raggie, please help me, as a fellow maiden!”</p>

      <p>“Hm...maybe we <em>are</em> fine as long as Liner’s there.”</p>

      <p>“Liner is a deft hand, so it’ll be all right. Now then, Sir Sieg, we have enough time. We’ll be accompanying you.”</p>

      <p>The sparkle in her eyes told me that she was absolutely not going to leave, no matter what.</p>

      <p>“Well, uh...I guess it’s not against my interests,” I said.</p>

      <p>Just walking alongside this <em>boisterous</em> young lady would probably be exhausting, and she might just be my ticket to exhaustion land. The moment I let go of Dia’s hand—</p>

      <p>“Sieg.”</p>

      <p>It was within the range that only I, who was right next to her, could pick up on it, but Dia’s demeanor changed considerably. She’d whispered my name and grabbed the hem of my clothes, so strongly that I almost fell on my backside. I stared at her face. She was looking down but I could tell via <em>Dimension</em> that her eyes were hollow; she was on the brink of reverting to her prior state.</p>

      <p>“I need to protect Sieg,” she muttered under her voice. “Otherwise, <em>I</em>...” she said, using the other word for “I” this time.</p>

      <p>I gripped her hand again, and spoke quietly so only she could hear. “C-Calm down!”</p>

      <p>“That’s right, I need to be the one to protect him. I need to protect Sieg. If I don’t, he’ll go far, far away again... I can’t stand it. I don’t want Sieg going so far away from me again...”</p>

      <p>“N-No! I’m Kanami right now. I’m Kanami, so calm down!”</p>

      <p>She looked quite puzzled. “Kanami?” Then she looked quite sad. She took some deep breaths, calming herself bit by bit. “I... I see... You’re not Sieg at the moment. You’re Kanami, not Sieg.”</p>

      <p>She gently let go of my hand. Her sole true hand lost anything to grab hold of. She looked so lonely that it made me want to tell her I was in fact Sieg, but that wasn’t something I could afford to do. I never wanted to tell that kind of stopgap measure lie ever again.</p>

      <p>Dia lifted her head and forced a smile. “Ha ha! I got a little confused there for a sec. Sorry, Kanami. But I’m okay now. I’m okay...” Then she allowed the other two to come, as though it was no big deal. “Hey, you. Blondie. It can’t be helped, so you can tag along. Just don’t get carried away, got it?”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh heh, no worries. As if someone of my caliber could ever get carried away. Now then, which theater are we heading to?! If you like, I can guide you to one I recommend!”</p>

      <p>As hasty and impatient as ever, she turned her back and led the way. Dia clicked her tongue but followed, and Raggie followed her, a smile on her face. And that was how it came to be that four of us would watch a play together. While Dia and Franrühle bickered at the front, they pushed through the theater ship crowds. Listening closely, they were arguing about what play to watch.</p>

      <p>“We came here to watch hero tales, so that’s what we’re watching!”</p>

      <p>“You’re behind the times, Dia! What’s in vogue with nobles at the moment is romance stories, so that’s what we ought to watch!”</p>

      <p>Their argument meant it took a lot of time to choose a production. In the end, I found a play that was a compromise between the two, and everyone agreed to watch it. Just as I was about to buy tickets for the play, Franrühle secured VIP seating from somewhere. As I’d gathered from her name, it seemed she was from quite the prominent family.</p>

      <p>We start watching the play in the special seats. At first, both Dia and Franrühle seemed dissatisfied, but they became absorbed in the play soon enough. At the end of the day, <em>any</em> play would probably have been fine for either of them. I felt a little relieved. I was worried about what would happen if I let go of Dia’s hand, but nothing seemed to change all that much. Both she and Franrühle were watching with a sparkle in their eyes. On the other hand, Raggie, who was watching right behind them, didn’t seem to be having much fun. It was the story of a young man who came from the countryside to become a knight and fell in love with a noble’s daughter, but in the end lost his life on the battlefield. She was watching it vacantly, like it was the evening news or something. She must not have been big into theater.</p>

      <p>Time passed by at a leisurely pace, even through that enthusiasm gap. Once the play ended, Dia and Franrühle got right to their feet and applauded the performers. And on their way out, the two even started discussing the play.</p>

      <p>“I must say, Dia, I don’t like how the protagonist threw his life away in that scene. Seeing as his beloved was waiting for him, he should have done what he could to go back to her.”</p>

      <p>“No way, Franrühle. That was the kind of situation a true man can’t run away from, so it was the right thing to do.”</p>

      <p>“That couldn’t have been the right thing to do. Think of the misery of the lady he’s leaving behind. That was nothing but self-indulgence on the part of a man.”</p>

      <p>“You just don’t get it, huh? That’s part of the epicness of it all. You don’t think that’s a beautiful way for their romance to come to an end?”</p>

      <p>“We can’t see eye to eye, can we? Beauty certainly is to be cherished, but it isn’t everything. Besides, if two people with feelings for each other don’t get a happy ending, I just can’t accept it!”</p>

      <p>“Really? In life, things don’t go the way you want more often than they do. I like endings that aren’t happy because they’re more realistic.”</p>

      <p>Through their shared interest, they’d crossed the threshold into friendly terms at some point; a one-eighty from when they first met, they were practically congenial now. Whenever I wasn’t in the picture, they just looked like two normal—if cocksure—girls.</p>

      <p>As I was watching them from the back, the formerly silent Raggie spoke up.</p>

      <p>“Mister.”</p>

      <p>She managed to speak at the perfect volume so that the two in front couldn’t hear. Apparently, this was only for me to hear.</p>

      <p>“I’ve got something to tell you about tomorrow’s match.”</p>

      <p>I was surprised. What was this Brawl talk all of a sudden? “Tomorrow’s match?”</p>

      <p>“I want you to not let your guard down during the match, ever. I mean it. Please.”</p>

      <p>“Well, this got serious all of a sudden. I honestly thought you guys maybe didn’t even realize you were fighting me tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>“Of course we do. You’ve beaten me twice now. Out of all the opponents in the Brawl, you’re the only one that’s got my attention.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, really?”</p>

      <p>It seemed she viewed me as a worthy rival. I nodded even as I fretted over the deeds of my past self.</p>

      <p>“So, in order for tomorrow’s match to proceed smoothly, how about we settle on the ruleset now?” she suggested.</p>

      <p>“You want to decide on the ruleset <em>now</em>? I mean, I don’t mind, but...”</p>

      <p>“Our team leader, the Head Knight, will probably want to go ahead with a three-on-one fight. And we’ll go for the knocking the weapon ruleset too.”</p>

      <p>“I’m fine with both. It’s a standard ruleset, so I really can’t complain.”</p>

      <p>“Good, good. Now, here’s the most important one—whatever you do, please don’t put anything on the line. You’re faint of heart, so I’ve got a bad feeling about this. I’m sure that the Head Knight is going to use every means to try to draw some kind of pledge out of you, so I want you to come right out the gate saying you absolutely won’t bet anything. It’s always possible that you lose, so please, ignore any and all provocation, okay?”</p>

      <p>“Now that you mention it, she did say that. That she’d make me a knight of Whoseyards.”</p>

      <p>“I think she must’ve gotten orders to bring ‘Aikawa Kanami’ to Whoseyards. And if you come to Whoseyards, it’ll turn into a whole big thing. So whatever terms she puts down, don’t accept.”</p>

      <p>Raggie was sharing the inside story of Whoseyards without any qualms.</p>

      <p>“O... Okay, got it. But aren’t you one of those Celestial Knight guys yourself? Can you get away with not supporting your superior in Ms. Quaygar?” I asked, confused.</p>

      <p>“I consider myself a friend of Sera and milady first and a Celestial Knight second. I don’t think those two will like it if Whoseyards gets its hands on you, so allow me to give you fair warning.”</p>

      <p>“Milady” was probably referring to Lastiara. Little by little, the circumstances of the girl before my eyes were coming into view.</p>

      <p>“I see. So you’re friends with those two.”</p>

      <p>“We’re something like childhood friends. Only now, we’re on opposing sides.”</p>

      <p>To her, Lastiara and Ms. Sera were such good friends that she’d go so far as to defy her boss, Ms. Quaygar, to help them. Sensing the warmth of their camaraderie, I strongly nodded.</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. I won’t get taken in by Ms. Quaygar’s designs. I won’t cause trouble for Lastiara or Ms. Sera. I promise.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you.”</p>

      <p>Raggie looked relieved and started walking ahead of me. It seemed she’d been waiting for the right time to say all this. She was light on her feet now, as if a heavy burden had been taken off her shoulders. It was then I heard the strange place the other girls’ conversation had flown to.</p>

      <p>“I do declare, can you really use a sword, with a body as small as yours?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t discount me! I’ll have ya know I trained with the House of Arrace—and that you wouldn’t beat me!”</p>

      <p>“What, <em>the</em> House of Arrace? Well, if that isn’t intriguing! Say, sugar, why don’t we hit up an open arena?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll beat ya black and blue, Blondie!”</p>

      <p>“You’re blonde too, you know...”</p>

      <p>They’d thoroughly hit it off, and now they were off to an arena. Since there were no official matches at night, they were able to borrow an open one. That conversation about the play must have flown to the moon and back to get to that point.</p>

      <p>“Oh, I have an idea! Sir Sieg! If you like, I’d love for you to show us your strength too!”</p>

      <p>I found myself agreeing to it. “Huh? Sure, I don’t mind, but...”</p>

      <p>“Lovely! Ever since that time, I’ve been beside myself wondering how strong you’ve become!”</p>

      <p>“I’ll pass,” said Raggie without hesitation. “I’m the kind of knight who gets extremely weak when she reveals her cards.”</p>

      <p>I kicked myself for my rash remark as I headed for the arena with a wry smile. Dia had excitement in her eyes now, so I couldn’t very well say no.</p>

      <p>We arrived at an arena without anybody else in it and started our mock battle using blunt swords. As we didn’t want any injuries before the actual match, this match was truly nonserious. Our talk was lighthearted, and Raggie was tossing in quips from the sidelines. We boasted about our technique and didn’t go any further than that.</p>

      <p>However, even in such play-duels, Dia’s win-loss record was abysmal. Not only did she fail to win a single time, she couldn’t even see a ghost of a chance down to the very end. In terms of stats, she wasn’t much different from Franrühle, but when it came to this, the gap was overwhelming. One could see the signs of hard work in Dia’s sword, but the gulf between their sense for wielding their swords was despairingly wide. So much so that it made even Franrühle choose her words carefully.</p>

      <p>“Dia...er, chin up...”</p>

      <p>“Sh-Shut up! Let’s do it again! Maybe I can’t beat Kanami, but I <em>will</em> beat you!”</p>

      <p>But sadly, in this world, gaps in skill were just too numbers-based. Too absolute. In the end, the Dia vs. Franrühle mock battle unfolded over more than ten rounds, and not once did Dia’s sword ever reach her. Though she was chagrined, Dia tried to soldier on by competing against her with spears and what have you, but she got nothing but Ls in her column. It was as I vaguely felt—Dia was crushingly terrible at anything to do with physical exertion.</p>

      <p>“Dammit! Why can’t I win?!”</p>

      <p>Dead tired, she fell on her backside. It seemed this long battle was finally over.</p>

      <p>Franrühle extended a hand to the now-sitting Dia, a rare serious expression on her face.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh. Even though you know I’m a Hellvilleshine, you never changed your attitude.”</p>

      <p>“No duh. I ain’t got no courtesy to show a self-absorbed woman like you.”</p>

      <p>“By all means, you’ve shown some promise. When you realize you can’t go on with swordsmanship that primitive, do pay me a visit. I’ll make you my waiting maid. Isn’t that nice?”</p>

      <p>“In your dreams. I’d rather die than become your attendant.”</p>

      <p>Though they were hurling abuse at each other, they were both smiling. I got the feeling that their relationship mirrored mine and Lastiara’s. It was an odd sensation.</p>

      <p>“Franny,” muttered Raggie exasperatedly. “She <em>still</em> hasn’t noticed Her Grace is Sith the Apostle of the Church of Levahn. Even though I’m sure she must’ve seen her from afar before.”</p>

      <p>“Apostle?”</p>

      <p>Ragne had called Dia “Sith the Apostle.” To my recollection, Dia’s menu did have her name as “Diablo Sith,” but I’d never heard this “apostle” term before.</p>

      <p>“Nooo. Really, mister? Don’t tell me you’re with Her Grace not knowing anything about her?”</p>

      <p>“I mean, I don’t think I don’t know <em>anything</em> about her.”</p>

      <p>My past self must have known that fact. From that weird wording, Raggie inferred more than a little.</p>

      <p>“Uh-huh. Okay, so you’ve got your own issues. In any case, give milady and Ms. Sera my regards. All I’d like you to tell them is that I’m still fond of the both of them. Oh, and just so you know, I’m low-key fond of you too.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry, I didn’t need you to add that in...and yeah, I’ll tell ’em for you.”</p>

      <p>Raggie gave me an amiable smile, which was illuminated by the moonlight and had a charm that was different from the other girls’. She wasn’t a peerless beauty, but she had a girl-next-door cuteness to her. Feeling a tad bashful, I turned my face away, and in so doing, my eyes fell on the black of the night. It had gotten so dark out that I couldn’t make out the edge of the arena. It was moving into the wee hours of the morning, so I decided to say my goodbyes.</p>

      <p>“How about we hit the hay, guys? We do have that match tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>“Right you are,” said Franrühle spiritedly. “I’ll be seeing you, Sir Sieg, Dia!”</p>

      <p>With that, we parted with the two Celestial Knights, heading back to the room where Lastiara and Ms. Sera were waiting. On the way back, Dia, who was walking next to me, talked about nothing but Franrühle. Almost all of it was complaining, but it was all backed by a proper level of affection. I had been worried, as she didn’t seem to have many friends, but now I knew she was able to socialize. Relieved that she had a bright future, I walked alongside her on the moonlit deck of the theater ship.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>That “date” (or whatever it was) now over, we met back up with the others. Dia must have been exhausted, because she hit the hay immediately. After seeing how peaceful and satisfied her expression was as she slept, Lastiara and I stepped out onto the deck of the ship to bask in the night breeze. This was the deck of a luxury hotel ship, so it was in a different league from normal ship decks. A large quantity of plants were situated all around to make use of the spaciousness, and there was even a giant fountain installed in the center. It was akin to a great big park. We sat ourselves down at a bench near the fountain and gazed up at the pitch-black skies as we conversed.</p>

      <p>“So, now that I’ve gotten you and Dia to hang out until after midnight...how are you holding up? Are you nice and exhausted?”</p>

      <p>“Yep, I’m beat. It’s rough when you’re not used to that kinda stuff.”</p>

      <p>“Fantastic. And Dia didn’t go cuckoo on you?”</p>

      <p>“There were moments she toed the danger zone, but she did fine overall.”</p>

      <p>“I knew it,” she said, with a serious expression. “It looks like as long as you’re by her side, she’s okay. Or maybe she’s just putting on a bold front when you’re around? Hm...”</p>

      <p>“I’ll just say she looked normal to me.”</p>

      <p>“I’m glad if she is, but...I guess we’ve no choice but to see how she does over time.”</p>

      <p>Perhaps thanks to Franrühle joining us partway through, by the end of the day, Dia came across as a perfectly normal girl to me. Lastiara, on the other hand, still had her doubts.</p>

      <p>“By the way, how much stamina have you got left in the tank?”</p>

      <p>“Plenty more, I think. I’m tired, but not tired enough for it to hinder combat.”</p>

      <p>“Ngh. Even just depleting your stamina’s a lot of work, since your supply’s close to inexhaustible. There’s nothing for it; you wanna try working out till sunup?”</p>

      <p>She did some shadowboxing as she got to her feet. She meant to whittle away my stamina through a spot of sparring.</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind. Only, won’t that tire <em>you</em> out too?”</p>

      <p>“No worries, my friend. You shouldn’t sleep, but I’m gonna. Besides, in terms of simple physical specs, I’m above you.”</p>

      <p>“That’s true. Your stamina’s got some stupid ridiculous numbers behind it.”</p>

      <p>I looked at her menu. Based on the raw numbers, her physical prowess outstripped everybody else’s in Valhuura. They were nearly twice as high as Mr. Vohlzark’s, and he’d trained his muscles to the peak of perfection. The contrast really underlined how strange the workings of this world were.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh. I’m pretty confident I can’t be beat in a long-distance race, you know.”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha... Then how about we do a dry run for the semifinals?”</p>

      <p>I took a practice sword from my inventory and threw it over to her.</p>

      <p>“Well, well, what have we got here?”</p>

      <p>“I received one that’s used for training purposes from the guild.”</p>

      <p>Since the blade was dull, we would be safeguarded against anything crazy happening.</p>

      <p>“All righty, let’s hang out and stop right at the threshold, shall we? For the time being, you can put your heart into it, since I can heal you as long as you don’t die instantly.”</p>

      <p>“Damn, you can use healing magic too?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I guess you don’t remember, huh? I should’ve hidden that until the semifinals. My mistake. Oh well, the cat’s out of the bag now. Now then, let’s have at it! No holds barred!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, don’t mind if I do.”</p>

      <p>I brandished my blade as though I were facing Lorwen. That was how out of the ordinary the girl before me was. Her stats and skills made that abundantly clear. We pointed our swords at each other beside the fountain. Shrouded by the quiet of the deep dark night, we were about to fly in and fight.</p>

      <p>But that very moment, I sensed a boy set foot on the deck. Since I’d already found Lastiara, I was keeping <em>Dimension</em> down to the bare minimum, but despite that, the animosity was nigh palpable. The boy appeared before us, and nothing good could be coming of this; he was holding a silver sword in each hand, and he was clad in a loose-fitting cloak. As I had <em>Dimension</em>, I could see the bevy of lethal weapons hidden in that cloak, as well as the magic tools he bore all over his body.</p>

      <p>When I saw him, my heart beat faster and my head panged. It was nostalgia. And I could only imagine the cause of it lay within my lost memories. I immediately shook off my headache. “Liner Hellvilleshine?”</p>

      <p>The boy who’d bared his fangs at me back during that ball.</p>

      <p>His voice sounded strained. “...get, away...” Then he kept repeating those words at a volume we could hear, glaring at us all the while. “I won’t let you get away with it! I won’t, you hear me?! That’s right! You’re paying for what you did, Siegfried Vizzita! Lastiara Whoseyards!”</p>

      <p>Lastiara took a step forward. “I know you... You’re Hine’s little brother, if I recall?”</p>

      <p>I also made to step forward and assume a fighting stance, but Lastiara told me not to with a glance. She wanted me to hang back since I didn’t have my memories. I nodded wordlessly and left it to her.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I am. I’m Sir Hine’s little brother, Liner Hellvilleshine...and that’s why I can’t let you get off scot-free! I don’t care who looks the other way! I never will!”</p>

      <p>Skin-piercing winds of magic energy came blowing from Liner. Judging by his menu, he was definitely using wind magic.</p>

      <p>“Okay, I get the picture,” said Lastiara. “You came here to avenge him? Well if you’re gonna avenge him, I’d like you to go wherever Palinchron is first.”</p>

      <p>“Obviously, I’m gonna make him pay too. But you deserve to pay just as much. You sacrificed him, and now you’re spending your days yukking it up like nothing happened!”</p>

      <p>“Yukking it up? That’s a gross mischaracterization. However we may look, we’re shedding blood, sweat, and tears right now.”</p>

      <p>“Get that smug look off your face, ‘god incarnate’!”</p>

      <p>Liner pointed his blade at her. She looked at it and knitted her brows. “Is that Hine’s sword? No, it’s not just his sword...”</p>

      <p>“You bet it is! I’m gonna take you down in his stead! Whatever Whoseyards has got planned has nothing to do with me! You’re <em>going</em> to pay for your sins!”</p>

      <p>“I really don’t think we’ve committed any sins that we need to atone for.”</p>

      <p>“The gall! Sir Hine was the perfect knight. He was the ideal that everybody looked up to, and envied, and revered! And you two are the only reason someone so perfect could have committed treason! You were his instigators!”</p>

      <p>“Hold on a sec. Let us speak in our defense, if you don’t mind. Hine was deceiving me from the word go, and that was weighing on his conscience the whole time. That’s why he tried to save us... Is that persuasive enough for you?”</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>