<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_2"><div class="main">
      <p>I was shifting the plan away from what we’d formulated beforehand.</p>

      <p>“Got it, Lastiara! <em>Strass Field!</em>”</p>

      <p>A holy barrier stretched across the arena. The spell’s light dispelled all darkness and calmed the mind. But it didn’t reach Kanami. The purple magic energy was acting as a defensive membrane to block the light.</p>

      <p>“I won’T let You!”</p>

      <p>In response to the barrier of light, Kanami started running toward us. He was moving even faster than the first time. I could only assume the bangle was forcing him to fight past his limits. Before I could even breathe, our swords made contact. It was a strange sensation how slight the recoil was. Kanami’s sword had no power to it at all. At first I figured it was his lack of strength, but I soon realized that I was wrong. Instead, his sword gently slid past mine and was approaching my neck. I knew that technique, and thanks to that, I could evade it.</p>

      <p>“Was... Was that an Arrace move?!”</p>

      <p>I knew because I’d wielded the power of Fenrir Arrace just recently. Kanami had unmistakably employed swordsmanship comparable to the current Blademaster’s.</p>

      <p>Without answering my question, he continued swinging his sword. I fended it off at the last moment as I fell back.</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Arrow: Petalrain!</em>”</p>

      <p>Dia had concluded that he was overpowering me. The rain of fire forced Kanami to stop closing in on me. Some of the fire arrows rained down on me too. Dia’s aim must have suffered due to how hurriedly he’d cast the spell. While blocking the flames with holy magic, I distanced myself significantly. Kanami, on the other hand, didn’t employ any magic at all, using only his physical prowess to avoid them.</p>

      <p>Even as he was hit by some of the countless flame shots, he was still moving his head unhurriedly, avoiding the rain of pain by eye. It was a rare spectacle. Kanami probably wasn’t using even the slightest amount of his detector magic right now. He’d probably decided that judging from his poor condition, he couldn’t trust magic that might dissipate on him at any moment, so he was relying solely on his eyes.</p>

      <p>That served as ample proof that he’d run out of magic energy. I felt a little relieved. Kanami was a mage first and foremost, and a mage with no magic energy was no threat. When he used tactics that hinged on his dimensional magic, they were hard to beat. But by the same token, he could be said to be nothing without his dimensional magic. When he didn’t have access to it, Kanami was nothing more than a swordsman of some skill. And even when he was using the swordsmanship of the Blademaster himself, it was still within my capacity to beat him.</p>

      <p>I screwed up my resolve and attacked. “Bloodspell: <em>Fenrir Arrace!</em> Blestspell: <em>Growth!</em>”</p>

      <p>I spent more magic energy and funneled my fighting capabilities toward close combat. Kanami, who had pulled away from the rain of fire, closed the distance without giving me a second’s pause. He was starting to move oddly. Before I knew it, his sword stance had turned into something else. With the tip of the sword on the ground, he was trying to intercept me. It was a unique stance I’d seen before. Lowering the sword and waiting for the enemy to make a move... Why, that was Sera Radiant’s swordsmanship.</p>

      <p>The second I was within range, he slashed up. I spun like a top to dodge it. It was extremely easy to do, most likely because I was used to being on the receiving end of the move.</p>

      <p>Kanami resumed his stance and tried to repeat the up-slash move. It was Serry’s swordsmanship, but it was reproduced robotically, completely lacking the necessary depth. As I dodged it breezily, I moved to deliver the finishing blow...</p>

      <p>And that was when Kanami’s left arm sprang to life. His right hand was holding the beautiful blue-and-white sword, and now his left hand was holding a second, less refined, more rugged sword. The deadly blade was sailing toward my eyes. I immediately pulled back my own sword to defend myself, jumping backward in amazement. Kanami’s left arm was shattered, but he’d grabbed another sword and attacked me with it regardless.</p>

      <p><em>The way he caught me unawares like that... Is he mimicking </em>Raggie<em> now?</em></p>

      <p>He’d been this close to taking my eyes. I distanced myself and observed him, thereby learning what was behind this impossible second sword. He’d frozen part of his arm. The broken elbow was now wrapped in ice, as was the hand holding the blade. That would prevent him from dropping the sword in pain. He couldn’t bend his elbow, but he could use the sword to a minimal extent.</p>

      <p>Kanami paid no heed to my astonishment and closed in. This time, he wasn’t hiding the ice. He was freely wielding two swords.</p>

      <p><em>He’s going for a twin sword style now?!</em></p>

      <p>It wasn’t unlike the Hellvilleshine style. It was far from perfect, but it still reminded me of Hine. His ever-shifting sword styles baffled me. There was no doubt he held the reins of the fight at the moment. In order to take them back, I had no choice but to use more magic. It would take a toll on my body, but now wasn’t the time to hold back.</p>

      <p>“Layered activation! Bloodspell: <em>Hine Hellvilleshine!</em>”</p>

      <p>When I found myself confused by a rare twin sword style, I had but to ask an expert in that style for advice. With Hine’s knowledge at my disposal, I saw through all of the twin sword style attacks; I had the advantage once again. The skill difference was overwhelming. Kanami’s clumsy and robotic twin sword moves soon proved inferior, and that blue-white sword flew from his right hand. Only the sword frozen to his left arm remained. Seeing this as a golden opportunity, I moved to grab his arm. So long as I kept real close, his unbending left arm would only get in his way. With my free left hand, I grabbed Kanami’s so as to lock down his joints. But that very moment, I felt a weird floatiness—and found <em>him</em> grabbing <em>my </em>arm.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>The martial arts move he’d just pulled was flexible and fast. The moment I’d grabbed him, he’d somersaulted. That much I understood. What I didn’t understand was how he’d managed to make me release my grip, or for that matter grip me back.</p>

      <p><em>Was it that bizarre move from before?! Is that Glenn Walker’s technique? Or maybe Snow’s?</em> <em>Ugh, dammit, I’ve got no idea!</em></p>

      <p>I didn’t know the origin of the technique, probably because the martial arts of Eltraliew Academy were mixed in as well. <em>No, for my blood to not know of it...</em> Maybe it was a martial art from another world. One that didn’t exist in the Alliance.</p>

      <p>“<em>Extended Growth!</em>”</p>

      <p>At this distance, under these circumstances, I couldn’t predict what would happen next. I went on the move to turn the situation around through sheer force. With strength and speed that surpassed my limits, I brushed off his arm and kicked him in the stomach before immediately falling back. The boosting magic lasted only seconds, but still my body paid a price for it. Since I’d also leaned on it during the battle against Snow the day before, the recoil was something to behold. <em>Extended Growth</em> wasn’t a play I could make lightly even when I was in tiptop shape.</p>

      <p>Now that I’d distanced myself, Dia’s spell rained down anew, keeping Kanami from coming after me. We were each back to square one, at our starting points. We’d exchanged quite a few attacks, only to return to where we’d begun.</p>

      <p>“Must...pro...tect,” murmured a staggering Kanami. “I’m gonna...protect... Aha ha! Ha <em>ha</em>, ah<em>a ha</em> h<em>a ha</em> ha <em>ha!”</em></p>

      <p>He looked like he might crumple at any moment. He was definitely going past his limits. He couldn’t even work his magic energy properly. Besides, even if he could, he’d only be causing himself so much pain that he might vomit blood just to force out a beginner-level spell. And yet here I was, unable to beat him. Was it because of that “adrenaline” stuff he’d mentioned before? No, that alone wasn’t enough to explain it. From the look of it, there was a chance that the Kanami I was seeing wasn’t thinking at all, apart from blasting the word <em>protect</em> on repeat. Maybe his head was otherwise empty—which meant every decision he was making was purely reflexive. He was simply using the skills he’d seen and learned in this world, one after the other, without thinking about the small stuff.</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re kidding me. Could it be? Is Kanami stronger than me when he isn’t relying on dimensional magic or thinking too hard?”</p>

      <p>I broke into a cold sweat. Normally, a reduced capacity to think would make somebody <em>weaker</em>, not stronger! But this boy was far from normal. If given time to think, Kanami always allowed unnecessary stuff to clog his mind. And because he had a lot of MP, he wasted a lot of MP. He always invented reasons to be stingy with his abilities. As a result, he was letting his dynamic vision and reflexes go unused. He often tried to look cool, and for some reason, he always stuck with using a sword. Furthermore, his natural kindheartedness meant he was always feeling for his enemies. Not only that, his perfectionism was apocalyptic, and the tiniest things made him get all negative and pessimistic. And so on and so forth. Well, now all of those bad habits were gone. It appeared as though I couldn’t view his inability to use magic as a handicap.</p>

      <p>With a stern expression, I issued orders behind me. “Dia, no more kid gloves. Fire your magic with the intention of turning his limbs into charcoal.”</p>

      <p>“Charcoal?! L-Lastiara...are you sure it’s okay to go all out?”</p>

      <p>“He’s too dangerous. His power’s like a knife—the blade’s short, but it’s definitely still got the capacity to kill us. And it’s so sharp it makes Snow look weak. Right now, his muscle strength, magic energy, brainpower, and discernment are all super low, but even so, he’s a force!”</p>

      <p>“That’s Sieg for ya. All right. I’ll try and crush a limb or two.”</p>

      <p>“And if you think the iron’s hot, you can even hit me alongside him.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Roger that.”</p>

      <p>I thought I heard the howl of a wolf in the back, criticizing that bit of the strategy, but I ignored it. If I prioritized my own safety now, I might end up snatching defeat from the jaws of victory. Even if I got seriously injured, as long as Dia was okay, I’d just be healed in the end anyway. And this wasn’t a battle I could afford to lose—even if I had to sacrifice myself to win!</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, Kanami! Dia, Serry!”</p>

      <p>I started running toward Kanami, who skillfully moved his frozen hand and readied a bow that he’d pulled out at some point. Quickly and gracefully, he trained the arrow and fired. He was moving the way he’d seen me move at that festival. How nostalgic.</p>

      <p>That nostalgia only deepened my resolve. While he had aimed true, a piddly little projectile like that would have no effect. I bent to avoid the arrow as I ran. It hurtled by, to be answered by a <em>Flame Arrow</em> of Dia’s own, fired from behind me. The spell packed a ton of magic energy, but Kanami had read the first move and already finished dodging it. The <em>Flame Arrow</em> passed him by, punched a hole in the barrier, and melted the wall behind it a little.</p>

      <p>Now that was the power level I wanted! Dia had adjusted his output such that it was strong enough to fricassee Kanami without being enough to completely shatter the barrier. He wasn’t the disciple of the Thief of Fire’s Essence for nothing.</p>

      <p>Kanami abandoned his bow and grabbed a sword from thin air. Our blades locked. I could tell by the feel of it that he was using the Arrace style, so I blocked his sophisticated Blademaster technique with another sophisticated Blademaster technique. The sword styles were the exact same, and my physical specs were higher, but for some reason I was still losing. Kanami’s swordsmanship had clearly surpassed that of Blademaster Fenrir. This could only be that Guardian Lorwen’s doing. His bladework stood way above what modern-day Blademasters could do. And it seemed that since Kanami had seen it up close, he was now at that level.</p>

      <p>Again and again, his monstrously skilled sword swings came within a millimeter of me. In the blink of an eye, my body was covered in gashes. Just now, he’d come too close to lopping an ear off. After a few seconds so terrifying that my head was spinning, Dia saved me with another spell.</p>

      <p>“<em>Divine Arrow: Shinerain!</em>”</p>

      <p>Arrows of light poured down from the sky. While he’d cast the spell in support of me, the aim was near indiscriminate. Kanami tried to dodge the arrows by looking at them, but these shining projectiles were harder to look at than their flame counterparts. Seeing that Kanami was absorbed in defending himself, I cast a spell with the intention of taking the match with it.</p>

      <p><em>I’m gonna save you, Kanami, no matter what,</em> I swore to myself as I crafted the spell. <em>I need to save </em>you<em>, at least!</em></p>

      <p>Otherwise, Kanami would go unrewarded for saving me. He’d gone and rescued a dummy like me. But that was why Palinchron had been able to capture him, and Mar-Mar as well. If I didn’t put my life on the line to save him, he’d have saved me in vain. When his memories returned, as they must eventually, I’d be unable to look him in the eyes!</p>

      <p><em>“EXTENDED GROWTH!”</em></p>

      <p>By casting a boost spell in excess of my limits, I was pulling from my very life force. My body ran hotter than fire, and even as my muscle fibers were torn apart, I was now able to wield the most strength I’d ever had. It felt like the good old days when my protective ward had enabled me to drown out my fear and fight while exposing myself to mortal peril. But now I was staking my life on fulfilling my vow, and that made me happy.</p>

      <p><em>I fight for the boy who changed me into who I am now, and for myself!</em></p>

      <p>Kanami watched me cast my full strength buff spell with indifference. He must have been thinking it was just another airheaded attempt to outmuscle him. With a big smile, I launched my fist with all my might—toward the ground!</p>

      <p>The artificial earth in the arena crumbled. I’d gotten an idea of how hard the ground was during the match with Snow. And as strong as I currently was, I could punch a hole in this ship with my bare hands.</p>

      <p>Our footing collapsed, and a mass of rocks of various shapes flew up in defiance of gravity. Arrows of light rained down from above while rocks “fell” toward the sky from below. Even Kanami wouldn’t be able to keep track of all of them—or so I thought.</p>

      <p>After all that, Kanami’s power increased even further. He closed his eyes and dodged them all, despite clearly not being able to see them. Guided by a sixth sense, he didn’t sustain a single scratch. Seeing the way he was moving, I decided to settle everything right this instant. The longer this went on, the more his power would grow. That was my hunch. So I let it all ride on the next moment...and dashed off!</p>

      <p>Employing a rock in the air as a foothold, I attacked him. We were both in the air now, and the fight transpired in a split second. I slashed at him in a suicide rush. He intercepted and counterattacked, smiling. He slashed my left arm, cleaved my flank, and stabbed my leg, but I kept slamming away at him with my blade. I took advantage of the gap in muscle strength and whaled on him over and over again until at long last, the sword in his right hand flew off. My lips curled and I tried to follow up, but my stance was thrown into sudden disarray.</p>

      <p>Using his broken left hand, Kanami had yanked my long locks. Apparently, he could cancel the ice at will. The sword glued to that hand was gone now. I felt a strange sense of irritation I didn’t understand, but I decided this was not the time to be fussing over my hair, and I cut it off, using my sword to free myself. Now he couldn’t grab me by the hair. However, the openings that action had created cost me. After all, this was a fight where I couldn’t afford a moment’s unpreparedness.</p>

      <p>Kanami kicked my right wrist, causing me to drop my sword. But that didn’t faze me. What mattered now wasn’t my lethality. I stuck close to Kanami and grabbed his shoulders. In response, he grabbed my neck with his right hand. And then we hurtled down to earth. He crushed my throat with his grip strength. In exchange, I could now do as I pleased with his body. As we fell, I used all my might to toss him down toward the ground.</p>

      <p>“Gwah!”</p>

      <p>Kanami slammed into the earth, cracking it. He was sprawled out on the floor, and I landed on him, mounted him, and wasted no time slugging him in the face. Unable to put up any resistance, his face was deformed with a liquidy squishing noise. But even though he was covered in blood, his right hand had a hold of <em>my</em> bangle. He was playing to his outs, figuring that if he destroyed my bangle, the match would be over then and there. But the bangle didn’t matter to me. It didn’t matter who technically won this match. If I could destroy his bangle in exchange for my own, victory was mine.</p>

      <p>“RAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!” he roared. Putting all of his strength into his right hand, he gripped my bangle and broke it, at the cost of tearing his own muscles. At the same time, I delivered a final blow to the bangle on his left arm.</p>

      <p>They both broke, settling everything once and for all, and the rumbling that accompanied that action filled the arena. Kanami’s amazing grip had shattered my bangle, and he smiled as the fragments flew through the air—yet to realize that his own was likewise shattered. In fact, my punch had smashed his left arm to bits along with it. Kanami slowly turned to face that decimated arm—and the demolished bangle. And with a twitch, his triumphant grin turned into a look of despair.</p>

      <p>“Ah, ahhh, aughhhhhhh...”</p>

      <p>He’d lost what he’d been trying to protect, rendering him utterly heartbroken. At the same time, the purple magic energy started fading away. I could see the curse binding him disappearing through my Pseudo-Divine Eyes.</p>

      <p>At long last, I’d laid waste to the source of all our calamities. I thrust my right hand up into the sky.</p>

      <p>“How do ya like that, Palinchron?! I! WIN!!!”</p>

      <p>Seeing as my throat had been flattened, it actually came out as a sort of muffled howl. Still, I celebrated my victory without reserve. The Brawl was nothing more than a stage to me. I didn’t care about the semifinals, and Snow and the Guardian were far from my mind. My heart was brimming with a singular joy—I’d finally won my battle. The bitter and protracted fight that had stretched from the Day of the Blessed Birth all the way to today. I’d done it. I’d recovered the “protagonist,” the hero who had rescued me. That moment, that sense of accomplishment, that joy—I relished it all. I could practically feel the page turning. This was the moment when the prologue of my story ended and a new chapter began.</p>

      <p>And I smiled.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>