<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_2"><div class="main">
      <p>My hand flew to the emblem on my neck. If not just magic energy but also emotions flowed through the link, I could somewhat understand Reaper’s remarks.</p>

      <p>“So what I’m saying is just me echoing <em>your</em> words, mister.”</p>

      <p>She shifted her gaze back to the scenery outside. Her sage expression was now gone, reverting to something more her age.</p>

      <p><em>Her words are </em>my <em>words?</em></p>

      <p>I couldn’t imagine that what she’d just said had originated solely from her. When I considered that it was the thoughts of my <em>past</em> self that were mixed in there, lots started to fit together. To put it bluntly, my current self lacked any of the steely convictions I had just witnessed in Reaper. I did dislike lies and unruliness and stuff; that was true. But I didn’t have such a strong will. What had I experienced that would give rise to such convictions within me? What were my reasons for spouting such comments to her?</p>

      <p><em>“Don’t toy with people’s fates.”</em></p>

      <p><em>“Don’t let his lies go unpunished.”</em></p>

      <p><em>“Don’t confuse what it is you want.”</em></p>

      <p>I turned those words over in my mind until, at last, the carriage reached the village in the west.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The village, which had taken about half a day to get to, was a lot more put-together than I’d imagined. There were more wooden houses than stone ones, and while the pasturage and farming conditions did give it a rural, frontier feel, in terms of size, it was about as big as the townscape of Laoravia. We exchanged words of greeting with its denizens as we headed to the large mansion at its heart.</p>

      <p>It was a meeting with our client, the village chief, but the Walker Clan’s chamberlains played an active role here as well. From the negotiations to the contracts, they took care of all the work, wrapping it all up before it could even sink in that I was taking on a quest in a distant land. Though I was present as the party’s leader, there were no objections for me to raise, so really I was just standing there. They concluded that we were to roll out to slay the dragon right away, and I summarily left the village chief’s mansion.</p>

      <p>Near the mansion, Lorwen was once again playing with some children; I suppose he’d had nothing else to do while I was negotiating with the villagers. When he displayed his swordsmanship to the kids, he got oohs and ahs of admiration. Clearly in a sunny mood, he repeated one technique after another. I let him be and unfurled the map that I’d received on the ground, after which I pulled in Reaper, who’d been playing nearby, to check the location together.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Layered Dimension!</em>”</p>

      <p>“I spellcast too! <em>Dimension!</em>”</p>

      <p>A party lucky enough to include somebody who could use dimensional magic had no need for a scout, nor would any of us ever lose track of the group for long. My spell spread to encompass the entirety of the village and the whole of the nearby mountain, the abandoned castle that was our destination as well, and I gleaned the information on the terrain.</p>

      <p>Reaper, who was next to me, was groaning with exertion. It seemed that with her stores of magic energy, her sonar couldn’t reach as far. It probably reached up to the foot of the mountain. I watched over her as I widened <em>Layered Dimension</em> even further. Grasping the structure of the castle, I searched for the dragon that had settled there. The castle was notable for its massive but withered garden. It was three times bigger than the Laoravian castle I’d visited for that ball. <em>Maybe the owner liked lush greenery,</em> I thought as I stretched deeper inside.</p>

      <p>I found it in no time. It was slumbering on the throne. The throne meant for humans. How majestic.</p>

      <p>There it was, all curled up in the seat of honor. A large amount of the crops it must have plundered from the village were lying around, but the place was otherwise empty. It was hardly a glorious sight. In fairy tales, vividly colored dragons guarded treasure troves, but this guy had nothing shiny to speak of, and its ocher scales were filthy as sin, not to mention it had made an abandoned castle that looked like it might collapse at any moment its stronghold. And all the root crops and the lack of gold and silver only added to how humble and humdrum it looked.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MONSTER】Dhruv Dragon: Rank 26</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Apparently, I could use Analyze on monsters outside of the Dungeon too. Seeing it was only Rank 26 was a relief. When it came to raw stats, it was no match for me. Not after I’d reached Floor 30.</p>

      <p>“There it is...a Dhruv Dragon.”</p>

      <p>Reaper started looking every which way. “Wait, huh? Where, mister? Where?!”</p>

      <p>I bolstered her <em>Dimension</em> using my own magic energy. That wasn’t a stunt mages could typically do for one another, but we were different. So long as we were linked the way we were, our energy’s elements and nature were similar enough. We could at least share <em>Dimension</em> between us.</p>

      <p>“Not there, Reaper. Stretch it north-northwest... Right, there.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, over there, huh? Wow, that castle’s amazing! And I see a giant lizard there too!”</p>

      <p>Upon seeing we’d spotted it, Snow triumphantly announced it was time for us to set off. “Mm, excellent. It’s over that way? All right, let’s go. Lorwen Arrace!”</p>

      <p>Lorwen stopped interacting with the kids. After he quickly said his goodbyes, they saw him off with a “Do your best, Teach!” Clearly, he had made the children here call him that.</p>

      <p>With that, we ventured into the mountains. Under normal circumstances, dragon slaying would require extensive preparation, but we were lightly dressed, and I did mean lightly. Since all the tools necessary for the expedition were in my inventory, we proceeded smoothly. While walking along the mountain path, I spoke with Snow in order to go over the information we had about our target.</p>

      <p>“At this rate, we’ll really get this over within the space of a day, huh? Killing the Dhruv Dragon...”</p>

      <p>“Mm-hmm. That’s exactly the kinda job I was looking for,” said Snow.</p>

      <p>“I wonder why nobody’s slain it already, seeing as it’s so close by.”</p>

      <p>“It’s no mystery. If anything, it’d be crazier if somebody had slain it already.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“This dragon isn’t worth the effort. It’s a strong target but the reward’s really low. That’s why it’s been around for so long. Unlike your usual covetous dragon, this one’s not very greedy. The only evil it commits is stealing however much produce it needs to survive. And it steals the bare minimum, at that. Going through the trouble of taking it down only earns you a pittance, yet it’s still dragon-level tough, so nobody’s bothered.”</p>

      <p>So there was a proper reason it’d been left alone. While the government wanted it eliminated, it hadn’t done enough damage to make itself a priority. In other words...</p>

      <p>“This dragon’s smart, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Not smart. Tricksy,” she said, irritated. “The other dragons bit the dust, so it threw away its pride and now it’s a shut-in. It’s a tricksy little lizard.”</p>

      <p>“So, uh, there used to be other dragons around?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Three others in the backcountry. Then again, it was Glenn who slew them all, so...”</p>

      <p>When she spoke Mr. Glenn’s name just now, she averted her gaze a little. Since I’d shifted to ready-for-anything mode, I not only had <em>Dimension</em> up, I’d made it keener than usual. As such, I could tell she was lying about that.</p>

      <p>“Those three were highly dangerous, I take it?”</p>

      <p>“They were your typical greedy dragons. They burned down villages, attacked towns, ate people, and snatched away treasure. High-figure bounties were placed on their heads in no time. And they killed loads of the bounty hunters and knights who tried to slay them, but in the end, they died unsightly deaths.”</p>

      <p>“Humans versus dragons, huh? It’s like something out of a fairy tale. Guess no matter how strong the dragon may be, it eventually loses.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I guess,” she said, slightly sorrowfully, before going quiet. Maybe she felt sympathy for the slain dragons. She did have dragon blood in her veins.</p>

      <p>“All right, so how do we fight this Dhruv Dragon thing? It seems pretty strong.”</p>

      <p>“We fight it head-on. We’ll probably emerge unscathed.”</p>

      <p>“I mean, yeah, maybe, but...shouldn’t we, you know, draft a strategy or something?”</p>

      <p>“Everybody in this party stays in the front... That’s our best option.”</p>

      <p>It seemed it wasn’t simply because she <em>wanted</em> to fight it head-on, our party was just that unbalanced; none of us could fight from the rear. What a headache.</p>

      <p>“I see. If possible, I’d have liked a magic specialist with us—”</p>

      <p>“That’s unnecessary. We’re all we need.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Why’s that?”</p>

      <p>“Er, well, that’s, uh...”</p>

      <p>She searched for what to say. She’d essentially admitted that she didn’t want anybody muscling in, but she didn’t have a pretext for that stance ready to go. I didn’t know how to respond to that.</p>

      <p>“Snow...”</p>

      <p>My expression turned a little on the stern side, but that was it. Yet that was all it took for her demeanor to shift completely.</p>

      <p>“It’s... It’s not what you think, okay? Sorry, I didn’t mean to sound that way. Are... Are you mad? You’re not mad at me, right?”</p>

      <p>That spinelessness reminded me a lot of Mr. Glenn. They might not have been blood related, but I could tell they were siblings all the same.</p>

      <p>“No, not really. I’m not <em>mad</em>. So just relax.”</p>

      <p>“Good... Because what I meant is that Epic Seeker’s got enough skilled mages already,” she said, frantically explaining herself away. “Oh yeah, how about we call in Tayly next?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. With Ms. Tayly, we have more latitude in combat.”</p>

      <p>“’Kay, let’s do that!” she said, smiling with relief.</p>

      <p>It seemed she was happy our opinions now matched again. The forced smile had been there for a while. I knew that the fawning attitude she put on from time to time was how she approached problems. But it was also the Snow I most disliked dealing with. Should I tell her that outright? Maybe if I hit her with that, she’d break down like she had the night of the ball. If I didn’t sever the problem that plagued Snow at the foundation, it wouldn’t get resolved either way. Her betrothal to a noble, her duty to the House of Walker, her emotional fragility...or the root I was pretty sure lay at the heart of it all.</p>

      <p>I sighed. The situation was only getting more and more issues stacked on top.</p>

      <p>“Kanami...what’s the matter? You okay?”</p>

      <p>The way she came across when she nestled in closer with that worried look was the opposite of when we first met. She looked so sweet and cute. But that came with feelings of discomfort. Put simply, a cute Snow was no Snow I knew. She was straining herself to be that way. And that smile was so self-abasing that I couldn’t stand to look at it. Which was perhaps the number one reason I couldn’t be okay with the way she was acting at the moment.</p>

      <p>“I’m all right. Never mind that; let’s come up with a plan to fight it. We’ll fight it head-on, sure, but we’ve still gotta settle on stuff.”</p>

      <p>“Yep, got it. Let’s see...”</p>

      <p>While we decided on the particulars of our strategy, another one of my concurrent thought-streams contemplated something else—the question of how to bring Snow back to her old self. If I could just solve her marriage problem, she’d have room to breathe again. But it was a difficult knot for me to untangle. I was unfamiliar with the workings of aristocracy in this world. All I could think to do was pretend to be her fiancé to buy time, and even then, I didn’t know if that’d work. There was also the distinct possibility that if I did that, I’d end up being forced to marry her for real.</p>

      <p>Pretending to be engaged to her was my last resort. I kept thinking about it as I talked to Snow, but ultimately, we reached the castle where the dragon awaited before any halfway decent ideas sprang to mind.</p>

      <p>The mountain path was steep, but we weren’t fatigued. Our stamina was superhuman, and that went for all four of us. We were used to a place that was even harsher—the Dungeon. Reaper, far from needing to take a break, was excited; she was flying from place to place in the vicinity. The abandoned castle before her eyes was so thick with atmosphere that she couldn’t restrain herself.</p>

      <p>I grabbed Reaper by the scruff of her neck and together we entered the castle grounds. After a short walk, we soon arrived at the giant garden, where there wasn’t a single colorful flower to be seen. From end to end, it was just green, green, green. That wasn’t to say that this garden didn’t have a unique beauty all its own. It was a weaving of various shades of green, from faded dark green to bright yellow-green. It was deserted, yes, but oddly enough, there was a sense of oneness, of cohesion, to it as well.</p>

      <p>We passed through the overgrown world of greens and arrived at the entrance of the castle. The huge gate had been destroyed, allowing even a creature as colossal as a dragon to enter and exit as it wished.</p>

      <p>If we had a magician who specialized in offensive magic, we could leverage <em>Dimension</em> to attack from all the way out here, but as things stood, we had no choice but to venture inside. After double-checking our formation, I took out the weapons from inside my inventory for us to equip. This time around, I followed Mr. Alibers’s advice and gave Snow a large axe and two logs. Our preparations complete, we cautiously infiltrated the castle, passing through the broken gate, past the foyer covered in mold and moss, up the grand staircase, and into the throne room.</p>

      <p>There we encountered it. The Dhruv Dragon. The moment we entered the chamber, it spread its wings; it had already been awake by the time we entered the castle. Clearly, it possessed sharp senses.</p>

      <p>Its enormous frame was quite imposing. I’d fought a variety of monsters so far, but this was the first time I’d faced a monster this gargantuan. It looked like one of the dragons in Western fairy tales, which was to say, a giant winged lizard. Its body measured about fifteen meters in length, but by spreading its huge wings, it exuded a presence that went beyond such numbers. Covered in tough-looking ocher scales, it bore scars all over its hide. How many dozens of times had it come near death, only to prevail?</p>

      <p>Daunted, we froze in our tracks. The Dhruv Dragon turned its head to face us. Its head was gigantic. So gigantic, it could probably swallow all four of us at once. Its reptilian eyes met mine. Then it shifted its gaze toward Reaper for some reason. She and I were the two entities it expressed a strong interest in. It bellowed throatily, which sounded like somebody pounding on timpani drums, and its gaze never strayed from me and Reaper.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” I said quietly.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t sense any hostility. In fact, I could see the intelligence in its eyes. It saw Reaper and me, and it <em>saw</em> us—</p>

      <p>“Kanami!!!” shouted Snow reproachfully as I just stood there in a daze.</p>

      <p>Lorwen, who was the farthest ahead, had already unsheathed the sword from the scabbard at his waist. Flustered, I gripped my Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword tighter. According to the plan we’d crafted beforehand, he and I were to rush in first, while Snow and Reaper were to spring a surprise attack from behind.</p>

      <p>Now faced with Lorwen’s naked belligerence, the dragon’s expression changed. Its eyes went from intelligent to ferocious, and it opened its dread maw before unleashing a roar that sounded like myriad cymbals. Urged forward by that roar, I ran forward to the left while Lorwen dashed to its right.</p>

      <p>In response, the enemy beat its wings and kicked up a wind. This was no ordinary gust. Dragons stood at the top of the monster chain of being. These were draco-winds, gale-force blasts induced by vast quantities of magic energy. The brutal squall buffeted us, but to us, the fact it added magic energy to the wind presented nothing less than an opening.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Wintermension!</em>”</p>

      <p>I used my magic to shift the magic energy infused in the wind. While the dragon’s magic might have seemed crude at first, it was actually very meticulous. On the outside, it looked like it was simply flapping its wings, but in reality, intricate magic formulas had been woven, and it was activating them...as expected of a dragon. Unfortunately for it, the more intricate the magic used against me, the greater the impact <em>Wintermension</em> had when it interfered with that intricate structure. Thanks to it, the draco-winds became normal, if strong, winds, and I succeeded in standing my ground purely on my own physical strength.</p>

      <p>However, Lorwen, who was on the other side, had no defense and was blown away. It was as I’d suspected: he was helpless against magic attacks. On the other hand, while magic could be said to be his weakness, he was still the mightiest sword fighter there was, and he didn’t let getting blown back stop him. He kicked off against the throne chamber’s stone pillars and walls, using his superhuman physical prowess to defy the enemy’s attempts to push him away.</p>

      <p>The dragon swung its deadly, powerful claws at me and Lorwen, but we dodged them. Without a moment’s delay, it shook its tail, topping a stone pillar. Its target? Lorwen.</p>

      <p>He put his hand on the fast-approaching tail for an instant, and leaped over it the same way one might vault over a fence. Round one of our showdown was over; our formation was complete. From the dragon’s perspective, Snow was right in front, with me on the right side and Lorwen on the left. And behind it...</p>

      <p>“Got your ba-ack!”</p>

      <p>Reaper’s scythe tore into its back. But the wound was shallow. The sickle was too small compared to the monster’s massive body. That said, any damage was good damage. In its ire, it bellowed and faced the other way.</p>

      <p>“Hee hee! Made you look! And now you’re easy prey for the Grim Rim Reaper! Spellcast: <em>Dimension: Nightmare!</em> Spellcast: <em>Form: Abyss!</em>”</p>

      <p>It seemed that Reaper had developed her magic before I even knew it. Using a dimensional spell I’d never seen before, she enveloped the scythe with black energy. As much as I wanted to analyze it, I was in the midst of a boss battle right now, so I had to resist the urge for the time being.</p>

      <p>The dragon quickly counterattacked Reaper with its claws and tail, but she repeatedly teleported out of their way. Besides, from what I could tell via <em>Dimension</em>, Reaper had no physical substance to begin with. A direct hit would deal no damage anyway. Not that the dragon had any way of knowing that; it kept attacking her in vain.</p>

      <p>“Magic stake: <em>Impulse Break!</em>”</p>

      <p>After confirming that the front and back of the Dhruv Dragon had completely switched places, Snow launched a full-scale magic attack against the enemy’s back. Well, “magic attack.” Really, it was just her chucking a log wrapped in vibration magic at it. Compared to the intricate magic the dragon was capable of weaving, that move could be said to be quite primitive. But that was the very reason it was such a solid, forceful blow. Snow’s brute-strength log was potent enough to rock the dragon’s colossal frame, and it lost its footing.</p>

      <p>Lorwen and I swooped in to slash it.</p>

      <p>“Magic Energy Freezing!”</p>

      <p>“Magic Power Materialization!”</p>

      <p>We lengthened our blades at the target, gashing its arms and legs. Now bereft of its maneuverability, it had no defense against the coordinated attacks coming at it from all sides. Reaper followed up by brandishing her scythe, clad in murky black magic energy, to finish it off. For just that instant, I stopped <em>Dimension</em>-tracking her. A fresh new gash was cloven into its back, reaching all the way to its left wing and so deep that it damn near sliced the wing clean off.</p>

      <p>“Gah! GAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>The dragon collapsed with a scream, after which it simply remained crouched down and panted with shallow breaths. Concluding that we’d dealt it a fatal wound, we relaxed our assault. That didn’t mean I turned off my prepared-for-anything mode, of course. However, since our strategy had been to attack it from behind when it was busy attacking somebody else, the timing window to strike it was gone now.</p>

      <p>No one moved; silence filled the throne room. The dragon, still breathing shallowly, moved its neck just a little—and turned its eyes to me. He was staring at me, faintly yelping something in the back of its throat. I got the impression this dragon was trying to tell me something. But I didn’t understand one iota. No matter my competence and observational skills, there was no way I could comprehend what a dragon was saying right then and there. Even so, I lowered my sword and took a step toward it, attempting to infer its intentions. Maybe there was a way to clear this quest without having to kill the thing.</p>

      <p>Snow’s cold voice reverberated from a bit away. “No, Kanami. There’s nothing we can do for a mongrel like that.”</p>

      <p>It sounded like she was making a pronouncement for the dragon to hear. She raised her giant axe overhead.</p>

      <p>“Ah, wait! I’ll be the one to take its head! I wanna be the dragon slay—” Lorwen stepped forward with his sword in order to be the one to deliver the coup de grâce.</p>

      <p>And then there was Reaper—she wasn’t like those two. Like me, she lowered her weapon and stared at the dragon with a docile, curious expression.</p>

      <p>What was this gap between us?</p>

      <p>In order to learn the answer, I wanted to try communicating with the dragon at least a little bit more. But it was all too late. Snow and Lorwen’s attacks reached it. The axe hammered into its cranium, smashing its skull. At the same time, Lorwen’s sword dug into its neck, a river of blood gushing out.</p>

      <p>With that, the dragon breathed its... Wait...</p>

      <p>“Huh?” said Snow, surprised.</p>

      <p>The Dhruv Dragon had such fearsome vitality that despite its axe-smashed skull, it turned its head and sent Snow flying.</p>

      <p>“Gwah!”</p>

      <p>Its head was now even more on the brink of coming to pieces, and yet it beat its wing and sent Lorwen flying.</p>

      <p>“What the?!”</p>

      <p>Eating direct hits, they were both mercilessly slammed into the walls and floor. Apparently, the counterattack had been too unexpected for them to react in time. Luckily, as a dragonewt, Snow was largely unaffected. Thanks to her sturdy body, a blow like that wasn’t a big deal for her. But Lorwen was different. Though he was the boss monster of the thirtieth floor, his body was almost the same as that of an ordinary human. He was crouching and vomiting blood. The dragon compared the two and chose to chase after Lorwen. I immediately took to running, pouring magic energy into <em>Wintermension </em>to try and slow the dragon down however much I could. I tried to get to Lorwen before it did—but I couldn’t make it in time. He was just too far away from me. At this rate, Lorwen would...</p>

      <p>Just then, Reaper cried out to us, “Mister! Lorwen! Look away from me!”</p>

      <p>I understood what she was trying to do and dispelled the dimensional magic. My magic energy, which had formerly suffused the throne room, was now gone, leaving only Reaper’s own magic energy. And I also averted my eyes away from Lorwen. I couldn’t allow myself to perceive what was about to happen in any way. As long as she was unseen and undetected, Reaper could have a field day.</p>

      <p>“We’re counting on you, Reaper!”</p>

      <p>“I got this, mister!”</p>

      <p>A roar. I could tell the dragon had rammed itself into the spot where Lorwen was crouching. After a beat, I deployed <em>Dimension</em> again and found Reaper and Lorwen lying in a corner of the throne room. Reaper had used her teleportation power to reach him, and then managed to whisk him away in the brief moment she was material.</p>

      <p>“Reaper, leave the rest to me! Spellcast: <em>Wintermension!</em>”</p>

      <p>Even while I was actively looking away from Lorwen, I was still running toward the dragon. It noticed my approach and turned to intercept. I couldn’t expect any backup from the other three; I had no choice but to beat it one-on-one. I held the blade made longer with Magic Energy Freezing and thrust it in. The dragon’s body trembled; it wrung out magic from deep within. Then, in its death throes, it gulped down air and expelled it from its maw in a blazing blast of flame.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Freeze!</em>”</p>

      <p>I erected a barrier of cold and pushed through the fire. I could handle fire of this magnitude; I was wearing the fire-resistance-boosting Red Talisman, and above all, I knew of fire that was far more terrifying. After passing through the scorching flames, what awaited me were the dragon’s enormous claws. I blocked its attack with my sword. Of course, if I stopped at that, it’d simply blow me away. Only the stupid-strong Snow could withstand this. So I used Magic Energy Freezing to change the shape of the sword, expanding the surface area out into the shape of a shield and making its claws slide across the ice. It was a trick that Magic Energy Freezing could do that Lorwen’s Magic Power Materialization couldn’t.</p>

      <p>Some of the ice got scraped off, sending white sparks into the air. Then, I succeeded in slipping into the space between its arms and chest, and I lengthened my sword again, aiming for its neck. As Lorwen had already wounded it there, it looked as though it’d only take a little more effort to slice it in two. It was the place to attack. I dodged another claw attack and leaped onto its arm, thereby gaining some elevation. All that was left was to extend my blade toward the spot on its neck that seemed like it would snap in two at any moment!</p>

      <p>Picking up on where I was aiming, the Dhruv Dragon beat its wing. In tandem with the magic energy-infused gales, it flew close to the ground. By taking flight in the throne room, it was trying to throw me off. However, among all the ways I could anticipate it counterattacking, this was one of the counterattacks that I could deal with the easiest. Earlier, the Dhruv Dragon had used magic energy to control the wind. As expected, it also needed magic to fly. And the magic would have to be powerful enough to work on its gigantic form, so it was undoubtedly fairly high-level magic. <em>Wintermension</em> threw its flight magic askew, causing the dragon to lose its balance.</p>

      <p>That presented more than enough of an opening. As I leaped, I extended my sword to its limit with Magic Energy Freezing, and this time I moved to decapitate it without hesitation. Aiming at the wound Lorwen had opened up, my sword was able to rend the dragon’s flesh, splitting it in two once and for all.</p>

      <p>Blood rained down, dyeing the crownless throne room red. The colossus crumpled to the ground, and a roar resounded. As soon as I landed, I cautiously checked to see if the enemy was alive. It wasn’t. I didn’t detect any life energy or magic in it. It didn’t, however, turn into light and fade away. And of course it didn’t. That phenomenon was Dungeon-only. It seemed that magic formulas to that effect were built into the Dungeon.</p>

      <p>This was my first time seeing a monster’s corpse up close. There was no doubting it was dead now; the carcass itself was evidence that a life had been taken.</p>

      <p>I turned my attention to the safety of my comrades. Snow was walking toward me with a worried look.</p>

      <p>“You okay, Kanami?!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’m okay. It never hit me.”</p>

      <p>“I expected nothing less of you. Unscathed even against a dragon.”</p>

      <p>She looked at me with spellbound eyes. It was the kind of look one might give “the hero.” I’d have liked her to stop looking at me like that, but there was something else I wanted to say that took precedence.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Snow, tell me... Were you able to communicate with that dragon?”</p>

      <p>Maybe I was mistaken, but to my eyes, it looked as though she’d listened to what the dragon said.</p>

      <p>“Huh? No, nuh-uh. I can’t do anything like that.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>In order to determine whether that was a lie, I was about to strengthen <em>Dimension</em>. But then I stopped myself. It wasn’t something I should be using on my allies, and besides, knowing wouldn’t change anything. The dragon was dead now.</p>

      <p>I checked on how Reaper and Lorwen were doing. Reaper was by the edge of the throne room, rejoicing that Lorwen was okay.</p>

      <p>“I’m so glad... Lorwen...”</p>

      <p>But her right leg from the knee down was gone. Lorwen was staring at it, trembling and white in the face.</p>

      <p>“Reaper,” he stammered. “Why go so far to...”</p>

      <p>“Why? You’re the one who taught me to decide for myself. So I’ve made up my mind. From here on out, come what may, I’m gonna save you!”</p>

      <p>“Save...me?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve got a mission to ‘kill Lorwen’? Well I’m ignoring that stupid urge! I decided my new mission’s to <em>save</em> you! And I’ll do just that. I’ll save you, even if it costs me my life! ’Cause you’re my playmate, and you’re important to me!”</p>

      <p>“Reaper...”</p>

      <p>She was smiling. And because we were linked, I could understand the state she was in, albeit vaguely. Though she was a spell-construct, she was based on a human girl. Because she was a faithful recreation of a human, she was the same as us, down to her sense of pain. That meant she was currently enduring the horrendous pain of losing her leg and smiling for him to see.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t bear to just stand there and watch.</p>

      <p>“Reaper, are you okay?!” I shouted as I approached the two. “Can I heal your leg through magic energy?!”</p>

      <p>“I’m okay. Just a little while longer and I’ll be back to normal. You’re giving me loads of magic energy, so this is nothing.”</p>

      <p>“All right, then... Just be sure to use however much energy you need from me, okay?”</p>

      <p>While I was relieved that she wasn’t going to die, the pain transmitted to me through our link was considerable.</p>

      <p>Lorwen wobbled as he reached a hand toward Reaper. But his hand couldn’t touch her body.</p>

      <p>“Urgh... I’m so pathetic... My body’s weakened, but even so, how pathetic can I be?!” he muttered bitterly.</p>

      <p>The hand that had slipped through her was now pushing against the ground. It was true; that pitiful display was unlike him. While the Guardian specialized in battles against other people, it was still strange that he couldn’t react to the dragon’s surprise attack in time. Back when we were training, he’d had the ability to see enemy attacks coming. So much so that it was akin to precognition. Maybe he’d gotten even weaker than I’d thought due to the way he’d been working through his lingering attachments over the past few days.</p>

      <p>As I kicked myself for how naive I’d been this morning, I healed Reaper using my magic energy and items in my inventory.</p>

      <p>It was then I noticed. The strange way Lorwen was acting.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>