<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: Lastiara Whoseyards’s Battle</h1>

      <p>On the other side of the diagonal line dividing the battle arena, Snow was staring at me, Lastiara Whoseyards, with a frightening look in her eyes. She must have been thinking, “Kanami’s mine.”</p>

      <p><em>Ugh, Snow, I swear.</em></p>

      <p>“And in the west area, it’s the Epic Seeker team, led by Lady Snow Walker! The girl’s a legend to those in the know! And she’s heading a well-rounded party, whose composition is very solid indeed! How far up the Brawl brackets will this descendant of intelligent dragons get her team?!”</p>

      <p>At long last, the Brawl had begun in earnest. Everything had proceeded predictably. What awaited me now was a battle in the true sense. I jumped a little on my toes and checked how my body was doing. I turned my head and shook my hands to loosen up my muscle stiffness. To be honest, I wasn’t at a hundred percent. While Kanami had been tough on his body, I’d given my own a rest this whole time. Despite that, it just wouldn’t fully recover. That was how grievous a state I’d been reduced to back then.</p>

      <p>On the Day of the Blessed Birth, I’d lost every last scrap of my magic energy, and I’d been forced to flee while healing the even worse-off Dia. We’d shaken off our pursuers from both Whoseyards and Vart, hiding out in the southern nation of Greeard. Dia had wanted to hunt for Palinchron immediately, and I had stopped her by dint of force. Then we’d figured out where Kanami was.</p>

      <p>Seeking to use the Brawl to our advantage, we entered the Dungeon from the Greeard side to train. Ultimately, we were able to evade the eyes of the authorities and sign up for the Brawl by the skin of our teeth. And up until the Brawl, I’d been on the move without any real time to rest, thereby overtaxing myself to the point where my body remained in pitiful form.</p>

      <p>I was still uneasy. Through the ritual of the Day of the Blessed Birth, many of the spells that had been binding me came undone, and that meant that a lot of the protection and boost enchantments I used to possess were gone too. I could no longer fight as fearlessly as I once did. In other words, I had no choice but to fight not as Saint Tiara’s future vessel, but as some person named Lastiara.</p>

      <p>As I calmly assessed my own strength level, my eyes fell on the opposing team. There were three people on the Epic Seeker side: Submaster Snow Walker, a veteran warrior, and a veteran mage. I was gauging their strength using my Pseudo-Divine Eyes skill when I overheard their conversation.</p>

      <p>“All right, Mr. Vohlzark, Ms. Tayly, please stand back.”</p>

      <p>“Hold on, Snow,” said the female mage. “We’re going to fight alongside you.”</p>

      <p>Snow shot her down coldly. “You shouldn’t. Or rather, you can’t.”</p>

      <p>The male warrior was wearing a stern, harsh look. “Walker sister...are you planning to go all out?”</p>

      <p>“That’s right. For this match and this match only, I’m going all out. And I’m planning to use my limited draco-form for the first time in ages.” For her part, her expression was also stern. It seemed she really did mean to crush us.</p>

      <p><em>Draco-form... </em>Semifers with thick enough blood had the ability to transform. It was the same as Serry’s wolf form. As a dragonewt, a subcategory of semifer, Snow was also capable. And as far as the Alliance was able to ascertain, she was the one person in the world who was able to turn draconic.</p>

      <p>The mage looked alarmed. “Snow! You can’t! That’s the one thing you mustn’t do! If you use it continually, you won’t be able to revert back, right?!”</p>

      <p>Snow tried to reassure her, a grim smile on her face. “I won’t transform past the point of no return, so it’s okay. Granted, it <em>is</em> risky...but today, I’m willing to take that risk. Today’s the one day I have the resolve for it. So please, I’m asking you nicely.”</p>

      <p>Upon seeing that deathly smile on Snow’s face, the mage was left speechless.</p>

      <p>The warrior spoke next. “So you’re saying those two young ladies are about as strong as that dragon?”</p>

      <p>He looked at us, and I responded with a <em>whatever </em>smile. Seeing my expression, he smiled wryly, weirded out. Talk about rude...</p>

      <p>“Oh no, they’re well past dragon level. If I’m a dragon incarnation, they’re incarnations of gods.”</p>

      <p>The warrior sighed. “Then we’re no help whatsoever. Got it. Tayly and I will sit back and watch. Just don’t go overboard, you hear me? If you go past the point of no return, it’ll spell the end of everything you know.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll be careful not to.”</p>

      <p>The warrior pulled the mage by the hand and they moved to a corner of the arena, but not before the mage imparted some final words.</p>

      <p>“Snow, if this is the path you’ve chosen, I’ve nothing else to say. But never forget that everybody in Epic Seeker is on your side.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. Thank you for looking after a mess like me.” Snow looked surprised; she chewed on those words. Then she pasted a sorrowful, insincere smile onto her face. “But the folks at Epic Seeker won’t cut it. I’m sure they’d all die immediately, so...”</p>

      <p>That reply was basically a farewell. Snow didn’t have faith in anybody within her guild on account of her own overwhelming strength.</p>

      <p>The mage must have understood that too. She smiled sadly. “I suppose so. See you, Snow.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll be back, Ms. Tayly. <em>Bloodspell: Flysophia!”</em> She started walking toward the center of the arena as she incanted.</p>

      <p>I surmised it was the start of her draco-transformation. The backs of her hands split open, and blood spilled out before evaporating and turning to mist. The deep red haze shifted into the shape of a dragon and enveloped her body. It was hard to tell thanks to her thick clothing, but to my eyes, it looked like her back was expanding. Almost certainly, dragon wings were sprouting. Her pupils changed too, into an inhuman shape. Hers were now the eyes of a rapacious dragon.</p>

      <p>Any ordinary person would freeze up upon seeing such eyes fall on them, but I smiled faintly. “Hmm. Snow’s not holding back. Serry, be sure never to come out from behind me.”</p>

      <p>“I know, milady.” The knight behind me nodded without needing to hear my reasoning.</p>

      <p>Dia, on the other hand, looked puzzled. “Hey, Lastiara, is that chick really that strong?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, kinda. They don’t call her the strongest on the continent for nothing. She’s not just strong. She’s <em>the strongest</em>.”</p>

      <p>“The strongest? Doesn’t that title go to her brother, Glenn Walker?”</p>

      <p>“Nope. Glenn just claimed Snow’s feats as his own to obtain that title. Snow Walker’s the actual strongest. She’s the most promising child prodigy in the history of the Alliance.”</p>

      <p>“Huh. Who knew?”</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh? I was expecting more of a reaction than that. Here I thought I was revealing a shocking truth.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I’m surprised. It’s just that it doesn’t change what I’m gonna do. If she’s the strongest, I’ll surpass the strongest, that’s all. In fact, if I don’t fight strong opponents, I’ll never stand shoulder to shoulder with Sieg.”</p>

      <p>“Is that it? Heh heh. You’re so dependable, Dia.”</p>

      <p>Dia had his impulsive side, but he was reliable in times like these. He wasn’t the type to lose his nerve over small stuff. He’d probably keep fighting by my side without flinching before Snow’s draconic might.</p>

      <p>Relieved, I proceeded toward the center of the arena myself, having Serry transform into her wolf form on my way there. I didn’t need to keep Serry in reserve; her role was to be Dia’s mode of transportation. By placing Dia atop his steed before the start of the match, we could reduce at least a little of the danger.</p>

      <p>After reaching the center of the arena, I looked Snow square in the eyes. “Hey there, Snow.”</p>

      <p>“Allow me to take the liberty of beating you today, Lady Lastiara.” She bowed respectfully.</p>

      <p>Eerie, hair-raising magic energy was whirling at her back. It looked powerful enough to smash anything it touched. Like always, everything about her was <em>heavy</em>, though maybe we didn’t have room to talk when it came to that.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>