<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1"><div class="main">
      <p>“Gah!” she yelped in an unladylike tone.</p>

      <p>Pelsiona lowered her back onto the floor behind her. “Listen to me. You are one of the Celestial Knights, and he is a Laoravian guildmaster named Aikawa Kanami. That’s how they’re spinning it...and you’re letting your personal feelings get in the way.”</p>

      <p>“Urgh!”</p>

      <p>The girl who’d seemed so full of spirit now slunk away dejectedly, as did Liner Hellvilleshine. Afterward, Pelsiona Quaygar cleared her throat and continued as though nothing had happened.</p>

      <p>“Sir Aikawa Kanami,” she said, her manner of speech a tad affected as she closed the distance between us. “The open seats of the Celestial Knights have thus been taken up by the relatives of Hine Hellvilleshine...but there’s one seat that remains to be filled. I must say, it’s truly distressing. If the Seven Celestials, paragons of knighthood, stay at only six members for very long, we’ll lose standing with the other nations... So we’re currently searching for an outstanding knight to fulfill Hine’s last wishes.”</p>

      <p>“Hine?”</p>

      <p>Hine Hellvilleshine. When I heard that name, my heart cried out. My fists balled up despite myself.</p>

      <p>“As Head of the Knights, I’d like to recommend you for the final position. Extending the invitation costs us nothing, after all. So, what say you?”</p>

      <p>As long as I was under the patronage of Laoravia, I had no intention of signing up for this “Seven Celestial Knights” deal, though I did want to hear more about this Hine person. But before I could answer her, the subordinates behind her started getting all worked up.</p>

      <p>“I do declare, that’s a swell idea! Good going, Head Knight!”</p>

      <p>“Huh?! But those three seats basically opened up because of him in the first place, right? Would the higher-ups ever sign off on that?!”</p>

      <p>Two lively, shrill voices. Their responses were adorable but nonthreatening. The problem was the boy hiding behind them—Liner Hellvilleshine. All of a sudden, his animosity swelled. The senses I honed through all of the training with Lorwen were sounding the alarm bells that this expressionless boy might even attack me. I didn’t know if Pelsiona was aware of that fact, but she continued regardless.</p>

      <p>“Pipe down a little, you two. Now then, Sir Aikawa Kanami, your answer?”</p>

      <p>“Er...” I figured I’d ask for more information, but then...</p>

      <p>“He can’t,” said Snow, who cut in front of me and glared up at Pelsiona. “He’s my guildmaster and my partner. I won’t hand him to Whoseyards.”</p>

      <p>Pelsiona stared at her, intrigued. “Oho.”</p>

      <p>“Kanami is a Laoravian. Come what may, he’ll never depart from Epic Seeker. Right, Kanami?”</p>

      <p>I got the feeling Snow’s shoulders were trembling.</p>

      <p>“Yep,” I agreed after a moment’s hesitation. For Snow’s sake too, I figured I’d better cut this short sooner rather than later.</p>

      <p>Pelsiona’s sharp gaze fell on me. “Hmph. Then I suppose I’ll try persuading you during the Brawl. The Celestial Knights are participating as Whoseyards’s recommendees. And since you’re Laoravia’s recommendee, the chances are high we’ll cross paths again.”</p>

      <p>Clearly, she hadn’t given up on the idea one iota.</p>

      <p>“Just to warn you,” said Snow, “I’ll be participating in the Brawl too. Please don’t think you’ll be able to fight against Kanami that easily.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Even we, the Celestials, must tread with caution if we are to cross swords with the mightiest of little sisters. Lady Snow Walker, Dracon of the House of Walker.”</p>

      <p>The two glared at each other. After some time passed, Pelsiona chuckled. “Heh. How was that for words of greeting? Sorry to have kept you. Let’s meet again, Sir Aikawa Kanami, Lady Snow Walker.”</p>

      <p>With that, Pelsiona turned her back to us, her noisy colleagues in tow, leaving us alone in front of the great hall’s exit.</p>

      <p>Something felt off about the way Snow had acted just now. “Snow?”</p>

      <p>Snow’s shoulders shivered with a start. She kept her eyes averted. “I...I’m sorry if I hurt their feelings, but...you’re <em>my</em> Kanami.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“No, not that way,” she added, flustered. “I mean as the guildmaster of Epic Seeker. You’re <em>our</em> Kanami, is what I mean. If they poached you away from us just like that, it’d sadden everybody in the guild.”</p>

      <p>Her ruffled demeanor gave away that that was not, in fact, what she truly meant. In all likelihood, she hadn’t given up on the idea of getting married to me in the slightest. And I understood that, so while I hesitated a little, I ended up nodding gently.</p>

      <p>“You don’t gotta worry. I won’t run off to Whoseyards under any circumstances. Not after I’ve gotten as close as I have with my guild members.”</p>

      <p>Her face lit up. “Right, of course. Hee hee, that’s a relief.”</p>

      <p>Seeing her reaction gave half of me peace of mind, but at the same time, it caused my unease to swell even more. As her diving and guild work partner, her smile made me happy. Yet there was no mistaking the fact that that new side to her had me perplexed.</p>

      <p>“Let’s head home for now,” I said. “I’m a bit tired too now.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, let’s go home, the two of us.”</p>

      <p>We escaped the great hall together. With that, my high society debut had drawn to a close. On the way back, I reflected. I got the feeling that Snow and I had grown closer than before. And I also found myself musing that Snow seemed girlier than usual as well. But when it occurred to me that what had undergirded that was her desire to marry me, I ended up withdrawing a step behind her despite myself.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>With the night of the ball behind us, the Brawl was only two days away. I’d learned a lot of things that night. For one, my image of “the hero” had been turned on its head. The man bearing the title of “the strongest” had looked so, so exhausted. Years and years of toil had formed dark circles under his eyes, and he’d even grumbled that he wanted to die.</p>

      <p>I’d also learned that Snow felt a lot more cornered than I’d previously imagined. Now that I knew one factor that was causing her to suffer, I’d taken more of a dislike to nobles in general. To be honest, I never wanted to go to that ball again. While it had looked all shiny and splendorous, it came with an unpleasant, nose-turning stench.</p>

      <p>Everybody in that ballroom had prestige to their name, and to my recollection, Lorwen had told me what he wanted was prestige and glory. It was enough to give me concerns about Lorwen’s lingering attachments. He wanted the world I saw in that castle?</p>

      <p>I’d truly learned a lot. And I’d found a lot of fresh problems in the process.</p>

      <p>Also, I still couldn’t bring myself to touch my bangle. There was no doubt that the bangle Palinchron had prepared for me was important. If I removed it, my memories might come back to me. Then again, there was also the possibility that if I removed it, only unhappiness awaited me, and that thought made me freeze up. If it were only my own happiness I was risking, that’d be one thing, but knowing Maria and Snow could be made miserable too, I couldn’t act too carelessly.</p>

      <p>I walked through Epic Seeker as I pondered not just Snow and Lorwen, but my own memories, among other things. I also contemplated what I should do in the two days leading up to the Brawl, heading toward my office for the time being.</p>

      <p>It was early in the morning. Nobody would be in my office. I decided I’d figure out what policy to take as I waited for Snow and Lorwen and Reaper and friends—</p>

      <p>“Morning, Kanami!” shouted Snow cheerily. “Today’s another day of hard work to look forward to!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, morning... You seem awfully eager today. Something wrong?”</p>

      <p>I was confused both by how early she was and how hyper she sounded.</p>

      <p>“Really? But I’m always like this!”</p>

      <p>It seemed she thought she was being honest, but from where I was standing, it gave me the willies. Snow, whose picture was in the dictionary under “lazy,” waiting for me an hour before the start of work?</p>

      <p>“Hey, are we gonna Dungeon dive today?” she said excitedly. “Or are we doing work for Laoravia?”</p>

      <p>“Actually, I’m still thinking about it, so...”</p>

      <p>“I think I wanna take up some government-commissioned quests. Look, I brought a variety of ’em. We’ve got our pick!”</p>

      <p>She spread out a bunch of documents atop the desk, smiling all the while. Apparently, they were a collection of commissions Laoravia was giving to its guilds. I gave the documents a cursory look. Their difficulty level made me wide-eyed with surprise. Every single one was the kind that top-class divers had to risk their lives to complete. They were far from the kind one could knock out in one’s spare time.</p>

      <p>“Snow, the Brawl’s right around the corner, so I’d prefer some simpler ones...”</p>

      <p>“Ah, this one’s great,” she said, handing me one of the documents. “Slaying a monster that dwells in the undeveloped land in the west. Looks like the mountains in the west get dragon trouble. Seems challenging but rewarding!”</p>

      <p>I never would have expected lines like that out of her. “Dragon slaying? If possible, I wanna avoid anything that’ll be a big to-do.”</p>

      <p>“But if we don’t complete the big ones, we can’t secure any prestige, so...”</p>

      <p>“Prestige?” I stammered. “I don’t really want prestige.”</p>

      <p>Snow had never concerned herself with prestige before. Not once. She was clearly acting way too strange.</p>

      <p>“Lorwen Arrace’s goals are prestige and glory. And I think the prestige of slaying dragons would make him very happy. Plus, it’d serve Epic Seeker too.”</p>

      <p>Snow was smiling; it appeared she truly made that suggestion believing it’d be to everyone’s benefit. She was right that it’d help clear Lorwen’s attachments. If we invited him along, he’d almost certainly pitch in. But right this moment, I wanted to focus on more pressing stuff, like the Brawl and the problem with my memories.</p>

      <p>I needed to buy time so I could come up with a reason to say no. “In that case, we should think it over together with Lorwen. I’ll go call him a sec.”</p>

      <p>She nodded, still smiling. “Yeah, let’s call Lorwen Arrace. I’ll be waiting here, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>I deployed <em>Dimension</em> and exited in search of Lorwen, closing the door behind me. Before it fully closed, I could hear Snow say something. She was muttering under her breath, but I still caught it loud and clear.</p>

      <p>“All right, if Kanami can kill a dragon, then... I just know it...”</p>

      <p>From her voice, she sounded like she was in high spirits. It was great that she was showing enthusiasm for work, but I sensed danger there. All she could see anymore was what was right in front of her. That was the impression I got. And what was all she could see anymore? At a guess, she was trying to increase my renown. Was that for Epic Seeker’s sake, or my sake, or her own? While I didn’t think it was a bad thing, I couldn’t imagine it’d be a good thing either.</p>

      <p>Apprehension in my heart, I kept searching for Lorwen. Before long, <em>Dimension</em> spotted him. He was playing with kids at an orphanage at the edge of town this early in the morning. I’d heard that he’d grown friendly with them while he was helping the guild with maintaining public order. Even while he wasn’t working, he was always playing the champion of justice and enjoyed high levels of popularity with the citizens, particularly children.</p>

      <p>I walked through town toward the orphanage, greeting the people I passed. I saw him there in the orphanage’s garden, teaching the kids the blade with wooden sticks.</p>

      <p>“Oh wow, you’re so quick to learn. Good, now give the sword a nice full swing!”</p>

      <p>“Okay, Teach!”</p>

      <p>He was showing them the treat that was Arrace swordsmanship. I reckoned even kids were able to tell how incredible Lorwen’s technique was. They were mimicking his swings with sparkles in their eyes.</p>

      <p>“Uh-huh. That’s the foundation of the sweeping stroke within the Arrace School. Keep repeating the motion until it’s ingrained!” said Lorwen merrily, drumming his superhuman skills into the children.</p>

      <p>“Quick, Teach, show us the next move!”</p>

      <p>“A really cool one, if you can!”</p>

      <p>“Are there any secret techniques?!”</p>

      <p>“Guess it can’t be helped,” said Lorwen smilingly. He brandished the stick. “All right, it’s a bit early on, but I might as well teach you guys the secret technique. Because like, whoa, if you master this, you’ll be able to understand the natural ways of the world! To put it bluntly, if you’ve got this under your belt, you can’t lose! I call it the Arrace School Secret Sword Technique, <em>Responsiveness!</em>”</p>

      <p>“Responsiveness?”</p>

      <p>“What a weird name.”</p>

      <p>“How do ya do it, Teach?!”</p>

      <p>The kids’ eyes were still alive with curiosity.</p>

      <p>“It’s simple. First you empty your mind, throw off all your bonds of obligation, dwell upon the wellspring of the whole of creation, relish both the happiness and unhappiness in this life, kill the self, erase your emotions—”</p>

      <p>I attacked him from behind. “Lorwen, you dumbass! That sounds like danger city!”</p>

      <p>“Whoa! What’s the big idea, Kanami?!”</p>

      <p>He just barely dodged my full-on dropkick. His Responsiveness skill was as amazing as ever. But it wasn’t something it was okay to teach kids so casually, because from the sound of it, the toll it exacted would be no laughing matter.</p>

      <p>“You took the words outta my mouth, Lorwen. What do you think you’re doing, man?”</p>

      <p>“Whaddya mean, what? I’m just teaching ’em the blade. You more or less mastered it in a day, so I’m looking for new disciples.”</p>

      <p>“If you’re gonna teach kids, stick to the basics. The Responsiveness skill is too much, too early for the little guys.”</p>

      <p>“My friend, I was around their age when I started learning it.”</p>

      <p>“Even so.”</p>

      <p>It sounded as though Lorwen had undergone training that involved “killing the self” and “erasing one’s emotions” when he was that young. And here I didn’t think his past could get any sadder.</p>

      <p>“Hm, all right, fine then. If it’s what my number one disciple wants, I’ll do it your way.”</p>

      <p>“I mean, I’d really rather you arrive at that conclusion without me, but okay.”</p>

      <p>“Now then, Kanami, you got some business with me? You came all the way out here, so something’s gotta be up, right?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, right, yeah. I almost forgot. Snow said she wants to tackle a big quest, so I thought I’d ask for your thoughts on it.”</p>

      <p>“A big quest, huh? Sounds like fun.”</p>

      <p>“The papers are over in the office, so come back a sec.”</p>

      <p>Lorwen turned to face the kids again. “Sorry, everybody! Something fell into my lap, so that’s a wrap for today! Keep practicing the sweeping stroke and master it by the next time I roll around!”</p>

      <p>“No way!”</p>

      <p>The kids sounded dissatisfied. Which would mean I was the one who stole away their fun. I kind of didn’t feel like staying for very much longer.</p>

      <p>“I’m busy working for a peaceful Laoravia. See ya!” said Lorwen, turning his back to them.</p>

      <p>Despite him springing a sudden departure on them, the orphans saw him off with a smile.</p>

      <p>“If it’s so ya can keep the peace, I get it!”</p>

      <p>“Come again, Teach!”</p>

      <p>“Thank you so much, Teach!”</p>

      <p>They must have trusted this one adult from the bottom of their hearts. Once they heard that duty called for him, they didn’t try to keep him around.</p>

      <p>“All right, Kanami, shall we?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. Let’s go.”</p>

      <p>Lorwen had my respect; he was doing the whole hero thing more than I was. I made to lead the way back, but he stopped me.</p>

      <p>“Ah, sorry, hold on. Could we hit the atelier before the office? The sword I asked Alibers to make me should be finished as of yesterday.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, really? He made you a sword? Kay, got it.”</p>

      <p>We walked toward the sooty building located in a corner of Epic Seeker and entered. Ever since I had ordered my own sword, business was booming for Mr. Alibers. That was partly because I periodically asked him to do repairs for me but also because he had more customers now. They’d seen the quality of the blade he’d made me.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Alibers!” I shouted inside the hot and muggy workshop. “Hello!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, if it ain’t my guildmaster and Lorwen,” said Mr. Alibers, big drops of sweat dripping down him. “Welcome, and thanks for visiting me in a dirty dump like this.”</p>

      <p>“Yo, Alibers, my sword finished yet?”</p>

      <p>“That you, Lorwen? Yep, of course it is. I’ll get it for ya right quick.”</p>

      <p>He splayed the weapons out on the workbench. Among them were the ones I’d asked him to repair, so I took those.</p>

      <p>“Er, this one’s the guildmaster’s, so...I guess this one’s yours, Lorwen.”</p>

      <p>I gave Lorwen’s sword a glance. It wasn’t all that special or notable. It was just a sword forged using mithril, a popular magic metal for divers. If I had to point out something special about the sword, it would have to be the pointless amount of ornamentation on its scabbard.</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Alibers. If I kept borrowing swords from Kanami, I’d lose cool points as a swordsman.” He received his newly forged blade, as pleased as a little kid unwrapping a present.</p>

      <p>“I could’ve just given you one of my swords, man.”</p>

      <p>“Nah, it’s cool <em>because</em> I bought it with the money I earned. ’Cause ya know, now it feels like <em>my</em> sword.”</p>

      <p>I looked over my repaired swords as he said that. Then Mr. Alibers pointed at two blades that were leaning against the wall.</p>

      <p>“Ah, by the way...I’m sorry, Master. Those two, I couldn’t find a way to repair them, try as I might.”</p>

      <p>It seemed the materials were too unique for him to be able to do anything with. When Lorwen looked at the swords, his eyes opened wide, his mouth agape.</p>

      <p>“Wait, those swords...”</p>

      <p>They were the Treasured Blade of the Arrace Clan and Rukh Bringer. From what I recalled, Lorwen’s surname was Arrace, so he might know something about it.</p>

      <p>“Ha, ha ha ha. It’s like a <em>curse</em>. Actually, no, I’ll call it a bad presence in my life.” He smiled wryly, nostalgia written on his face as he reached for the two blades.</p>

      <p>Mr. Alibers hastened to stop him. “Wait, hold on, Lorwen! That black sword—”</p>

      <p>“It’s okay. It’s weak enough for Responsiveness to nullify.” He casually grabbed Rukh Bringer and traced its broken blade with his finger. The sword bled miasma, but he didn’t worry about it one bit. “Look at you two... You’re so beat up.” He accepted its mind taint with that strained smile on his face.</p>

      <p>I inferred that they must have some history together. “Have you seen that sword before? In your prior life?”</p>

      <p>“Yep, I have. I know ’em both. I got so nostalgic; I was in a bit of a daze there.” He leaned them back against the wall. “There was a time when I used this treasured sword over here. I’d never mistake another sword for it. And this one, I think it’s called Rukh Bringer. I’ve crossed blades with it more than a couple of times. Man, the nostalgia. Where on earth did ya get these, Kanami?”</p>

      <p>“Er, uh, the Dungeon, I guess.”</p>

      <p>Rukh Bringer, I remembered from not too long ago. The Treasured Blade of the Arrace Clan, on the other hand, I had no idea.</p>

      <p>“I see. Destiny can be a strange beast, huh? To think these swords would gather before my eyes again.”</p>

      <p>I could tell from the way he spoke that he felt an attachment to them.</p>

      <p>“If you want ’em, I’ll give ’em to you.”</p>

      <p>“Really? You’d do that for me?”</p>

      <p>“Of course, man. Only, since they’re beyond repair, they’re worse than useless.”</p>

      <p>“It’s all in the little tricks. It’s one area where a blacksmith’s skill can shine. Alibers, let’s talk,” he said, his expression lighting up.</p>

      <p>“Oh? What?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t want our guildmaster overhearing, so lend me an ear a sec.”</p>

      <p>They started talking between themselves. Given he’d made a point to say it was a private conversation, I figured he was specifically telling me not to use <em>Dimension</em>. Lorwen was my pal, and I trusted him, so I canceled the spell. Sensing that <em>Dimension</em> was dispelled, he grinned and whispered into Mr. Alibers’s ear.</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh? That’s really all that’s needed, Lorwen?” said Mr. Alibers, clearly surprised. It seemed that whatever Lorwen had suggested, it wasn’t something a blacksmith would think was a passable final product.</p>

      <p>“Yep, do that for the Arrace sword. In Rukh Bringer’s case, I reckon its sheath will end up being a bit unique, but do your best.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t think the sheath’ll be a problem. If you’re fine with that, Lorwen, I’ll do it, but...”</p>

      <p>“All right, we’ve got a deal. I’ll come pay ya later.”</p>

      <p>“That request’ll take less than a day, so you can come in tomorrow if ya like.”</p>

      <p>They’d sealed the deal loudly enough for me to hear.</p>

      <p>“Sorry to keep ya, Kanami. Right then, let’s go back to the office.”</p>

      <p>“What on earth did you suggest?”</p>

      <p>“That’s a secret. I want it to be a fun little surprise,” he said, smiling gleefully.</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. Then I look forward to it,” I replied, smiling and choosing not to grill him.</p>

      <p>We headed for the office, where Snow was waiting for us. The detour had eaten up some time, but she was in as good a mood as before.</p>

      <p>“Welcome back. So, Lorwen Arrace, are you interested in slaying a dragon?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. Let’s do it,” he said with no hesitation whatsoever.</p>

      <p>“Cool, it’s settled. I’d figured you’d say yes, so I already finished the paperwork,” she said, showing him the relevant documents on the desk.</p>

      <p>“I see. A stray dragon attacking an outland village, huh? Sounds like time’s of the essence if we wanna save ’em.”</p>

      <p>“I thought you’d say that, so I finished the preparations for heading out. A Walker Clan carriage is on standby outside.”</p>

      <p>“Nice. Let’s go, shall we? Dragon slaying... Not a bad addition to my tales of heroism!”</p>

      <p>Just like that, they made to go outside. Using <em>Wintermension: Frost</em>, I froze the exit and prevented them from leaving.</p>

      <p>“Hey, wait a sec, you two! Not so fast! Did you already discuss it beforehand or what?!”</p>

      <p>“Hm? Nope. I just figured that a glory hound like him would jump at the chance.”</p>

      <p>“I ain’t got a reason to turn it down. It doesn’t get any more prestigious than slaying a dragon. It pains me to admit it, but Snow’s proposal was airtight.”</p>

      <p>From those remarks, I couldn’t tell if they liked each other or not. <em>Really, Lorwen? That’s what you call an airtight proposal?</em></p>

      <p>“You two may be fine with it, but I’m not. I’d like to do more peaceful quests if at all possible.”</p>

      <p>“C’mon, Kanami. We’re talking <em>slaying a dragon</em> here.”</p>

      <p>“I get that you’re taken with that phrase, but calm down.”</p>

      <p>“Dude...”</p>

      <p>Lorwen wasn’t relenting. Left with no other choice, I decided to ask him about something that had been on my mind. I’d sensed it when I watched him from behind as he was teaching those kids.</p>

      <p>“Lorwen. Recently, you’ve gotten a hell of a lot weaker, haven’t you? Are you even sure you can beat a dragon?”</p>

      <p>“Urgh... It’s true that I’m weaker than before. But when it comes to dragon slaying, it’s a different story.”</p>

      <p>Through his newfound everyday life on the surface, his power had steadily waned. His magic energy was so much thinner now compared to when we’d first met on Floor 30. It had even begun to affect his physical abilities. Yet he was still intent on becoming a dragon slayer. Snow’s bait had been more effective than I’d anticipated. Given he looked so happy, I hesitated to stop him. Erasing Lorwen from existence <em>was</em> one of my current goals, after all.</p>

      <p>“Are you really gonna be all right? You’re not gonna lose?”</p>

      <p>He nodded, an earnest look on his face. “Yep, I’ll be fine. Let me do this. An Arrace swordsman would never lose to the likes of a dragon.”</p>

      <p>He looked so serious about it; I couldn’t get on his case anymore. But then there was the girl behind him. From her expression, I’d bet you anything she was thinking, <em>Hook, line, and sinker!</em></p>

      <p>“Your turn, Snow: why spring something like this on us all of a sudden?”</p>

      <p>“Hm, well...right now, my brother’s the only person in Laoravia with the title of dragon slayer. I figured it’s something you need too. If you kill this dragon, your fame jumps to new heights.”</p>

      <p>“Look, I don’t need my fame jumping to new heights.”</p>

      <p>I knew that as the master of a guild, that was wrong of me, but I found myself thinking that wasn’t what I needed to lean toward right now. As a last resort, I spoke the name of the last of the lodgers.</p>

      <p>“Oh, I know! Come to think of it, what’s Reaper up to? If she ends up feeling left out, I’m sure it’ll turn into a whole big pain, so let me go call her over!”</p>

      <p>“Hm...Reaper? I guess it can’t be helped,” said Snow.</p>

      <p>If Reaper was against the idea, I could take the quest thing to safer ground. In all honesty, what I wanted right now wasn’t so much fame as time to think.</p>

      <p>Seeing Snow give me the nod, I spread <em>Dimension</em> to encompass the town. Shifting my attention to stores I thought Reaper might be in, I checked to see if she was hitting various candy shops. Then I looked at hang-out places for kids her age. And since I often saw her playing the big kid about town, I also scanned empty lots and riversides. But I couldn’t find her. Unavoidably, I poured more power in and made it <em>Layered Dimension</em>—</p>

      <p>There she was—squatting on the roof of a house. And she was trembling. She was clutching her neck, shivering and struggling.</p>

      <p>“R... Reaper?” I stammered.</p>

      <p>The moment I spoke Reaper’s name, she noticed my magic energy, kilometers away from me. Even through all of the obstacles between us, our eyes met, and she grinned broadly. Then she wiped away the crazy amounts of sweat dripping down her forehead before teleporting repeatedly to arrive at the office.</p>

      <p>“Comin’ through!” She popped in from out of nowhere amid a haze of black mist.</p>

      <p>Her expression betrayed none of the anguish it had before. She had the same pure and innocent smile on her face as always.</p>

      <p>“Oh, hey, Reaper,” said Lorwen. “You’re here. We’re about to go slay a dragon. You wanna come with? It’ll make for a good pre-Brawl warm-up. Maybe a dragon will show up at the Brawl too.”</p>

      <p>“A dragon? Wow, sounds interesting! That’s that one beastie that keeps popping up in my picture books, right?!”</p>

      <p>“Yep, that’s the one. And with me and Kanami around, I don’t see us being in danger. So whaddya say?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll come! I bet it’ll be lotsa fun!” said Reaper, jumping onto Snow’s back.</p>

      <p>Snow acknowledged Reaper’s participation with a smile, but I wasn’t so quick to do the same.</p>

      <p>“Uh, Reaper? You sure it’s gonna be all right?” I asked. And I meant that question two different ways.</p>

      <p>“Yep, I’ll be fine!”</p>

      <p>With a smile, she responded by feeding me back magic energy through our curse-link. The energy was transmitted into me through the emblem on my neck, and it felt warm, infused with kindness and tenderness. Through that, she was telling me to rest easy.</p>

      <p>“Shouldn’t we think twice about this? At the very least, I’m not all that enthused.”</p>

      <p>Reaper had seemed so distressed up until a moment ago. I had no idea why. I just figured I ought to keep an eye on her.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I guess you’re just not into the idea,” said Lorwen. “You know what, we can do it—me, Reaper, and Snow.”</p>

      <p>Snow rushed to object. “No, we...we can’t! This quest is for Kanami’s sake. Taking it on requires trust and confidence. Without Kanami, who’s helped put Epic Seeker on the map, we can’t take the job.”</p>

      <p>“We can’t make do with you, Snow?” asked Lorwen.</p>

      <p>“Well, I mean, we could, but...”</p>

      <p>Reaper watched warmly as the two spoke. Then those warm eyes fell on me. That look. She was telling me she wanted me to forget what I’d just seen. Maybe it was because she didn’t want to worry Lorwen. After a moment of not knowing what to do, I decided to accede to her wishes. But for that very reason, I couldn’t afford to let her go unsupervised.</p>

      <p>“All right, I’ll come,” I said. “If everybody’s going, I might as well tag along too.”</p>

      <p>I planned to stick by Reaper’s side and, when the chance arose, ask her about the anguished look she’d had on her face. And to do that, I had no choice but to take on the dragon-slaying quest too.</p>

      <p>Snow was the most thrilled to hear it. “Great! Thanks, Kanami!” She shook my hand with a grin a mile wide.</p>

      <p>“Nice,” said Lorwen. “Much appreciated, Kanami. Now that’s settled.”</p>

      <p>“A dragon, huh?” said Reaper. “Wonder how huge it’ll be? Can it be eaten?”</p>

      <p>I observed the jovial ghost girl watchfully, but not even with <em>Dimension</em> could I detect anything anomalous. As I’d thought, I’d just have to ask her directly.</p>

      <p>While my attention was on Reaper, Snow squeezed my hand.</p>

      <p>“Right then, Kanami, let’s be on our way! Ah, and don’t forget to put up a portal in this room. We’ll rely on the dimensional spell to get back.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, right, you got it.”</p>

      <p>I complied and placed a <em>Connection</em> door in the back of the room, after which she led me out of there by the hand. Lorwen and Reaper followed.</p>

      <p>Several luxurious carriages were parked outside Epic Seeker. The carriage we’d taken to the ball was also there, indicating that they all belonged to the Walker Clan. Normally, Snow didn’t like it when her clan poked its nose into her work life. Or rather, she found it tiresome. Now, however, she was actively leaning on it. She was smiling and brimming with enthusiasm, but behind all that was self-interested calculation.</p>

      <p>I let her keep dragging me off, and together we headed to the dragon.</p>

      <p>Snow’s change of heart, Lorwen’s ebbing strength, Reaper’s anguished expression, and my own sealed memories... There was so much on my mind...</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Snow had finished all the necessary procedures and detailed preparations. Or more accurately, it seemed that the folks over at the Walker Clan had taken on at least some of that work. All the ducks had been put in a row in the blink of an eye, and that very morning, we left Laoravia and headed for the village to the west.</p>

      <p><em>Come to think of it, this is my first time leaving the Dungeon Alliance</em>. From inside the carriage, I casually gazed at the scenery outside the window. There were white mountains visible in the distance, looming above prairies of green. I’d heard that the land outside the Alliance was still in development; there really was nothing out here. There were simple roads, but it was mostly nature untouched by human hands.</p>

      <p>Reaper was also watching the scenery as the carriage rattled and shook. I kept my voice down so nobody else could hear.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Reaper. What <em>was</em> that earlier?”</p>

      <p>“Hm? What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“You looked so distressed.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, that. That’s, well, um...”</p>

      <p>Reaper started keeping her voice down too. She practically whispered her answer. “I don’t know how to put it, exactly... It’s my urge to kill, I guess? And when I force down my urge to kill Lorwen...that’s what happens.”</p>

      <p>“Your...urge to kill? That’s how much it hurts you whenever you keep it in check?”</p>

      <p>“It hurts so bad I feel like my body might twist in half. Maybe it’s ’cause I’m rejecting the reason I exist?”</p>

      <p>Reaper was a spell-construct, and the chances were high that she had been created for the sole purpose of killing Lorwen Arrace. Resisting the formulas behind the magic meant disavowing everything about the shadow-loving specter known as the Grim Rim Reaper. I couldn’t even imagine the torment she must have been in. But Reaper was bravely toughing it out with a smile.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay,” she said. “I won’t give in. I won’t give in to some mission that was thrust upon me, like ‘kill Lorwen.’ I won’t let anybody toy with my fate! I’ll keep fighting against the false urge that was imposed on me! Because I’m <em>me!</em>”</p>

      <p>She was speaking under her breath, but her words were strong. She was taking the reason for her birth by the horns, intent on choosing her own path in life. This wasn’t the fortitude of a child under a year old.</p>

      <p>The praise came spilling out. “Wow, Reaper...that’s amazing.”</p>

      <p>For some reason, her declaration had reverberated deep within my soul.</p>

      <p>“Hm, I don’t think I’m amazing or anything. Those feelings are probably just echoing you.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? You’re echoing <em>me</em>?”</p>

      <p>I was nonplussed. I had no recollection of ever lecturing her to that effect.</p>

      <p>“You never said it aloud, but it comes flowing into me through the link. <em>‘Don’t toy with people’s fates.’ ‘Don’t let his lies go unpunished.’ ‘Don’t get what you want mixed up.’</em> The voice is hoarse, but it’s there... And it’s the most desperate, heartbroken, earnest voice ever...which is why I believe in it.”</p>

      <p>“It’s flowing into you? So our magic energies aren’t the only thing that’s linked?”</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>