<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_3"><div class="main">
      <p>“I was this close to dying!” he continued to mutter. “And if I die, I ‘monsterify,’ and then I’d... They’d all...”</p>

      <p>Lorwen poured power into the fist he had pressed against the ground, and cracks appeared in the stone floor, abnormal amounts of magic power now surging from inside him, exerting a frightening level of pressure. I knew he wasn’t our enemy, but it had me in a cold sweat regardless. The strength that Lorwen had lost was gradually returning. That could only mean he was so sorry about what had happened that it was a new attachment, a new regret to work through.</p>

      <p>“Lorwen! Don’t fret over it, man. These things happen!”</p>

      <p>“No! It was a fatal mistake! ’Cause if I monsterify, it’s not just my problem! I’ll lose all reason once it happens! You could even say I’ll fully become a monster. If I monsterified in a place like this, things would turn grim!” After pounding the ground a few times, he covered his face with both hands.</p>

      <p>Reaper responded with kindness. “You’re more worried than ya need to be, Lorwen! Even if you do monsterify, we’re strong enough to stop you! We’re friends, so have faith we’re at least that strong!”</p>

      <p>“Reaper...”</p>

      <p>In response, he closed his mouth and stopped talking. It seemed he’d decided not to bitch and moan anymore, for Reaper’s sake. Then silence descended on the throne room, and everyone left the castle together. We’d completed the quest to slay the dragon. We’d taken down our fearsome enemy and everybody was safe now. But I was nursing an indescribable anxiety, and it was about two of my friends and allies—Snow and Lorwen. Lorwen’s might as a Guardian had amplified, and the smile on Snow’s face was even shoddier than the one she’d pasted on that morning.</p>

      <p>We had no choice but to make our way back to the village with that unease still in our hearts.</p>

      <p>Snow and I carried the Dhruv Dragon’s severed head down the mountain as proof it had been slain. It didn’t fit inside my inventory; maybe it was too big?</p>

      <p>To be honest, going back down the mountain was more tiring than fighting the dragon. And when we returned and placed its head in the center of the village, the residents congregated, mouths agape in shock and shouting for joy. Some of them even started dancing. This dragon must have tormented the region quite a bit, as the villagers surrounded us, peppering us with ceaseless words of thanks. Young and old, male and female, they all kept on singing our praises with tears in their eyes until their voices overlapped and resounded throughout the village. We were blown away by their passion.</p>

      <p>“So... So this is how people treat a <em>hero</em>, huh?” I muttered.</p>

      <p>“Mm-hm, you’re Epic Seeker’s very own <em>hero</em>, Kanami. Excellent!”</p>

      <p>That was when Snow launched into her PR pitch, making use of her dragonewt lung capacity to shout loud enough for all to hear.</p>

      <p>“The dragon that ravaged your village was slain by none other than the guildmaster of Epic Seeker, Aikawa Kanami! He <em>is</em> the dragon slayer! The hero! And we ask you to show your hero your appreciation with some applause!”</p>

      <p>This roused the villagers even more, and they started extolling my name.</p>

      <p>“So that’s the guildmaster of Epic Seeker?!”</p>

      <p>“Kanami! Aikawa Kanami!”</p>

      <p>“To be a dragon slayer at that age?! He really is a hero of legend!”</p>

      <p>The enthusiasm was so thick it was making me dizzy. It felt similar to when I’d had to deal with all those nobles and merchants at the ball. Though there was nothing nasty behind it, the tsunami of praise and high expectations made me nervous. And the fact that it was Snow, the girl who’d despised the ball, provoking it only exacerbated the sense of vertigo.</p>

      <p>I waved to the villagers with a friendly smile. It looked as though on a fundamental level, I wasn’t suited to this sort of thing.</p>

      <p>In order to flee, I headed over to the villagers in charge, to report on the quest. On the way there, I upbraided Snow under my breath.</p>

      <p>“Snow! I don’t need a publicist in my life, thanks. And I’d have much preferred Lorwen gaining the ‘dragon slayer’ moniker.”</p>

      <p>Snow and Lorwen both answered in turn.</p>

      <p>“We can’t do that, Kanami. What happened just now was a necessary evil. You see how happy the villagers are, don’t you?”</p>

      <p>“You’re the one who took that dragon’s head, Kanami. All I did was screw the pooch and cause trouble for Reaper. Sorry, buddy, but the moniker goes to you.”</p>

      <p>It appeared both of them wanted to make me out to be a dragon slayer. All I could do was heave a sigh and keep on walking.</p>

      <p>The pair continued offering their advice behind me.</p>

      <p>“Kanami, you need to play the hero more. It’ll be in everybody’s best interests, I’m sure!”</p>

      <p>“You won’t hear me complaining—this time around, you get the glory. But make no mistake, the glory’s going to <em>me</em> next time!”</p>

      <p>Unable to fully sympathize with them, I said nothing. We entered the village chief’s mansion, where the Walker Clan workers were already lined up. When we appeared before them, they must have inferred we’d done the deed, because they started running the money for the quest right away. Since they handled it as deftly as they always did, we were once again left with nothing to do but stand there.</p>

      <p>Once the details of the job were confirmed and the reward was handed over, the chief informed us that a feast would be held and that he’d like us to participate if we didn’t mind. I mused that this sort of thing happened all the time in RPGs, but as I didn’t see a point in attending the banquet, I wanted to decline. Unfortunately, I couldn’t, because the other three really, really wanted to attend.</p>

      <p>The village began preparing for the impromptu banquet, and things got hectic. Snow said she’d think of a speech and holed up in a carriage, while Lorwen and Reaper went to play with the children. Now alone, I walked across the nearby prairie, partly because I didn’t want to get bombarded by questions from the villagers, but also because I wanted some time to myself to think about the ball and the dragon quest.</p>

      <p>Time passed. Night fell, and the feast was on. This village on the western edge of civilization started glowing in the twilight with the braziers and bonfires. The dragon’s head was hoisted up to an elevated part of the village, and people playing various musical instruments began making jaunty music near it. Others sang and danced to the music, and large amounts of food were laid out on the tables. Apparently, one could take whatever food they wanted, buffet-style. Everybody was partaking in meat and booze and things and laughing with hearty cheer.</p>

      <p>Despite how little time they’d had to prepare the feast, it was more full-scale than I’d imagined. Maybe the village had a custom of holding such feasts on a regular basis. Seated with a polite smile on my face, I was surrounded by many people.</p>

      <p>One of the villagers spoke to me with a sparkle in their eyes. “Sir Kanami! Would you be so kind as to tell us how you slew the dragon?!”</p>

      <p>The other folks around me also used that as their cue to hit me with question after question regarding my heroic tales of triumph. Nothing could have made me feel more apprehensive. In fact, with my luck, it might be even more ulcer-inducing than the ball had been. And I was really hating the way Snow was delivering exaggerated speeches about the dragon quest in the distance like some troubadour. Those who took what she said seriously came flowing over to me. This was harassment. Elaborately crafted harassment.</p>

      <p>“Oh no,” I said, “all I did was deliver the finishing blow after the rest had weakened it, so...”</p>

      <p>But the people who’d listened to Snow’s overblown rendition of what had happened wouldn’t believe me.</p>

      <p>“You’re so humble, Sir Kanami. From what I heard, you severed its head during a one-on-one battle as it soared through the air!”</p>

      <p>This was a serious pain. I had no choice but to repeat the same explanation over and over again, that forced smile never leaving my face. But the more I insisted the victory belonged to all four of us, the more they simply saw me as a humble and sincere “hero.” It was clear that Snow had deliberately primed them to take that view. It made me want to play the part of some outrageous brute and ruin it all for her. But as guildmaster, that wasn’t in the cards. I’d betray the expectations of the woman in front of me, and there were children in the vicinity. Children with sparkles in their eyes at the presence of this larger-than-life “hero.”</p>

      <p>Using <em>Dimension</em>, I looked at the expression on my face from an objective viewpoint. And I looked tired. It was the same look on my face as during the ball. A tired look not dissimilar to the one Mr. Glenn wore that day. Maybe what was going through his mind at the time was a lot like what was going through my mind currently.</p>

      <p>I kept talking so that my emotions didn’t show. In the meantime, I found Lorwen a little distance away. Like me, he was surrounded by villagers. Unlike me, he was looking great. As such, while it pained me to do it, I brought <em>him</em> up.</p>

      <p>I put on my biggest smile that day. “You see him over there? That’s Lorwen. He’s my blade instructor. And it’s thanks to his teachings that I’m able to fight monsters. If you’re curious about the sword side of things, maybe you’d be interested in talking to him?”</p>

      <p>Presto, their interest was redirected.</p>

      <p>“My apologies. Allow me to excuse myself for a moment. I need to go greet the chief,” I lied.</p>

      <p>Before the people around me could notice how artificial that was, I hurried out of there, slipping through the human wall. But no matter what direction I walked, people’s eyes kept falling on me. It was patently obvious that at this rate, they’d simply encircle me again.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Dimension: Calculash.</em>”</p>

      <p>I used magic to escape their prying eyes. I detected the movements of their lines of sight and always walked the opposite way. The moment I outmaneuvered all those human searchlights, I leaped without making a sound, successfully landing on the roof of the mansion without drawing any notice. Just as I was about to turn off <em>Dimension</em>, I spotted Reaper on another roof. I jumped across roofs to get closer to her. She was staring blankly at the stars, so quiet and well-behaved that I thought maybe she was unwell.</p>

      <p>“What’s the matter, Reaper? Are you hurting again?”</p>

      <p>Unperturbed by the suddenness of my presence, perhaps due to tracking me with her own <em>Dimension</em> spell, she replied, “Nuh-uh, I’m fine. I was just thinking, that’s all.”</p>

      <p>“Festivals don’t come every day. You’re not gonna go down and play?”</p>

      <p>The Reaper I knew would be making a veritable racket. I didn’t think standing still and staring up at the sky was terribly like her.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay,” she said, smiling. “I’m having fun just watching. So, what’s up, mister?”</p>

      <p>I didn’t want anything from her. I’d only come over because I was kind of worried about her. Searching for a topic of conversation, I racked my brain. Something had been on my mind since the day before. More than one thing. I’d been thinking about myself, about Snow, about Lorwen, about Reaper, about everybody. And in the end, these were the words that came out of my mouth.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Reaper. What’s your take on this whole ‘hero’ thing? Do you think it’s a good thing? You know, the kind they say can give everybody true happiness. Do you think such a sweet deal can even be real?”</p>

      <p>I was being equivocal and oblique, but I did think that question struck at the heart of my predicament.</p>

      <p>“Huh? A hero? What’s this about, all of a sudden? Hm... I dunno. I guess I don’t think it’s all that great a thing to be.”</p>

      <p>At that, my expression turned cheerier. “Right? There’s no way a ‘hero’ could be a good thing. I’m happy you said that, Reaper. I was a little anxious since I couldn’t keep pace with Snow and Lorwen on the issue.”</p>

      <p>I felt like those two believed in this “hero” character too blindly, and I couldn’t relate at all to their desperation to either gain or be one.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Ms. Snow and Lorwen are being a bit weird, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Right?”</p>

      <p>Now that I’d found somebody whose opinion I could understand, I felt more at ease. Being around that fame-obsessed pair was a bit exhausting. But Reaper, she was different. She didn’t have that implicit, unquestioning faith in the concept. Her values were similar to my own. That was what I figured, and I tried to add more, only to be interrupted by Reaper’s calm voice.</p>

      <p>“But you know, mister, from where I’m standing, you’re the same as them.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? I’m the same?” My enthusiasm that we understood each other was cooling.</p>

      <p>“Lorwen’s a slave to the mission he was given by the House of Arrace. Snow’s a slave to the mission she was given by the House of Walker. And you’re a slave to the mission you were given by someone else too. Maybe you’re feeling a bit out of sync with them ’cause out of the three of you, you’ve got no need for a ‘hero’? But as far as I can see, I think you’re all pretty much doing the same thing.”</p>

      <p>To be honest, I couldn’t comprehend what she was saying at first. It was only after I turned her words over in my mind that I realized how well considered and perspicacious they were, and I was taken aback by the keenness of her insight. As of late, she’d been taking a step back to ponder with some frequency, but it never occurred to me that this was what she’d been thinking as she viewed us from behind.</p>

      <p>“What do you mean, the mission given to me by somebody else?”</p>

      <p>There had to be some kind of deep meaning to the words she’d said repeatedly, and I repeated them myself, wanting to know what that deep meaning was. Maybe, just maybe, Reaper could solve all of my worries. But Reaper didn’t pick up what I was putting down.</p>

      <p>“I’m gonna keep fighting against the mission I was given by somebody else, mister.”</p>

      <p>She wasn’t looking at anyone. She just stared at the sky and spoke of herself. She kept talking about herself, looking a little distressed. “I won’t <em>get what I want mixed up</em>, I swear it!”</p>

      <p>There was no composure in her expression; I could tell that her plate was already full. Maybe those comments were a by-product of her continuous search for the solution to her own woes. All this time, she’d been actively confronting her own problems—unlike me.</p>

      <p>It made me feel pathetic for trying to lean on her like that. Here she was, fighting the good fight against what was plaguing her without involving anyone else. Meanwhile, I had tried to get somebody else to cough up an easy answer for my own issues. Right now, she was suffering from the hardship imposed on her by her nature as a spell, yet she’d chosen her own purpose in life regardless and was doing her damnedest to abide by it. I took a step closer, hoping to be of help.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Reaper. If that ‘urge to kill’ is hurting you, I could—”</p>

      <p>“That’s all right, mister. This is my problem. I’ll figure something out.”</p>

      <p>Her expression was a complex weave of emotions. She did want help, but she couldn’t allow herself to be helped. She did want a solution, an answer, but she couldn’t allow it to come from me. She did want deliverance, but she couldn’t allow herself to be rescued. The look on her face contained so many conflicted feelings.</p>

      <p>In her view, I had what I truly wanted all wrong. Maybe she was thinking I should get myself sorted out before I could think about helping others. And put simply, she probably couldn’t trust me. Not when she thought I was all screwed up.</p>

      <p>“Gotcha,” I said, gritting my teeth.</p>

      <p>My eyes shifted a little bit, falling on my bangle. The problem I’d been running from this whole time. I <em>knew</em> it was the source of it all, but I’d tried not to think about it. I’d convinced myself that since I had time to spare, I should just go nice and easy, verifying stuff along the way. I’d kicked the can down the road, telling myself bullshit like maintaining the status quo came first. The little girl before my eyes was confronting her own troubles to the point of excruciating pain, whereas I wasn’t facing mine at all. I recalled her words.</p>

      <p><em>“Don’t toy with other people’s fates.”</em></p>

      <p><em>“Don’t let his lies go unpunished.”</em></p>

      <p><em>“Don’t confuse what it is you want.”</em></p>

      <p>They sank into my soul, as though they’d been my own words. And I reckoned they sounded more like me than anything I’d said recently. That feeling backed up a certain theory I’d considered in a corner of my mind, and now that theory was beginning to sound quite plausible, forcing me to think about its origin and foundation. Before I knew it, I was sitting beside Reaper, ruminating. I found myself looking down at the feast taking place in the village. Through my parallel streams of thought, I took note of Lorwen amid the crowd.</p>

      <p>“Ah! Over there,” I said. “The kids Lorwen was teaching the blade to when we got here.”</p>

      <p>Lorwen was surrounded by a crowd of people. The kids were there too, but not as close up to him, and they had vexed looks on their faces.</p>

      <p>“Yep,” said Reaper distractedly.</p>

      <p>She was probably deep in thought, just like me. But the words kept spilling out of me.</p>

      <p>“Lorwen’s surrounded by so many different people, they can’t get to him.”</p>

      <p>“Yep.”</p>

      <p>The kids wanted to talk to him, but couldn’t.</p>

      <p>“Is Lorwen unable to see those kids, maybe?”</p>

      <p>“Could be he can’t see them from where he is.”</p>

      <p>I got the feeling that this sight provided the answer to it all. And then I realized the truth. No, I didn’t <em>realize</em> the truth. Reaper had <em>taught</em> me the truth. Or no, that might not be it either. Because if my conjecture was correct, the one who’d told me was <em>me.</em></p>

      <p>I stole a glance at Reaper’s expression. She was in pain. But that was also <em>my</em> expression. She was showing me what I was <em>truly</em> feeling. So I took a page from her book.</p>

      <p>“I’ve made up my mind, Reaper. Just like you, I refuse to get what I really want confused anymore.”</p>

      <p>She nodded gently—she seemed a tiny bit happier.</p>

      <p>I’d finally set my heart on it. On looking my problems square in the eyes. I couldn’t put it off any longer. I mustn’t. Because I already knew the way to solve those problems, what I ought to do, and the answer for me. And I suspected I’d known from the very start. Since that very first morning I’d awoken inside Epic Seeker, every cell in my body had been screaming. I’d just been ignoring that fact. Pretending not to notice. Because this setup was so comfortable. So blissful. My little sister Maria being there with me served as a ball and chain. My material reality was so beyond reproach that it had made me give up on doubting any of it. Because that was the easiest thing to do. And because I’d been promised I’d obtain glory down that road. But that was a miserable sham. Watching Snow and Lorwen made me realize that was unimportant. And watching Reaper made me realize what <em>was</em> important.</p>

      <p>Everything up until today had been a straitjacket robbing me of my freedom. And who had put me in that straitjacket? Palinchron Regacy. In all likelihood, I didn’t actually owe him my life. Far from it. He was my nemesis. And that had already dawned on me. But I was afraid my comfortable chains might break.</p>

      <p>I’d been well aware that lies never saved anybody. I’d even said as much. But I’d been unable to actively pursue the truth. According to Mr. Rayle, the memories of my past apparently held only sorrow and a wretched turn of fate equivalent to Maria losing part of her body. Or, no. Not “apparently.” In truth, I knew the only thing those stolen memories could point to. And it was bigger than my memories being stolen from me or my little sister’s real name being different.</p>

      <p>Yes. Yes, the whole truth was big enough and horrible enough to spell the end of everybody’s halcyon days.</p>

      <p>I prioritized my sister’s happiness over my own life. And given that fact, there was only one thing that font of sorrow could be. Only one, singular possibility—my sister wasn’t in this world. That was the answer. I was sure nothing else made sense. The girl called Maria was NOT my sister.</p>

      <p>“Urgh...”</p>

      <p>Now that I was facing that from which I’d been averting my eyes, I was assailed by intense nausea. My stomach was churning, and I could swear my heart was about to crawl out of my throat. And if I had indeed reached the truth, this was not the time to be doing this dumb shit. This was not the time to be playing guildmaster. I had to save my sister, and I had to save her <em>now!</em> I had to go home. I had to make my sister happy, even if the happiness was hers alone, and I didn’t care if I had to die to make that happen.</p>

      <p>My resolve to take back the truth had solidified, but that came with a fierce ague. I was so dizzy it felt like up was down and down was up. The fact that that which was more precious to me than my own life lay outside my reach was agony. But I mustn’t run away from that strife.</p>

      <p>The same went for Reaper. She also had what was more important than her own life chosen for her and was subjecting herself to pain by reaching toward what <em>she’d</em> decided was important. And I couldn’t very well tuck tail and run when a girl so much younger than me was standing and fighting.</p>

      <p>Reaper noticed something was amiss and turned her attention to me. “Mister?”</p>

      <p>The pain hadn’t lessened, but just like she’d done for me, I smiled to show her she needn’t worry. However, I no longer had the time or energy to be thinking about Reaper. I couldn’t afford to occupy myself with anything else. And I was sure it was much the same for her. It had to be. There was no way anybody who was expending every effort on themselves had the wherewithal to be able to intuit or understand the feelings of others all that deeply.</p>

      <p>I laughed at how shortsighted and foolish I’d been up until now, and the gears in my head started spinning so furiously that the heat threatened to melt my brain. A quick and speedy resolution would benefit everybody. The sooner I solved this, the sooner I’d be able to help Reaper. And I’d be able to help Snow and Lorwen in the true sense of the word. Together with Reaper, I continued to gaze upon the feast below and the night sky above. The banquet had gotten hectic because the guest of honor had disappeared, but I ignored all that and kept mulling things over, just me and her, for a good long time.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>