<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_1"><div class="main">
      <p>It was an incredibly terrifying, if dreamlike, spectacle. Lorwen’s opponents snapped out of it, and the two sword-wielding defenders at the fore attacked him as he approached. Challenging Lorwen, the “strongest swordsman in history,” to a close-combat fight yielded the obvious outcome. The moment they made contact, the two dropped their blades to the ground, the backs of their hands bleeding.</p>

      <p>Leaving those two to eat his dust, he walked up to the side of the mage at the rear. When Lorwen thrust the twig that had bested the wood spell the mage had spent all his energy casting before his eyes, the mage laughed in a cold sweat. In the face of a power gap that overwhelming, he had no choice but to drop his staff to the ground.</p>

      <p>“Ha. Ha ha ha! We surrender.”</p>

      <p>“Right. I accept your surrender.”</p>

      <p>Lorwen threw the twig to the ground and raised his hands to the audience with a smile. That instant, cheers enveloped the whole arena. That grand spell in itself had been a sight worth seeing, and then this unknown swordsman had sliced right through it. It was a match everybody could be satisfied to have witnessed. The presenter shouted over the mighty din of cheering in order to be heard.</p>

      <p>“L... Lorwen has fulfilled the match’s win condition! Victory goes to Lorwen! A relative unknown has defeated a powerhouse team that was a favorite for the championship, and advances to Round 2!”</p>

      <p>That announcement only made the cheering grow even louder. The storm of approbation could reasonably be called a moment of “glory.” It wasn’t the peak of the glory mountain, but Lorwen had set foot on the mountain’s base. That was beyond doubt. And yet, his aura hadn’t weakened at all, even after basking in so much praise. It was as strong and dense as ever. Sure, he was smiling. He was putting on a smile, there at the center of the arena. But he looked somewhat forlorn; I couldn’t imagine it was a smile from the heart. While he was waving his hands at the crowd, it looked like he was <em>suffocating</em> a little. Like it was all so stifling.</p>

      <p>Just then, I detected an organism traveling at high speed through <em>Dimension</em>. Since I’d been focused on this match, it took me longer to notice than usual. A girl mounted atop a giant wolf was fast approaching, jumping off the small boats crossing the river in a manner not unlike a street performer. The wolf bounded onto the fleet, picking up even more speed and running across the roofs of the ship’s various structures. With one last big jump, it cleared even the outer wall of the west area arena.</p>

      <p>I caught sight of the wolf not through <em>Dimension</em>, but with my own two eyes. The nearby spectators also noticed the sudden arrival of that ferocious beast, and they screamed. It paid no heed to its intended route, or to the screams, for that matter. The pair swept through the audience like a swift wind and leaped onto the field of battle. While the wolf was airborne, the girl riding it also jumped, springing up with the clear skies and white sun at her back. The spectators who were waiting in the west area arena witnessed it.</p>

      <p>With the crowd’s eyes on her, she gracefully stuck the landing at the center of the arena. Then she swung her enshrouding cloak to clear away the cloud of dust she had kicked up upon landing and flung it off her in the same motion, thereby revealing who she was. Laid bare was a girl with golden hair that swayed like feathers. She was so beautiful that it instilled a sense of awe and fear in all who looked upon her; she was an unearthly entity whose very presence transformed her surroundings from mundane reality to fanciful fantasy. She was the most exalted and revered girl in all the Alliance. She was Lastiara Whoseyards.</p>

      <p>Lastiara elegantly unsheathed the sword at her waist and clove the air. It was a dynamic entry right out of a drama, and her stirring entrance onto the stage caused an outpouring of excitement from the crowd. The cheering crashed onto the west area battlefield like an avalanche.</p>

      <p>The presenter, having grasped what just happened, hastily made a fresh announcement. “She... She made it, folks! There’s no mistaking her! The god incarnate of the Church of Levahn, the celestial princess Lastiara Whoseyards, has now arrived!”</p>

      <p>With that declaration, the cheers reached a roaring crescendo. Lastiara responded with a smile and a wave of the hand. The administrative staff laid the preparations for the match without delay. They must have wanted to get the Brawl rolling while everyone was still so worked up.</p>

      <p>Team Lastiara’s opponents, three men in their thirties to forties, quickly emerged from the gate to face off against her. They wore stern and solemn expressions, and their black clothes resembled military uniforms. These were not free-spirited adventurers or delvers; they looked more like they belonged to some public institution. It was immediately clear from all their scars that they were veteran warriors. Unfortunately for them, Lastiara was a rough adversary to have to face. That was just how fundamentally different—how blessed by this world—she was.</p>

      <p>After confirming that both teams were ready, the presenter got things started. “Now then, we’ll determine this match’s format.”</p>

      <p>I looked at the materials I had on hand to check the method by which they nailed down the rules before any given match. Apparently, there was a different format for each of the matches in the Brawl. It said here that it was based on the prefight discussion between the two teams, where the rules of the duel and what was on the line were decided. However, there was also a disclaimer that if the talk seemed to be dragging on too long, the presenter could, at their discretion, apply the standard ruleset.</p>

      <p>One of her opponents stepped forward and bowed deeply to Lastiara. “It’s a pleasure and an honor to meet you, Lady Lastiara. My name is Shaid of the House of Fahre, which serves under a military capacity in our nation of Vart.”</p>

      <p>The presenter picked up his voice with the mic-like magic tool, making sure the venue could hear it. Lastiara responded frankly without taking the smile off her face.</p>

      <p>“Nice to meet ya, Mr. Shaid. But since status doesn’t matter here, you can relax.”</p>

      <p>“We are not worthy.”</p>

      <p>“Well, I guess even if I say that, it’ll never actually work, huh? Right, then, what will be the condition for victory?”</p>

      <p>“We request either the standard Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball ruleset of knocking the flower, or otherwise, knocking the weapon for the win.”</p>

      <p><em>Knocking the flower?</em> I’d never heard that phrase before. I hurried to find the relevant passage in the rules written in my documents.</p>

      <p>“Wearing a flower makes for a prettier show, so let’s go for knocking the flower, shall we? Mr. Presenter, hand me my flower.”</p>

      <p>The document explained that “knocking the flower” referred to a battle where both sides placed a variation of a corsage on their chests. Whoever knocked their opponents’ flowers off first won. The presenter gave her a decorative “flower” that was of a dark shade, not unlike a rose; she pinned it to her chest. Her opponents did likewise.</p>

      <p>Once the battle preparations were over, one of her opponents suggested a reward for the duel. “In the event that we win, I think we would like you to return to the cathedral in Whoseyards.”</p>

      <p>“Sure, you got it. That’s fine by me.”</p>

      <p>“You don’t mind?” he asked, confused.</p>

      <p>“Nope. I’m participating knowing that’s a possibility.”</p>

      <p>“So you’re competing knowing that if you lose, you’ll be sent home immediately... Your resolve is admirable. Then if you should win, Lady Lastiara...”</p>

      <p>“If I win, give my new life your blessing.” While the man’s victory request had been succinct and concrete, hers was ambiguous and vague. “I don’t need your help or support. You can just pray for me.”</p>

      <p>Prayer. A victory request that cost the losers next to nothing and gained her next to nothing. But that was what she wanted.</p>

      <p>“Understood,” he said after a pause.</p>

      <p>“You can decide how you face me too. I don’t mind if you all come at me, three on one.”</p>

      <p>“No, I’ll fight Your Holiness one-on-one as this group’s representative. I won’t belabor this.”</p>

      <p>“Roger that. All right, how ’bout we ring the bell?”</p>

      <p>With that, the two put some distance between each other. They’d set the rules more smoothly than I’d anticipated. All that was left was to fight. When the presenter saw that they’d finished discussing, he summarized what they’d agreed on for the spectators’ benefit.</p>

      <p>“I couldn’t cut in for fear of being impudent, but...it’d seem the format for the fight has been decided! The outcome of this match will determine whether Lady Lastiara Whoseyards will return to the cathedral, and it will be a straightforward duel between the teams’ representatives! If Lord Fahre wins, the ongoing Festival of the Blessed Birth incident will instantly come to a resolution!”</p>

      <p>The cheers resounded like a raging torrent. The excitement in the venue eclipsed the fervor generated by Lorwen’s match. Lastiara was a huge name in this world. It could maybe be likened to an A-list pop idol participating in the Olympics.</p>

      <p>“Now then, may Round 1 of the West Area of the Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball commence!”</p>

      <p>The moment that sentence ended, Lastiara and the military man started running. Their swords clashed at the center of the arena, and the start signal was rung. The presenter hurriedly retreated outside of the battlefield. The force of the sword clash apparently caused them to be blown back, and they fell back one step at a time. The soldier wore a shocked expression, but it quickly reverted to a stern look as he started incanting. In response, Lastiara simply walked away with a smile on her face.</p>

      <p>By that point, I could already see how the match would end up playing out. Given Lastiara’s overwhelming physical strength, that whole both-blown-back-by-the-clash bit could only be play-acting on her part. She was pretending it was an evenly matched game for the audience’s sake.</p>

      <p>“<em>Tear the enemy to pieces! Alto Sehr!”</em></p>

      <p>He fired off a wind spell. After taking a good look at the craftsmanship that spell displayed, she spun like a top and slashed at the wind. She could have dodged the attack entirely, but she probably decided that scattering the squall in all directions would look cooler. She’d made it a point to fend it off with her sword.</p>

      <p>In tandem with his wind spell, the soldier dashed forward. He must have favored close combat, using the wind as a means of distracting his opponent. Lastiara calmly engaged the enemy. The soldier’s swordsmanship was superb, but she dealt with it with magnificent grace.</p>

      <p>That performance of alternating between strong and soft sword styles electrified the stands. The strong sword style referred to simply overpowering the opponent, while the soft sword style referred to parrying the opponent’s attacks and mustering the minimum strength necessary to get in a hit. But from my point of view, her performance was just that. It was all bullshit. Lastiara’s sword skills were messy and all over the place. In reality, it wasn’t the proper soft sword style—it was something that only looked like it. A flippant imitation.</p>

      <p>I knew this because Lorwen had taught me the basics of the blade. The military man’s soft sword style made perfect sense, but her swordplay was the opposite. It threw logic out the window. She was just swinging her sword in whichever way looked the coolest. The only reason there was any back-and-forth at all between them was her monstrous reflexes and dynamic visual acuity. And most of all, her sword moved far faster than his. No matter how much wasted movement she exhibited, her sheer speed made up for it. I felt deeply for the soldier guy.</p>

      <p>Before long, Lastiara murmured, “You’re a fine swordsman, and your strength’s nothing to sneeze at either.” She was clearly going for style points; with an affected dramatic flair, her fresh and cool voice resounded as she took a poised step forward. “That said, I don’t think you’re ready for the stage yet.”</p>

      <p>With one merciless stroke of her sword, Lastiara sent his own sword flying, scattering the flowers at his chest at the same time. The silver of the blade and the red flowers flew into the sky, and Lastiara’s hair also fluttered in the air. The dust that she kicked up when she took that step was like the frame of a painting.</p>

      <p>After bearing witness to a conclusion so beautiful it was out of a fairy tale, the audience unleashed the loudest cheering so far. Pushing his way through the volcanic eruption of cheers, the presenter signaled the end of the match.</p>

      <p>“Lady Lastiara Whoseyards has fulfilled the win condition! Victory is hers! She exquisitely advances to Round 2!”</p>

      <p>Upon hearing that announcement, Lastiara sheathed her sword and extended a hand. With a wry smile, the soldier extended his own.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much, Mr. Shaid.”</p>

      <p>“That was splendid, Lady Lastiara. I never could have guessed I’d be this outmatched.”</p>

      <p>“Oh no, you were a worthy opponent!”</p>

      <p>It might have seemed like he was a worthy opponent to the crowd, given the duration of the evenly matched sword duel portion of the fight, but the military man understood that it was all an act she had put on, and as such, he couldn’t respond with anything other than a polite smile. Thus did Lastiara’s first match come to an end.</p>

      <p>Since the next match was going to start shortly, she walked toward the gate, beyond which was a room I assumed was a waiting room. She didn’t forget to work the crowd on her way there, flashing smiles all over the place. Seeing how short the distance was between the exit gate and the stands, I wove my way through to the front row. Then I cried out to her, through the roar of the crowd.</p>

      <p>“Hey! Lastiara!”</p>

      <p>Lastiara reacted by turning and scanning the crowd. She spotted me. “Hm? Wait, is that you, Kanami? Were you cheering me on?” she said, with the tone of someone bumping into an old friend, a response that warmed my heart.</p>

      <p>It was difficult to make out what she said over the surrounding din. I could only barely manage to hear her, and only because of <em>Dimension</em>. I decided to get straight to the point. “Lastiara! You got some time later?! I wanna talk!”</p>

      <p>“Huh? No, no time. I’ve got a second match today, so maybe after that, okay?”</p>

      <p>It was then the spectators noticed someone was talking to her. A legion of eyes pointed my way; they were wondering who this guy chatting so casually with <em>the</em> Lastiara Whoseyards could be.</p>

      <p>“All right, after Round 2 it is!”</p>

      <p>“Cool. Ah, but be good and advance to the next round yourself, okay, Kanami? Promise me you will!”</p>

      <p>“Yep, you got it!”</p>

      <p>To avoid standing out, I left it there and took to my heels. I had plenty of shit on my mind, but I’d somehow managed to achieve my goal. All that was left was to wait for the time to come.</p>

      <p>Pulling away from the spectators’ curious gazes, I hurried out of the west area arena.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>After watching that match, I figured I’d spend the time I had until Match 2 started in the afternoon to get a meal, so I went to one of the onboard restaurants. It was a solid restaurant, but it didn’t really have that shipboard feel, probably because there were so many ships linked together. I could only make out any of the beautiful blue if I strained my eyes looking into the distant horizon. In any case, I filled my stomach as I viewed that not-so-amazing scenery and returned to my room. I knew a worker would come to my room to guide me again if I waited long enough.</p>

      <p>As I’d promised Lastiara, I was thinking I might as well win the second round. If I remembered correctly, Lastiara told me she was planning to get the bangle off me during a proper match. I also had a duty to do it as a guildmaster, as well as Lorwen’s regrets to work through. Withdrawing from the tournament wasn’t an option.</p>

      <p>After the sun had reached its zenith, a knock came on my door. The staff member instructed me to go to the north arena’s designated waiting room, which was <em>also</em> a swanky private compartment. Clearly, a lot had gone toward accommodating the Brawl’s participants. I imagined considerable amounts of money were changing hands thanks to these final rounds.</p>

      <p>My match was to commence shortly. I sat down on a chair and deployed <em>Dimension</em>. I wanted to know who my opponents were beforehand. Expanding my senses, I came upon the name of the person I’d probably be facing off against. I also read her menu to obtain all the details, as was practically a habit at this point.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Annius Crooner</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 143/147</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 156/156</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Mage</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 15</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 3.31</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 3.15</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 1.89</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 1.26</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 6.23</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 8.23</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.42</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The team’s leader was named Annius. It seemed I’d be squaring off against a group of mage girls with this Annius at their head. I could tell by their uniforms and the contents of their conversation that they were academy students residing in Eltraliew. They were earnestly going over their battle strategy up until the last second.</p>

      <p>“Listen, we’ll be fighting the guildmaster of Epic Seeker. Let’s not let our guard down and go full throttle from the word go!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, we know. Since his specialty is apparently ice magic, let’s mainly use fire magic.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll be all the way in the back, shooting off fire spells. I’ll go full power from the very start, so back me up, please.”</p>

      <p>I was a fly on the wall of their final prematch meeting. This was hard to justify. I’d started to go so far as to listen in on their formation before chiding myself and turning off <em>Dimension</em>. If I kept eavesdropping, the match would be over before it even began, and there was a limit to how low I was willing to stoop. I decided to use the rest of my time strengthening my mental focus instead. I calmed my fretful heart. I rationally suppressed the impulse to learn the truth as soon as possible, and the urge to save my friends. About an hour later, a worker prompted me to enter the arena. Nodding, I took out the Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword from my inventory and slowly walked down the path leading to the stage. The dim passage stretched for more than ten meters.</p>

      <p>I passed through the entrance gate, and the moment I stepped into the arena, a piercing light hit me from the sky, along with cheers raining down on me. It was a tempest of sound that rocked me to my very core. My legs suddenly stiffened. This was different from the cheers I’d heard during Lorwen’s and Lastiara’s matches this morning. The vector of all the cheering of thousands of people was pointed squarely <em>my</em> way now, and that made a world of difference. It had a definite weight to it. And it was only natural that it hit differently compared to hearing that same cheering from behind the stands.</p>

      <p>I managed to move my frozen legs from under the pounding cascade of cheers and stares and proceeded onto the sandy grounds. The excess of pressure parched my throat. My heart was thumping, my whole body tensing up. I kept my face an expressionless mask to hide my nerves and walked to the center, where my trio of opponents awaited. Apparently, I’d arrived after them.</p>

      <p>The presenter shouted, “And this, ladies and gentlemen, is Laoravia’s representative! The master of the hot-streak guild, Epic Seeker! It’s the one and only Aikawa Kanami! What’s more, folks, he’s fighting all by his lonesome! He’s the only man brave enough to tackle this tournament alone! Is it a sign of his absolute confidence, or is some other motive at play?!”</p>

      <p>That introduction left me feeling more abashed than I’d expected; I looked down at my shoes and endured it. If it had been possible, I would have liked to have entered as a team of three myself. The fact that I was alone was all Palinchron.</p>

      <p><em>I just didn’t have anybody to ask besides Snow or Lorwen, so...</em></p>

      <p>After I survived the introductory remarks, my opponents drew closer to me.</p>

      <p>“Now then,” said the presenter, “please decide on the format for the match.”</p>

      <p>The three students seemed to be as nervous as I was. They also looked around my age. The heated atmosphere in the arena must have been hard for a teenage girl to bear, but the girl I assumed was the leader strode forward with determination. I also steeled my resolve. I was planning to push for a standard ruleset match with nothing on the line. I had no intention of approving whatever the other side wanted.</p>

      <p>“Er, uh, I’m a big fan! Please shake my hand!”</p>

      <p>I’d had no intention of doing what they wanted...but my resolve had been weak. The girl before my eyes was blushing, and she bowed deeply, proffering her right hand.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Ah, sure.”</p>

      <p>Impelled by her modest demeanor, I found myself shaking her hand. Now she had a hold of both my hand and the pace of the conversation.</p>

      <p>“I heard the rumors about Laoravia! You’re the same age as us, but you’re already kicking butt as the leader of a guild! I massively respect you! I’ve also seen you fight before! And, well, you looked incredibly cool!”</p>

      <p>“Ah, uh, thanks.”</p>

      <p>This unforeseen turn had me wincing. This was the second time I’d met a fan or what have you. I could never have guessed one of my opponents would be one.</p>

      <p>“We’re aspiring to work for an Alliance guild after graduating, so we’ve looked into the guilds in all the nations...and we naturally found Epic Seeker to be the best one! And you’re a cut above even compared to the rest of the guild!”</p>

      <p>“Th-Thanks, I guess?”</p>

      <p>“I’m going to put aside my pride and make a humble request—if we win, could you come visit the academy?!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, the academy? But why?”</p>

      <p>“Allow me to explain! I heard you’re also a skilled mage and a Dungeon diver! We’d like it very much if you could come visit as a temporary teacher—or no, if possible, as our private tutor! And could you please teach us about guild work and the Dungeon too?!”</p>

      <p>I never saw that victory demand coming. I was so flummoxed that I just parroted the words. “Private tutor? Somebody like <em>me?</em>”</p>

      <p>“Yes, if you would be so kind. My upperclassman Franrühle, who’s also participating, told us how stupendous your fighting skills were in the Dungeon too. I look up to you, and if you do us the honor of coming, it’d make us very happy.”</p>

      <p><em>Franrühle...</em> If I was remembering correctly, she was one of the knights I’d met at the ball. And she’d called me “Sieg.” It could be the case that my past self Dungeon dived alongside Franrühle at one point. And she must have exchanged that information with these students who frequented her academy. Talk about unexpected. I’d braced myself for putting my money on the line; I never would have supposed they’d ask me to become a <em>teacher</em>. I did think it was an endearing victory demand. It was like a bunch of soccer-loving kids asking a pro to coach them. I decided their demands were within the range of permissibility. While I wasn’t confident I was able to impart knowledge to anybody with any skill, it didn’t spell my end if I did lose.</p>

      <p>“Uh, well...”</p>

      <p>I was of two minds, as was clear from my hesitation to accept. The girl hastened to add, “If, uh, if we lose, we’ll do anything you like!”</p>

      <p>My expression stiffened. I got the feeling that if I let that snowball roll, she’d wind up saying more unreasonable stuff. I remembered all the crazy examples of things getting out of hand that the lady at the Brawl reception desk had told me about, so I agreed to the terms before the situation worsened. I was sure my best bet was to just make quick work of the match, tell them I didn’t need anything, and end it all that way.</p>

      <p>“Hm...that’s, uh, if you win, okay? If you guys win, I’m fine with that.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you so much!”</p>

      <p>I felt as though the voices of the venue grew appreciably louder once our victory demands were decided. Maybe they became excited about the stakes of the match when they heard her say she’d do whatever I wanted. Unfortunately for them, I wouldn’t ask for anything. If I did ask for something, I’d tell them to be partial to Epic Seeker. I ignored the riled-up audience and contemplated my path to victory.</p>

      <p>“In exchange, please let this match’s ruleset be knocking the flower. I don’t wanna get hurt, and I don’t wanna hurt anybody else either. Also, I don’t mind if it’s three-on-one. From what I hear, that’s the standard ruleset.”</p>

      <p>“No problem!” she said, accepting those terms with a smile. “We were actually looking for it to be a knocking the flower match too! And we’ll take you up on the three-on-one offer! We’ll be pinning your flower!”</p>

      <p>Then she put some distance back between us. Restlessly fidgeting, she received the flowers from the presenter. She looked super nervous, which made me somewhat suspicious. I put on the flower the same way.</p>

      <p>The presenter started shouting. “I can’t believe it! Aikawa has accepted those terrifying terms without a second thought! Does he not realize that while the words were soft, this means they’re putting their bodies on the line?! Or is this an indication that he’s just that overwhelmingly confident?!”</p>

      <p>That explanation had been enough to point out my misunderstanding.</p>

      <p>“Huh? My body?”</p>

      <p>“There you have it, folks! He didn’t realize! The word on the street’s true—his skills are terrific, but he’s quite the ditz!”</p>

      <p>Before I knew it, it had turned into a serious matter. I’d been hoodwinked by how harmless the word “private tutor” sounded, but I’d finally realized that this blushing girl was putting herself on the line physically in order to obtain <em>my</em> body. And I’d said yes like it was no big thing. The receptionist lady had warned me and everything, and yet I’d still made this mistake. I wasn’t surprised the spectators were eating it up either. The atmosphere in the arena heated up even more, and they were eagerly awaiting the start of the match.</p>

      <p>“Wait, hold on a—”</p>

      <p>“Now then, may Round 2 of the North Area of the Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball commence!”</p>

      <p>As soon as the presenter finished that sentence, incantations echoed across the arena.</p>

      <p>“<em>Extend, O pillar! Flame Pillar!”</em></p>

      <p>“<em>Flame!</em> <em>Flame! Flame!”</em></p>

      <p>“<em>Pile up the flame sacrifices! Throw time on the pyre! Play the strings of your resolve...</em>”</p>

      <p>The girls deployed their magic right out of the gate. Despite their front-middle-back formation, all three of them chose to use magic. However, only the girl at the very back seemed to be incanting at length.</p>

      <p>There was no time to complain. I deployed my own magic as I approached the nearest girl. Incidentally, I’d sheathed my sword. It would be a serious problem if I wounded a teenage girl.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Wintermension.</em>”</p>

      <p>I began the process of nullifying all of their spells. Luckily, I housed an understanding of fire magic within me. I could do more than throw the spells askew; it was child’s play for me to disperse them altogether. First, I dispersed the <em>Flame Pillar</em> at the fore. Then I interfered with the long incantation at the rear. Then I attempted to dismantle the elementary-level spells simply named <em>Flame</em> shot by the middle guard—and failed to meddle with one of them.</p>

      <p>“I can’t erase it?”</p>

      <p>That <em>Flame</em> had no weak points whatsoever. I instantly understood why. The girl in the middle had a number of rings on her fingers, and I saw that some of the expensive-looking red rings were now broken. I looked at the menu for one of the unbroken ones.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【</code><code><em>SCATTERFLAME</em></code><code> MAGIC GEM RING】A ring containing the power of </code><code><em>Scatterflame.</em></code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I understood that it was a magic tool with a specific spell incorporated into it. <em>Wintermension</em> couldn’t interfere with the complete spells residing inside such magic tools. I rethought my strategy and stopped trying to pluck the closest girl’s flower for the time being. If I kept pressing in on her, that one <em>Flame</em> would get in the way, preventing me from reaching her. I had no choice but to deal with the <em>Flame</em> headed my way.</p>

      <p>As I analyzed the situation, I realized how limited my options were. The fire didn’t pose a threat to me personally. Even if the flames did hit me, my HP wouldn’t drop much at all. Since I was leveling up, my durability was surpassing what was humanly feasible. But the flower on my chest wasn’t as durable as I was. The tiniest fragment of the tiniest spark would set it alight. That was the problem. And so I chose to focus on an abundance of defensive measures.</p>

      <p>“Urgh! Spellcast: <em>Freeze!”</em></p>

      <p>While deploying magical cold, I made full use of my physical prowess to dodge all of the <em>Flames</em> with moves that carried me great distances. That was because, according to the rules, I couldn’t even get grazed.</p>

      <p>The first turn of the match was over, and the leader in the middle gave out instructions. “That was his rumored countermagic! Do as we planned and focus on the magic tools!”</p>

      <p>They didn’t seem all that shaken by the spells they’d tried to cast fizzling out. It looked as though they knew about the effects of my <em>Wintermension</em> to an extent...as was to be expected of fans of mine.</p>

      <p>The girls deployed more magic, smashing the accessories they had on them to do so. These were all wide-range fire spells suited to knocking off the flower. I defended myself by dampening the diverse host of fire spells coming my way via <em>Wintermension</em>, occasionally using <em>Blizzardmension</em> to make them disappear outright.</p>

      <p>I could see one expensive-looking magic tool break after another. The girls paid it no mind. They must have hailed from rich families. I had heard that the academy had a lot of nobles like that in attendance.</p>

      <p>As I fended off the fire, I got a sense that the girls were pretty proficient. There were no pauses to speak of; the volley of spells was rapid-fire. Presumably, they’d undergone knocking-the-flower training at this Eltraliew Academy place. They were using the optimal strategy given the ruleset.</p>

      <p>As I admired their prowess, I immediately drew my sword. Next, I took out some cloth and water from my inventory. Then I kicked myself for my arrogance. To be totally honest, I’d thought there was zero chance I could lose. That was why I’d gotten so sloppy with the prematch negotiations. I hadn’t brought a weapon, since I didn’t want to injure anyone. But thanks to that, I’d missed out on defeating the vanguard girl in the first turn. I’d been convinced I could curb stomp any opponent. And that was exacerbated by my failure to gather intel.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Blizzardmension!</em> <em>Magic Energy Freezing!</em>”</p>

      <p>Putting the name of my strongest spell to my lips, I covered my flower with the wet cloth and crafted a membrane of water around it. Then I had to wait a few seconds.</p>

      <p>“I won’t let my guard down anymore!”</p>

      <p>I ran with all my might into the storm of flame magic, closing the distance while my clothes and skin got scorched. I was far one instant and closing in the next; the vanguard looked surprised, but by the time her expression changed, it was already too late. My blade had scattered her flower, and I’d already run past her. The other two girls, the middle guard and rear guard, saw what had happened and tried to take a defensive posture. But before the middle guard could do so, the tip of my sword, which had grown longer due to <em>Magic Energy Freezing</em>, had scattered her flower too, leaving only the last one with any time to put up a fight. She held her staff forward, pointed at my eyes, crushed a magic tool, and released a hastily constructed flame spell.</p>

      <p>“<em>F-Flame!”</em></p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Ice Flamberge</em> combined with spellcast: <em>Blizzardmension</em>.”</p>

      <p>For a moment, I let <em>Blizzardmension</em> creep into the ice blade. Then, I stroked the <em>Flame</em> with my sword. The ice-element magic energy, which inhibited vibrations, penetrated the <em>Flame</em>, causing it to die away. After seeing that the fire was gone, I closed the distance without hesitation. The girl’s staff flew into the air, and at the same time, the petals of her flower joined it. After confirming that every opponent’s flower had fallen, I threw away the cloth on my chest. My flower wasn’t the least bit singed. I immediately called out to the presenter, who had lost sight of me, and pointed at the flowers.</p>

      <p>“Uh, excuse me, sir. Can I call this my victory?”</p>

      <p>He didn’t seem to understand what had happened, but he did see that all of the girls’ flowers were scattered and mine was intact. “It... It was instant, folks! It all happened in the blink of an eye! One second, the student team had the advantage, and the next, all of their flowers were gone! Is this the might of the guildmaster of Epic Seeker, Aikawa Kanami?!”</p>

      <p>His bombastic hype-manning drowned the arena in a whirlpool of excitement.</p>

      <p>“Aikawa Kanami has fulfilled the win condition! He advances to Round 3 with aplomb!”</p>

      <p>I heaved a sigh of relief. I’d made it to the next round. Afterward, the oddly embarrassed girls came to verify what my victory demand was, but I shook my head and said I didn’t want anything from them. The spectators blasted me with a tempest of boos. Some called me a good-for-nothing and worse, and I shuffled out of the arena in low spirits.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>As promised, I went to see Lastiara following the match. I searched for her using <em>Dimension</em> and found her not in any accommodations prearranged by the government, but rather on the floor of a certain luxury hotel. She and her compatriots had the whole floor to themselves. Since they had bounties on their heads, they were perhaps trying to disguise their whereabouts as much as possible. I knocked on the door to a room on the top floor and got an immediate reply before the door was opened.</p>

      <p>“Welcome, Kanami. Come in, come in.”</p>

      <p>“Okay.”</p>

      <p>I stepped inside, never letting my guard down. The interior of the room wasn’t much different from the interior of mine. It was also top-class. If there was any point of difference to speak of, it was the fact that there was a beautiful woman standing there, leaning against the door to the room deeper within. My room certainly lacked that.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Sera Radiant</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 259/263</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 108/108</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Knight</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 22</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 6.59</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 8.22</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 9.52</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 11.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 5.72</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 7.98</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.57</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Intuition 1.77</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Swordplay 2.13, Holy Magic 0.90</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I knew that name. This was the wolf semifer who had entered the tournament alongside Lastiara. Her blue hair, reminiscent of Snow’s, was quite distinctive. The clothes she was wearing and her taste in accessories also reminded me of Snow, as I could only describe a lot of what she had on as ethnic dress. Compared to Snow, however, the image she exhibited was stronger. On the whole, she was a bit flashy, and her hair color was a deeper, darker blue.</p>

      <p>Her sharp eyes were glaring at me. Unlike with Lastiara or Diablo Sith, I could sense some hostility from her. When she noticed how wary I was of Sera Radiant, Lastiara smiled faintly.</p>

      <p>“You don’t have to be on high alert like that, you know. You’re safe here.”</p>

      <p>“You sure about that?”</p>

      <p>“Serry’s one of us. You’ll be fine. I won’t deny she doesn’t get on great with <em>Sieg</em>, though.”</p>

      <p>“I... I see.”</p>

      <p>Sera Radiant huffed and turned the other way. That moment, her hostility dissipated. It seemed she had no intention of engaging me in battle then and there. That being said, it seemed she didn’t feel like stepping away either. While her presence did raise some questions, I cut to the chase.</p>

      <p>“So, the thing is...Lastiara, I’d like you to destroy my bangle right away.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara looked puzzled. “Destroy your bangle?”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t blame her for being confused. A few days back, I’d adamantly protected it, only for me to now come and say the opposite. Anybody would be suspicious.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. It’s a long story, but I’ve come to the conclusion that I need my memories back. You want to destroy my bangle, and you’ve got the power to make that happen. Could you give me a hand? Please.”</p>

      <p>“It’s a long story, huh?” Lastiara put her hand on her chin and contemplated, a serious look on her face.</p>

      <p>Maybe I’d abridged too much. Without an explanation for my sudden change of heart, there was a chance she would never take me at my word.</p>

      <p>“It’s the truth. A lot’s happened. And the way it’s all stacked up, I realized I don’t have what’s important to me. I’m going to explain everything, so listen up.”</p>

      <p>If I couldn’t win Lastiara’s trust, it’d really limit the number of people I could turn to, so I decided to be open and honest. First, I told her about the sense of discomfort and uneasiness that had been tormenting me this whole time. I told her about the other people besides her and her group who’d called me “Sieg.” I told her about the discrepancies between my memories and the information I received from my surroundings. Finally, I told her about Reaper’s remarks. The ghost girl with a line to my deep psyche had been the tipping point.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry I treated you so harshly back then. But I promise that now, I won’t say no to destroying the bangle.”</p>

      <p>“Well, hm. I see. I won’t lie, I’m a little suspicious, but we won’t hesitate to help you out. I mean, the reason we went into action to begin with is to get your memories back, so...”</p>

      <p>“That’s a relief... All right, so—”</p>

      <p>“Ah, sorry. I do have one condition,” she said, with an embarrassed expression. “Could you, uh, butter up Dia for me? He’s back in tiptop shape, physically, but mentally, hoo boy. It’s a powder keg situation.”</p>

      <p>I summoned the memory of this Dia girl; she was the one who was crying her eyes out when we first met, and the loose cannon who had razed Mr. Rayle’s home to the ground.</p>

      <p>“Er, she’s the one who burst into tears when she saw me, right? Won’t seeing me again have the opposite effect?”</p>

      <p>“No, I don’t think it can get worse if ‘she’ sees you. Sieg was the person she trusted most in the world. From what I was told, you were each other’s first partners, and you were on fantastic terms. If you treat her kindly now, it should turn her frown upside down...probably.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, we were that close? Me and <em>her?</em>”</p>

      <p>Now that, I didn’t see coming. My past self had picked a nuclear bomb on legs like her as his first partner? What had I been on?</p>

      <p>“Yep, you sure were. And because <em>you</em> got on famously, you don’t wanna know what <em>I’ve</em> been having to go through.” She heaved a sigh of exhaustion. It didn’t look like she was lying.</p>

      <p>“Day by day, Dia’s eyes become hollower and hollower. It’s gotten pretty bad. I’m a bona fide hero for stopping her after she started running wild. The Alliance oughta write me a thousand thank-you letters. Do you <em>know</em> how much Alliance territory she would’ve deleted if I hadn’t been there to contain her?”</p>

      <p>“Are things really that crazy?”</p>

      <p>“Then again, if she helps us destroy the bangle, she’ll do the work of a hundred. After all, however she may come across, she’s actually a holy magic specialist.”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. All right, I’ll try talking to her.”</p>

      <p>I accepted Lastiara’s condition. If it was as she said, Dia would undoubtedly be useful in destroying the bangle.</p>

      <p>“Okay, good. Right, so, Dia’s sulking in the next room over. Best of luck!”</p>

      <p>She pointed to where Sera Radiant was standing. Dia must have been on the other side of the door. I drew nearer.</p>

      <p>“Are you sure about this, milady?” Sera asked Lastiara. “Her Grace is currently a danger to others. This man might die the moment Lady Dia lays eyes on him. Not that I mind much if the knave does die.”</p>

      <p>That froze me in my tracks. To think I’d been heading over to her like it was no big deal.</p>

      <p>“It should be fine if it’s him. In fact, nobody besides him can do it. I feel like his immaculate timing has gotta be fate.”</p>

      <p>“Reality doesn’t go like the stories you’re so fond of, milady. Just because his timing is amenable doesn’t necessarily mean he will succeed.”</p>

      <p>“I know that. But I’m convinced it’ll be okay despite that...so please, Serry, open the way.”</p>

      <p>With an acquiescent expression, Sera got out of the way, and now I could see the door leading into Dia’s room. But my legs still wouldn’t cooperate; terrifying magic energy was leaking from the other side, filling me with the fear of death.</p>

      <p>Sera Radiant’s next words didn’t exactly help with that. “Siegfried Vizzita. If you do die, make sure to only die after you’ve returned Her Grace to her right mind.”</p>

      <p>Her abrasive attitude had me wondering how she knew my past self.</p>

      <p>“Did my past self do something to you?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, that’s right. And it humiliated me.”</p>

      <p>“Well, er, I’m sorry I did that.”</p>

      <p>If I just stood there, I’d probably never come to understand how I’d been connected to this semifer lady. I screwed up my resolve and approached the door. When I put my hand on the doorknob, I asked my last question.</p>

      <p>“Uh, sorry, does that mean this Dia kid’s <em>not</em> in her right mind?”</p>

      <p>“In the eyes of an ordinary person, she’d certainly appear that way,” said Lastiara. “But since I understand where she’s coming from, I can communicate with her. It might even be the case that you won’t be able to have a real conversation with her, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh? Then how can I possibly get on her good side?”</p>

      <p>“I think you’ll be okay, conversation or no conversation. I have faith in you.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara was placing way too much trust in me. She was sending me off to the danger room without a lick of worry. I was still a ball of anxiety, but I turned the knob and entered.</p>

      <p>It was a dark and cramped room. All the entrances and exits were blocked, and the light from the window was shut out by the curtains. On the bed in the corner of the dark room, a girl was sitting facing the wall, repeatedly hiccuping and sniffling. Clearly, she’d just got done crying a river. I knew that it was me who’d caused this—or rather, “Sieg.” I was reluctant, but I needed to take responsibility. For now, it was time to focus on helping the girl before my eyes.</p>

      <p>“Are you okay?”</p>

      <p>I was still scared, though. Her menu could scarcely be more unsettling. Her Condition was near unhinged, and that MAG stat was so high, she could blast away a whole neighborhood without breaking a sweat. Depending on the situation, there was even a possibility this very ship would get blown to kingdom come.</p>

      <p>Dia didn’t look my way; she just kept muttering, her voice nasal. “Yeah, I know. I know, Lastiara. I know. I know, I know IknowIknowIknow...”</p>

      <p>Nope, she was not well. I chose my words carefully.</p>

      <p>“C’mon, Dia, honey, calm down... I want you to calm down and listen to what I have to say.”</p>

      <p>“Dia...‘honey’? Who are you?” She looked my way and stiffened up. “Sieg?” she stammered.</p>

      <p>She stared at me with a befuddled look. I tried to get closer to her, but that proved hasty of me, because when she saw me approaching, her bloodshot eyes reeled wide open.</p>

      <p>“Ah, augh, ahhhhh! Am... Am I seeing things? Argh, dammit, another hallucination! Ha ha, I’m so useless! Look at me. I’m wasting no time dreaming up convenient hallucinations. Trying to run from reality. But that’s no good. It’s not. If I stay this <em>weak</em>, I’ll never be able to help Sieg. To take him back from that bastard. I know, Lastiara. I know what I’ve gotta do, okay?! I just need to get stronger, right? I’ll never be worthy as Sieg’s comrade unless I get way stronger! <em>Way</em> stronger! Stronger than anyone!”</p>

      <p>In tandem with her mad soliloquy, the sinister magic energy undulated. Detecting the surge accompanying the crafting of a powerful spell, I wrenched myself out of the way.</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Arrow!</em>”</p>

      <p>From her mouth, a spell was spun, and the dark room flashed pure white. Where I had been just a moment before, a blistering beam of light raced. It was a laser packing a brutal amount of heat. That was no metaphor—it was a literal laser. I saw the edge of my clothes was singed, leaving me in a cold sweat. The spell’s piercing power was through the roof. Since this was the uppermost level of the ship, the laser blasted harmlessly into the sky. Now I knew why they’d reserved the whole floor for themselves. It was so that no innocents got hurt by Dia’s magic.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” said Dia, staring blankly. “You dodged that?”</p>

      <p>“Dia, calm down... I swear I only came to talk.”</p>

      <p>I was trying to be patient, to be kind. But the closer I came, the more her expression warped.</p>

      <p>“But... But why? Urgh, augh, wahhhhh! Don’t you dare come talk to me with that face, and that voice, you stupid illusion! Quiet, quiet, quiet, QUIET!”</p>

      <p>Just like a moment ago, the room became suffused with ominous magic energy. And this time, the surge portended a spell that was even stronger than before. At this rate, the ship would sink. I sped up the gears in my mind, trying to come up with some way to stop her.</p>

      <p>“Sieg would never call me ‘honey’! You’re an impostor!”</p>

      <p>I thought back upon all she’d said. I realized that she was angry because...</p>

      <p>“You’re right! I <em>am</em> an impostor! In your eyes, I am one! But that doesn’t mean it’s okay to attack me! I’m on your side!”</p>

      <p>“On...my side?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. We’re comrades. I wanna help you bring back your ‘Sieg.’ In fact, I made that promise to Lastiara just now. Please believe me.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t try and confuse me! Don’t say Sieg-like shit with that face!”</p>

      <p>“While I may <em>look</em> like Sieg, I’m not Sieg. But I’m not your enemy either. If I was, I wouldn’t be standing in front of you like this.”</p>

      <p>As much as possible, I tried to talk to her from where she currently was, mentally. I had a solid guess as to what was missing in her life. I, of all people, should understand how she felt. I was sure that, just like me, the person who was so important to her was someplace far, far away.</p>

      <p>I walked closer as I spoke, extending a hand toward her. “It’s okay. The person who’s so dear to your heart will come back soon. I’ll help you get him back.”</p>

      <p>“Wagh,” she sobbed, hanging her head. “He... He’s not coming back... He won’t come back for us... Even though we’ve been at it for so long, he just refuses to come back.”</p>

      <p>I grabbed her by the arm. “I promise you I’ll bring Sieg back... So please, calm down.”</p>

      <p>“L-Let go! Let go of me! Don’t touch meeee!!!”</p>

      <p>Dia tried to shake off my hand. But it was a feeble attempt. Her low STR stat was part of the reason, but it was probably also because she wasn’t actually in tiptop shape. I kept holding her arm, stroking her head with the other hand.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay. Calm down.”</p>

      <p>I figured that what she needed was a sense of security. And that was because a sense of security was what I desired most of all. We’d both lost someone dear to us. We were in the same boat.</p>

      <p>Maybe having someone in Sieg’s skin stroke her on the head made her feel more relaxed, because the tears started flowing.</p>

      <p>“Waaaaaaaah...” She leaned her head on my chest, sobbing and hiccuping. “Sieg... I’m really, really doing my best to hang in there,” she said, using the more feminine first-person pronoun now, “but Lastiara keeps picking on me. I’m just trying to punish the bad guys, but she’s always saying I can’t do this or I can’t do that... I dunno know what I should even do anymore... I just don’t know...”</p>

      <p>She kept crying, and I had no words. I, Aikawa Kanami, had no words. I couldn’t do anything but listen as she whimpered and whined.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>“I’m... I’m okay now, Sieg. Sorry, I mean Kanami.”</p>

      <p>After listening to Dia for about an hour, I was finally free. Perhaps it had all been worth it, because she’d regained her composure, albeit only a little. Not only had I fulfilled Lastiara’s request, I’d also somehow managed to get her to understand that I was a different person named Kanami who had lost “Sieg’s” memories.</p>

      <p>I brought Dia back to the other room.</p>

      <p>“Nice!” said Lastiara. “Now then, let’s talk about breaking that bangle, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Uh, yeah, let’s do that, but...can we leave her like that?”</p>

      <p>Dia was under the covers of a bed in a corner of the room, staring in our direction. It looked as though she was majorly embarrassed by her behavior earlier. That she’d calmed down was a good thing, but did she have to be so far away? When I turned to look, she hurriedly hid her face behind the blanket. She was like some timid woodland creature. Like a cat or a squirrel or something.</p>

      <p>“As long as she’s listening calmly, anything’s fine. In fact, now that she’s acting all <em>girly</em>, I’m feasting. This is top content!”</p>

      <p>“Oh. Okay, then...”</p>

      <p>Lastiara was looking at her with an obscene expression. I wouldn’t be surprised if she started drooling. Sensing me looking at her, she reverted to a serious expression.</p>

      <p>“Ahem. Just leave the bangle to me and Dia. We plan to beat the daylights outta you and then take our time removing the thing.”</p>

      <p>“Remove it? Don’t be so half-hearted. You can outright smash it. No need to hold back.”</p>

      <p>“Hm, I dunno... It’s not that we’re holding back. We’re just scared to destroy it. We don’t know what booby traps are in it, see. I mean, this is Palinchron we’re talking about.”</p>

      <p>“You mean a suicide formula or something like that? I remember you mentioning that. But if we worry about that, it ties our hands, doesn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“We’re okay on that front. I’ve got knowledge of all magic in the Alliance packed inside me, and Dia’s the world’s strongest user of holy magic. If we join forces, we can dismantle any magic formula there is, given enough time. And if there’s a safe way to do it, then I wanna choose that way, even if it takes some time. After all, in the event we fail, Dia’s gonna lose it!”</p>

      <p>Lastiara was considering the worst-case scenario. She was probably thinking there was a chance the bangle would even explode. That was why she insisted on removing it instead of destroying it.</p>

      <p>“Got it. Let’s get it removed, then. Can I ask you to get on the case right away?”</p>

      <p>Her expression was less than ideal. She hesitated to respond. “Ah, er...so, yeah, starting right away isn’t gonna be possible.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“I mean, if we start right now, we’ll get interrupted for sure.”</p>

      <p>“Interrupted? By who? There’s nobody around, is there?”</p>

      <p>“Snow’s around. She’s probably listening in on us as we speak.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Who, Snow?” I said, taken aback.</p>

      <p>“Using her abilities, she’s able to eavesdrop on all of Valhuura. It’s just a guess, but I’ll bet she’s actively chasing you through the sounds you make.”</p>

      <p>“Chasing me? Snow’s magic can do that?”</p>

      <p>“She’s reached the peak of elementless vibration magic. If it has to do with sound, there are no limits. We’re unlucky that this fleet’s got nothing but high-class ships. There are so many magic gems she can use as intermediaries that her unique magic can permeate anywhere. I think she’ll be able to hear you no matter where you go.”</p>

      <p>“That... That’s true, now that you mention it.”</p>

      <p>The only magic Snow had told me about was her ability to convey vibrations from one magic gem to the next, but given how lazy she was, the chances were high that she’d hadn’t divulged her full bag of tricks.</p>

      <p>“If we were to start trying to remove your bangle here and now, I’m sure she’d come barging in. The way she is now, she’s codependent on you, so I think she might even go further and put us in early graves. Like, seriously, though.”</p>

      <p>At some point, Lastiara had come to grasp Snow’s current state. And she was taking it even more seriously than I was. She was even of the opinion that Snow might stoop to murder.</p>

      <p>“But if it’s just Snow we’re fighting, we can hold her off together—”</p>

      <p>“It’s not just her, though. That’s the problem. If I attack the guildmaster of Epic Seeker, we naturally make enemies of every guild member. Snow’s got the authority to issue orders against us, and I don’t think she’ll hesitate to do so if I give her a pretext. And that’s not all. The fact that you’re under Laoravia’s patronage isn’t great either. To be frank, we could be impeded any number of ways. Because if Snow picks up on us fighting, she’s got the ability to notify everybody.”</p>

      <p>I was once again struck by how much of a thorn in our side Snow’s powers were. It felt like I was dealing with a different version of <em>Dimension</em>. In order to get my bangle destroyed, it would be necessary for them to incapacitate me. However, any third party would take that as an attack on my person. Forget the members of my guild—even national security officers and well-intentioned third parties might step in to try to protect me. If I got unlucky, I might even end up having to fight Lorwen, who was also against the notion of destroying the bangle. If Snow called for him, he’d come running faster than anyone else. There was no way Lastiara and Dia would be able to focus on the bangle when they had to contend with so many capable foes. Besides, I might even join those foes in fighting them due to the bangle’s curse.</p>

      <p>“Then why don’t we leave Valhuura and flee someplace Snow’s abilities can’t reach us?”</p>

      <p>“If we did that, she’d probably go into no-mercy mode. I think she’d unhesitatingly use the faculties of the House of Walker and request help from the other three big houses too. Depending on the situation, Laoravia and Whoseyards might act as well. We’ve got plenty of reasons for those governments to want a piece of us.”</p>

      <p>“Would Snow... Would she really go that far?”</p>

      <p>“Have you seen her? She absolutely would. That’s why I’m saying we make use of the Brawl. Like I said before, during a match, nobody will intervene. If the Brawl progresses smoothly, my team will battle Snow’s in Round 4, and we’ll fight you in the semifinals. If things go well, everything will be resolved there.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara laid out her Brawl info documents and pointed at the bracket diagram. She was right; if we both won every match, that was how it would progress.</p>

      <p>“Plus, I daresay the other side is thinking the same thing. Right, Snow?” she said, facing no one.</p>

      <p>I also asked the air. “S-Snow...are you listening?”</p>

      <p>After a moment’s silence, one of the pieces of magic-gem-laden furniture started vibrating, producing human speech like so many vocal cords.</p>

      <p>“Yep. I heard everything, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>There was no mistaking that voice. It was Snow’s.</p>

      <p>“Snow...” I said, a bitter look on my face.</p>

      <p>I didn’t want to believe it. This was the girl who’d been my partner all this time.</p>

      <p>“Living god of the Church of Levahn,” she continued, ignoring me. “I’m going to surpass you.”</p>

      <p>A declaration of war. Her voice was as cold as her namesake.</p>

      <p>“Bring it on, Snow.”</p>

      <p>“I want to marry Kanami... I don’t care if that world’s a lie or laid out for us by outside forces. I just want a happiness that lasts this time... That’s my sole wish.”</p>

      <p>“I know... You want Kanami to yourself, right?”</p>

      <p>“Please make that our bet. If I win the match, Kanami and I get your blessing to marry.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara looked annoyed, but she replied breezily. “I had a feeling that’s where you were taking this... Sure, if we lose, we’ll keep quiet. <em>If</em> we lose. But if <em>we</em> win, we get your blessing to start a new life.”</p>

      <p>Naturally, Dia also got up off her futon to give her a piece of her mind, but before she could, I shouted, “Stop it, Snow! My will is my own! Do you really think I’ll marry you just because you beat Lastiara’s team?! How’s that make any sense?!”</p>

      <p>A pause. “There was a time I thought my will was my own. But reality begged to differ. A single person’s will is so easily crushed. It always gets crushed, Kanami. And no matter how much you struggle, you and I are getting married. The state will take away your ‘right to choose’ without blinking. And your position won’t let you ever say no. I know that for a fact because it was Palinchron who painted this picture. I’m sure that once the Brawl’s over, you’ll have nowhere to run. In the end, you and I won’t get a say. We’ll be <em>made</em> happy...whether you like it or not.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know what to say. That rationale was just so high-handed and pushy. It was full of holes. But Snow clearly believed that if she beat Lastiara, she could find happiness with me.</p>

      <p>“Let’s meet in the semifinals, Kanami. And don’t run. I’m always listening.”</p>

      <p>And with that, the conversation ended. My words couldn’t reach her anymore. Her ears could hear what I said, but her heart wouldn’t listen. That was the feeling I got.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>