<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Thank you for picking up <em>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! </em>volume 7. I am the author, Firehead. I seem to remember saying that this series would end with volume 6 or 7 before, but it’s not over yet.</p>

      <p>Now then, Dina was pretty much the main character this time around. How did you all feel about that? Up until now, she’s been completely treated as a no-presence background character who’s full-blown suspicious, but now, the lid’s been blown wide open, and she’s turned out to be Lufas’s greatest supporter and quite the hard worker.</p>

      <p>Honestly, Dina is the one who works the hardest not only among the Twelve Stars but among all the characters who appear throughout the story. It wouldn’t be going too far to say that the entire story of <em>A Wild Last Boss Appeared!</em> has been the story of Dina trying to awaken Lufas in her full and complete state. Of course, it would’ve been possible to immediately awaken Lufas, but then she would’ve been forced to reckon with the ouroboroses and the Goddess while lacking proper military strength. So, Dina was forced to deceive the Goddess while gathering up the disparate pieces.</p>

      <p>First, let’s count up everything Dina has accomplished.</p>

      <ul>
        <li>She joined the Seven Heroes on the eve of Lufas’s downfall and participated in the sealing of Lufas. When this happened, she managed to seal Lufas using Exgate. The reason this worked when going through an Exgate, which would normally require express permission and trust, was because Dina had been collaborating with Lufas the entire time.</li>

        <li>She taught Lufas how to make an avatar in total secrecy.</li>

        <li>She pretended to be a spy for the Goddess, thus gaining the ability to use Sol as a cover to infiltrate the devilfolk. She named herself Venus and with that cover identity, she controlled the devilfolk from the shadows in order to prevent humanity from being destroyed before Lufas’s revival. Sol thought he was using Dina as cover, but that actually went both ways.</li>

        <li>She contacted the Devil King, and they formed a secret alliance to take down the Goddess.</li>

        <li>She frequently traveled to Japan and managed to create a company there. With the company, she created <em>Exgate Online</em> and used the game to pass information to Lufas’s avatar, which meant that the cause of the release of such a shit game was entirely her fault and not the Goddess’s. However, because of the time needed to feed the avatar information, a blind spot was created, and Dina completely overlooked the issue of Parthenos’s age.</li>

        <li>She pretended to be on board with the Goddess’s Scenario and used her plan to copy Lufas’s avatar’s personality and memories back onto Lufas herself.</li>

        <li>Then, she returned Lufas’s real body. The Goddess thought she’d overwritten Lufas with an easy-to-manipulate personality, but it was actually Lufas herself who was acting like someone else. (Though the person themself had no idea they were acting.)</li>

        <li>After that, Dina pretended to be Lufas’s advisor and made sure to stick out her tail just enough that Lufas could not ignore it and had to doubt her. In doing so, Lufas slowly but surely started to doubt the Goddess as well, which brought her closer and closer to the original Lufas.</li>

        <li>She indirectly manipulated Lufas’s actions and had Lufas collect the Twelve Stars.</li>

        <li>She acted flashily among the devilfolk, causing her to be kicked out by Terra, thus allowing her to escape Sol’s notice and gain freedom in a natural way.</li>

        <li>She used Pollux to leave Lufas’s side. With that, it looked to the Goddess like her spy got found out, causing her to run out of fear, so Dina was still considered on the Goddess’s side.</li>

        <li>By taking advantage of an opening made by the cornered Goddess concentrating on Mizgarz, Dina managed to get to Earth. Then, she led Lufas to her side, allowing her to tell Lufas the truth on Earth, away from the Goddess’s prying eyes.</li>
      </ul>

      <p>Well, this is about it.</p>

      <p>The fact that humanity had yet to be destroyed in these last two hundred years, that a member of the Twelve Stars always conveniently showed up wherever Lufas went, that the devilfolk carelessly let too many of their leaders die, that the Goddess had yet to seriously take action, and that my allergies are really hard to deal with, all of that was Dina’s fault. I’m in there too, though.</p>

      <p>Other than Dina, Aigokeros also finally managed to strut his stuff. Up until now, he’s wallowed in a sort of undefined role, but now it feels like he’s finally managed to show his true form as the evil lord of demons. As was revealed in the volume, Aigokeros gets really dangerous when he tries. He’s incredibly strong. As for how strong, he would be strong enough to defeat an unawakened Lufas.</p>

      <p>Now, you might be wondering what is up with the wicked god who fought on par with him, and I can only say that he’s another bugged character on par with Aigokeros. Lufas, Benetnasch, Aigokeros, and Thulhu can probably be considered the Four Heavenly Kings of Mizgarz’s broken characters.</p>

      <p>However, I can’t help but get the feeling that because of their little rampage, Eros and Aquarius stood out less, even though it was their debut. Well, it’s also true that the timing of their debut was a little bad. They joined just before the final battle, and they don’t offer too much extra might. If this were a game, they’d be immediately benched. Not to mention the fact that they were both the same element.</p>

      <p>As a word of support, the two of them aren’t weak. In pure might, Eros equals Libra, and Aquarius is great in the support role. If they’d appeared earlier, they would have had more than enough strength to run absolutely buck wild. However, Leon was more adept in the role of close combat, and as a support character, either Parthenos or an awakened Libra would be better... So since the two of them joined after the strongest characters for both long- and close-range combat had already come... How should I put it...? They’re a little pitiable.</p>

      <p>They may have that disappointing aspect that you see a lot in games, but at the very least, I can assure you that the two of them will have their chance to shine in the next volume.</p>

      <p>Now then, with this, Dina’s job is done. The only enemies left are Sol, the Devil King, the ouroboroses, and the Goddess. All of them are extremely strong enemies, so in the next volume, Mr. Inflation will have to work overtime. No breaks allowed.</p>

      <p>All right then, let’s meet again in the next volume.</p>

      <p>Stop! If you start a battle with all the remaining strong characters, Mr. Inflation will burn out and die! He’s already on the verge of it from all the overtime! Please, don’t die, Mr. Inflation! If you fall here, what will happen to your promise with Mr. Laws of Physics and Mr. Common Sense? You still have HP. If you can make it through here, you can win against this ridiculous series!</p>

      <p>Next time: <em>Mr. Inflation Dies</em>. Stand by for volume 8!</p>

      <p class="signature">-Firehead</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>