<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>6</h1>

      <p><em>A little before that.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The setting was a barren wasteland the likes of which humans didn’t approach. No, not just humans. Both monsters and devilfolk also never got near “his” territory. That was because they knew that if they got too close, it didn’t matter what excuses they strung together; they would be eaten without exception. All the unfortunate victims who hadn’t understood that and got too close had been turned to meatless corpses before eventually degrading in the winds as they were exposed to nature.</p>

      <p>The one man standing in the middle of this wasteland was the area’s master... He was called a walking catastrophe and was said to possess the highest combat potential among all the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars: the Lion King Leon. His eyes were closed as he thought back to his defeat a scant few days ago and asked himself, “What am I missing?”</p>

      <p><em>My level’s been maxed at 1000 for a long time now. No matter how many people I eat, it doesn’t even raise in the slightest. I’m unable to break past the wall set by the Goddess, but the wall is breakable. It definitely is. Lufas and Benetnasch proved that it’s possible; they’ve gone off before me. So what’s different? Just what is the difference between them and me? What am I missing?</em></p>

      <p>If it was talent...then Leon knew he was above those two for natural-born talent, enough that it wouldn’t even be a contest. Lufas and Benetnasch definitely qualified as geniuses, or maybe child prodigies, in Leon’s book, but that still couldn’t be compared to Leon, who was born at level 1000. They were clearly inferior.</p>

      <p><em>It’s the difference between someone who was born the strongest and those who weren’t. There’s no way I lose to them. There’s no way I’m lower than them. But the fact is that Lufas and Benetnasch got ahead of me; they’re above me right now.</em></p>

      <p><em>I hate that from the bottom of my heart. I won’t stand for it. Why? Why can’t I get past this wall? Why can’t I go past level 1000?</em></p>

      <p>The more Leon thought about it the less he felt he knew, leaving behind only an unreasonable, targetless anger. Leon flexed his log-like arms, making the veins in them pop up as he punched a nearby mountain in his irritation. His literally inhuman power crushed the rock, breaking down a sizable rock mountain to dust. But Leon wasn’t satisfied, because he was made to realize that he was lacking.</p>

      <p><em>No, not like this. I can’t become “someone who’s forged ahead” with just this. They can destroy planets. I can’t do that. Benetnasch can easily rip her way through this world and reach the other side. I can’t do that. Lufas can turn entire planets to ash with a single magic spell. I can’t do that.</em></p>

      <p>Even though Leon shouldn’t have been lagging behind them in power, there was a gap in the destruction they were capable of. There was a wall, a wall separating those who had surpassed the limits and those who hadn’t. It was a wall of a mere single level, separating those between levels 1000 and 1001. As long as Leon couldn’t surpass that wall, he would forever be bound by the damage limits set by the world. No matter how far he stretched his stats, he would never be able to reach that peak.</p>

      <p>Not only that, but there was a certain cheating crab who could ignore that limit even though he was only level 800. For some reason, Leon was reminded of his existence as the thought passed straight into his brain.</p>

      <p>“DAAAAAMMNN IIIIITTT! IS THIS ALL I AMOUNT TO?! IS THIS MY LIMIIIIIITTT?!”</p>

      <p>“Looks like you’re having a hard time.”</p>

      <p>Leon suddenly heard a voice from behind him. Surprised, he responded instinctively, turning around and punching. That simple punch carried with it a destructive blast of wind pressure which radiated out behind Leon, shaving away at the land.</p>

      <p>If someone stepped into his territory, there would be no hesitation. They were all nothing but trash that needed to be cleaned up. However, even after taking that attack, the invader didn’t even waver. He simply stood there with a cool expression and his arms crossed.</p>

      <p>After a moment’s pause, Leon said, “Who’re you?”</p>

      <p>When Leon turned around, he saw a man with long, white hair. His skin was blue, and his eyes were golden with vertically slit pupils. Leon could tell at a glance that he was devilfolk, but at the same time, he felt something was off. <em>What is up with this guy? For a devilfolk, he seems really odd. </em>He could feel something holy in the man, and it made Leon feel extremely unpleasant. He was also annoyed that his attack just now couldn’t move the man, and the fact that he’d managed to get so close without Leon noticing set off alarms in his head.</p>

      <p>“It is good to meet you, Lion King. My name is Sol... Sol the Sun seat of the devilfolk’s Seven Luminaries. Of course, I don’t really like the moniker of ‘Sun.’ It’s not beautiful. First off, I don’t appreciate that it overlaps with Mars’s Fire, so please refer to me as...heaven... Yes, Sol of the Heavens!”</p>

      <p>“Seven Luminaries? What a letdown. They’re just a bunch of small fry.”</p>

      <p>“Now that’s harsh. But I can’t really deny it. A rabble of level 300s would certainly look like weaklings to you... They probably wouldn’t even be worth dealing with.”</p>

      <p>The white man—Sol—didn’t seem to be fazed by the insult as he continued on with a thin smile. He seemed full of confidence, and Leon just didn’t think that was the way one of the Seven Luminaries would act against the Lion King. That weirdness had Leon hesitating where he would normally immediately assault the man. Something inside him was sounding the alarm, saying that Sol was somehow dangerous.</p>

      <p>“But I hope you can forgive their weakness. They weren’t born weak because they wanted to. They were made to be weaker so as not to wipe out humanity. They’re a pretty sad people. Don’t you think that as someone strong you should magnanimously accept the weak?”</p>

      <p>“You talk as if you’re different.”</p>

      <p>“I am. I truly am.” Sol laughed daringly—and then he disappeared.</p>

      <p>At that moment, Leon felt a kick to his gut, one powerful enough to easily go through the armor that was his abs. Leon could feel the contents of his stomach coming back up. With just one kick he was blown into the air and through several rocky mountains, traveling several kilometers in an instant. As Leon got up, Sol was suddenly there with his arms crossed, landing with composure.</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s me. What do you think of my kick? I hope you’re satisfied with it.”</p>

      <p>Leon reached his already low boiling point in an instant. “You fucker!” He closed in on the man in a mere moment, and threw out a punch.</p>

      <p>Sol blocked Leon’s punch with a single arm, but he wasn’t able to take the full force of it and was sent backwards. While he didn’t fall, the man did slide, his feet gouging two furrows into the ground as he did so.</p>

      <p>But as Sol looked at his numb arm, his smile only deepened. “That was a good one. It’s been a while since I’ve felt an attack like that.”</p>

      <p>“Keep talking, trash!”</p>

      <p>Leon once again leapt forth, closing the gap between them, but this time Sol leapt as well. Their punches clashed, and so did their knees. The shock waves from their clash spread out in a circle around them, whipping up a fierce windstorm with them at the center. After some time spent pushing at each other, Sol lost the contest of strength and was pushed back, but that didn’t seem to concern him at all.</p>

      <p><em>Th-This damn...! </em>thought Leon.</p>

      <p>“So you’re a little above me in pure power. Then what about speed?”</p>

      <p>Sol sent out a flurry of punches and kicks. In order to defend himself, Leon did the same, whipping up a storm-like flurry of blows. The attacks crossed the space between them like rain. Punches, kicks, pokes, parries, redirects, blocks, and dodges were all thrown out in this hand-to-hand battle that was so far proving even. But they only stayed that way for a couple seconds. The balance quickly crumbled, and Sol was forced to retreat. He was being overwhelmed by the Lion King’s fierce attacks, which made full use of his crushing power and speed.</p>

      <p>“As expected. You’re faster as well.”</p>

      <p>“And you weren’t as strong as you talked yourself up to be!”</p>

      <p>“I wonder?”</p>

      <p>Leon was a step above in both power and speed, but Sol took advantage of a small opening in their exchange, and a straight punch to Leon’s jaw sent him flying. Sol overtook Leon as he soared through the air, dropping an axe kick in midair! Leon was forced into the ground, creating a crater. Sol once again chased after him, rapidly descending.</p>

      <p>He threw out a knife-hand strike at Leon, who was just standing up. However, Leon seemed to disappear for a moment, and the attack hit nothing but air. Sol calmly shifted his head to the side, and an instant later, Leon’s punch sailed through where his head had been, grazing Sol’s cheek.</p>

      <p>Leon had made use of his speed to round to Sol’s back and attack, but he’d read that like a book and avoided it. The wind from Leon’s punch gouged out the earth as it continued on, making the ground seem like soft sand that had had a line drawn through it by a shovel. Of course, the ground was nowhere near that soft, which went to show just how insanely powerful Leon’s punches were.</p>

      <p>But power only mattered if the attacks connected. Without turning around, Sol grabbed Leon’s arm and threw the man over his shoulder. Having sent Leon into the air, where there was no purchase, Sol reacted quickly and held out his hand while gathering mana in the palm.</p>

      <p>“Raahhh!”</p>

      <p>He was preparing the Sun element spell “Photon Buster.” The name of the spell said it all; the spell was simply a cannon that fired the pure light of mana. The spell’s beam was wide enough to swallow Leon’s entire body, and while he was unable to dodge, the spell’s extreme light made contact with the Lion King and caused an explosion.</p>

      <p>But Sol didn’t stop there. He once again disappeared, moving at a speed so high people could mistake him for teleporting as he caught up to the falling Lion King and grabbed him by the hair. Then Sol put a knee into his face! Leon swiped at Sol with his claws in return, but Sol dodged it and once again grabbed Leon’s arm, turning the dodge into a throw.</p>

      <p>The throw put Leon halfway inside a nearby boulder while Sol once again held out his arm.</p>

      <p>“Photon Rain!”</p>

      <p>Bullets of light came out of Sol’s palm like a heavy rain. They all hit Leon mercilessly, exploding as they made contact and shaving away at the Lion King’s HP.</p>

      <p>There was no compromise, no holding back. Sol knew that vitality was Leon’s strong point, so in order to actually finish the man off, Sol needed to throw out magic like rain. But the amount of magic he was putting out was still strange. Even if the spell he used was perfect for rapid fire, it was like he was made out of infinite magic power with the amount he was firing it. Sol continued to fire as if he knew he’d never run out, pushing Leon further and further to the edge.</p>

      <p>“This is the end. Take it!”</p>

      <p>Sol touched his wrists together and held them out. The simple act of gathering power before unleashing the spell already shook the air around him, making the small rocks and pebbles that were loose in the area float as if there was no gravity. By putting out so much energy, Sol had given himself sufficient gravitational pull to effectively cancel out the planet’s gravity in this localized area. Sparks and lightning flew from Sol’s body as more and more mana pooled into his hands.</p>

      <p>“Disintegrate!”</p>

      <p>He cast the Sun element spell “Photon Smasher.” It was a higher-tier version of Photon Shooter, and while its area of effect was much smaller, it boasted much higher damage than Lufas’s favorite spell, Solar Flare. Of course, this was only considering the spell’s inherent effects and ignoring the caster’s abilities. Things would be much different if compared to a Solar Flare fired by Lufas, but that wasn’t relevant at the moment. More importantly, that didn’t change the fact that the spell had abnormal destructive power.</p>

      <p>The unleashed torrent of light burst through Mizgarz’s atmosphere beautifully, setting off on a journey away from its mother planet. With fights of this level, it was a common sight, but the fact that multiple monsters like this even existed in this world was absurd. There was a huge line carved into Mizgarz, and Sol watched the smoke rise as he crossed his arms.</p>

      <p><em>It...doesn’t look like Leon is coming out.</em></p>

      <p>Sol waited silently before eventually wondering aloud, “Is he dead? That was a lot simpler than I was expecting. Or maybe he just didn’t live up to the rumors?”</p>

      <p>Even after all the smoke dissipated, Leon was nowhere to be found. <em>So he either was completely incinerated in that blast, or he got sent flying somewhere... Or maybe he just turned tail and ran? But it doesn’t matter which one it is. Either way, it ends with him not being as impressive as I expected.</em></p>

      <p>Sol sighed. “What a letdown. I thought I’d finally get to have a good fight, but... Leon the Lion King? What an overblown name. With how strong he was, it looks like I won’t be able to expect much from the other Twelve Heavenly Stars either,” Sol muttered to himself, seeming somewhat bored.</p>

      <p>Then, he flew away without looking back.</p>

      <p><em>With that, I now know the difference in power. There’s no point in wasting any more time. He might be alive, but that doesn’t matter. Either way, he’s not a threat. It’s just unfortunate that if that’s all the “strongest” amounts to, it doesn’t seem like the other Twelve Heavenly Stars will be worth much either.</em></p>

      <p><em>As I thought. About the only opponents I’ll be able to have fun with will be Lufas Maphaahl and Benetnasch. Maybe I should just head straight for them?</em></p>

      <p>He contemplated this quietly for a long while before seeming to speak up out of nowhere, “Yeah, yeah. I know. Don’t worry. I should finish my job first, right? It’s honestly boring, but I’ll take care of that first. The main dish can come later,” Sol spoke.</p>

      <p>It looked like he was talking to someone, but there was no one to be found, so it also looked like he was talking to himself.</p>

      <p>“The Ouroboros of Fire is... He’s always been a light sleeper. I can probably just leave him alone. For now, if I just relay your orders to the Wood and then Earth ouroboroses, you’ll be able to activate them all at once. Still, Lufas Maphaahl... Heh heh, what a character. She finally forced the Goddess to commit the ouroboroses.”</p>

      <p>Sol flew, making a beeline towards his destination. He was flying towards Alfheim, the place where the Wood ouroboros slept.</p>

      <p>“The most troublesome one has to be the Moon ouroboros... I have no idea what he’s thinking, but it doesn’t seem to align with the Goddess’s will. Even I’d have a hard time ending him. Well, that would be fun too though.”</p>

      <p>The last of the Seven Luminaries smiled fearlessly as he finally arrived at his destination: Alfheim.</p>

      <p><em>Looks like there’s a barrier to ward off intruders... Who cares though? </em>Sol busted straight through the barrier by simply flying headlong into it. Of course, the barrier pushed back, but that didn’t mean anything. Sol flew through the barrier like it was tissue paper and landed in front of Pollux and her group.</p>

      <p>The actual members present were a little surprising, but that didn’t change what Sol had to do, and it didn’t make him any less sure of his victory. After all, there was a large gap between him and them that was almost impossible to fill.</p>

      <h1>7</h1>

      <p>The Seven Luminaries were a group formed of the devilfolk’s elite in order to take over and oppress humanity—at least, that was the outward reason for this gathering of weaklings. Sure, humanity considered the Seven Luminaries strong; entire knight brigades couldn’t stand up to one. However, they were still a far, far cry from true monstrous strength. Even if Mars, Mercurius, Jupiter, and Saturnus had been here along with Luna, all five of them combined wouldn’t even have been able to match Castor by himself.</p>

      <p>That was exactly why, even if one of the Seven Luminaries showed up now, they wouldn’t pose any threat. Their time on the stage had long since passed, and they were now no more than bit parts... At least, that was how it should have been.</p>

      <p>But Castor reflexively reached for his weapon and took up a stance, and he wasn’t the only one. Terra, Pollux, and the heroic spirits behind her all took up fighting stances and made their wariness known.</p>

      <p>Facing them, the white man—Sol—grinned sharply.</p>

      <p>“Let’s start with introductions, shall we? I am Sol of Heaven, one of the Seven Luminaries. I preside over the Sun element. It is an honor to meet you, my cousins,” Sol said in his low and refined voice, referring to the twins, Pollux and Castor.</p>

      <p>Of course, the two of them had no idea what he was talking about. As avatars of an ouroboros, they had never had any relatives in the first place, much less among the devilfolk. Somewhere in their hearts, they felt that he was correct, though, and they could only wonder why. Somehow, they could feel something from him that was also inside them.</p>

      <p>“And you too, Terra. You also qualify to be my cousin. You are a very similar existence to ours.”</p>

      <p>“I have no idea what you’re on about...” Terra said, trailing off. “What did you come here for, Sol?”</p>

      <p>To Terra, Sol was just one of his subordinates, and someone who wasn’t trustworthy at the moment. After all, he was the one who had brought the traitor Venus along in the first place, so Terra considered him to be a puppet of Venus—or Dina. He had most likely either been subjected to memory manipulation or thought control, at least by Terra’s reckoning.</p>

      <p>However, Terra was now slowly starting to think that his assumption was incredibly wrong. The reason for that was that the current Sol had an absolutely undeniable presence and eeriness about him that hadn’t existed back when Sol had been working as his subordinate.</p>

      <p>“What if I said I was here to slap the ouroboros awake?”</p>

      <p>“Wha—?!”</p>

      <p>“Well, taking advantage of that, I have something else to confess. I’m on the Goddess’s side, rather than the Devil King’s. I do feel sorry that I deceived you, but that was the job. Please don’t hold it against me.”</p>

      <p>Sol easily revealed his goals with a carefree and relaxed smile. It was a show of his absolute confidence in their inability to stop him, even if they knew. At that moment, Terra finally truly realized that he had completely misjudged this man who had worked under him.</p>

      <p>“I could just go do that right now, but then probably none of you would be able to keep up and realize what happened. Would you all like an explanation of what I’m about to do?”</p>

      <p>There was only a pensive silence. Then Terra said, “How kind of you.”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh. I’m a kind person, though I might not look it. And I’ll take that as a yes.”</p>

      <p>After that shamelessly bold line, Sol looked over everyone else there. There were only five people in their group at a high level: Castor, Terra, and the three heaven-winged heroic spirits. So, everyone other than Pollux and Virgo. But knowing that didn’t seem to shake Sol’s confidence one bit.</p>

      <p>“Ah, of course... I don’t mind if you try to sneak in a preemptive attack while I’m talking. You might even catch me off guard,” Sol said, his gaze squarely on Apse, who was standing in the back.</p>

      <p>Apse held on to a knife, hiding it behind him, but that was easily seen through. As soon as Apse realized that, he stopped in his tracks.</p>

      <p>“Oh, you’re not coming? Maybe you’re a bit nervous in the service?”</p>

      <p>“Stop stalling,” said Terra. “You said you were going to talk, right?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, right. Sorry about that,” said Sol, having been urged along. “Okay, let’s see... Why not start from the beginning...?”</p>

      <p>Sol crossed his arms and closed his eyes as he tried to recall details of the past. He seemed full of openings like that, but no one tried to take advantage of them because they knew that he was making himself seem that way to bait them.</p>

      <p>Eventually, Sol opened his eyes once more and started to speak. “The devilfolk’s Seven Luminaries... There’s Luna the Moon seat, Mars the Fire seat, Mercurius the Water seat, Jupiter the Wood seat, Venus the Metal seat, Saturnus the Earth seat, and me...Sol of Heaven. As you probably already suspect, two of that number, however... Venus and I are not normal devilfolk. Venus isn’t even a devilfolk; she’s a half-elf. Ah, I’ll mention this now: Saturnus is an actual devilfolk and has nothing to do with us, so don’t cast suspicions on her. Also, there’s really no point in hiding this, so I’ll tell you all straight up: I am an avatar of the Ouroboros of Heaven. The technical title is ‘Sun,’ but that kind of overlaps with ‘Fire,’ so please take care to say Heaven instead.”</p>

      <p>Terra was silent for a moment, then muttered, “What?”</p>

      <p>Everyone there swallowed their breaths in response to Sol’s easy admission of his own identity.</p>

      <p>There were five divine monsters that represented the Goddess. They were all dragons, and out of the five, a piece of one of them was right in front of Pollux and her group. There was no way they wouldn’t be surprised. At the same time, they understood what he meant when he’d referred to some of them as “cousins” before. He was the same as Pollux and Castor. He was an avatar split off from an ouroboros, and he had gained an independent ego. The only thing that was different was that his goals still ran parallel to those of his original parent dragon.</p>

      <p>“As avatars who have awakened our own personalities, I suppose it would be more accurate to call us their children. In that sense, you are also the same as us, Terra.”</p>

      <p>Terra considered this quietly for a moment. “So I’ve been deceived all this time, huh? Such incompetence. It makes me hate myself.”</p>

      <p>“No need to self-deprecate like that. In fact, I’d say you’ve done really well to even be able to suspect Venus and me while still under her thought manipulation. Also, while my creator may be different, I’m still undoubtedly a devilfolk. It would have been almost impossible to see through to my real identity.” Sol spoke quietly as he threw a glance at Luna.</p>

      <p>Luna responded with a wary glare, but of course that didn’t affect Sol at all.</p>

      <p>After another contemplative pause, Terra asked, “Does my father know about this?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, well, who could say? He’s a crafty old man. He might have known who I was this whole time and just let me do as I pleased anyway.”</p>

      <p>“And your goal in infiltrating the Seven Luminaries?”</p>

      <p>“Venus wanted to control the devilfolk from the inside. I came to keep an eye on the Devil King. You see...the Seven Luminaries were actually made as a cover for the two of us. You’re the one who set it all up, but we made you do that.”</p>

      <p>Terra’s expression grew more grim and stern as he thought back to when he had created the Seven Luminaries. <em>Back then... Yeah, back then I really was out of it somehow. I feel like I was drunk all the time or something. Now that I think about it, I was probably already in Venus’s clutches by then. I never even thought to doubt the girl that Sol brought out of nowhere, and she looked nothing like a devilfolk.</em></p>

      <p>There was nothing scarier than being manipulated with no knowledge of it. Back then, there had also been an almost-insurmountable gap in standing between Terra and Luna, who had just been an underling. No matter how much Terra had wanted Luna to be beside him, or how much Luna had wanted to do the same, the difference in their statuses wouldn’t allow it. But at that point, pretty much all the elites of the devilfolk had been killed by Lufas, so Luna had been granted a seat, which was a great stroke of luck.</p>

      <p>That was when they’d struck. They hadn’t done much. This situation had mostly been brought on by Terra’s horniness.</p>

      <p>“Just like that, Venus continued to control the devilfolk from the inside while I played the unremarkable man and blended in as a jester, just like the rest of the Seven Luminaries.”</p>

      <p>“Why did you need to keep watch over my father?” Terra asked.</p>

      <p>“That’s a good question. You see, Terra, your father decided to ignore the Goddess’s script.”</p>

      <p>That line had Terra raising his brows. He didn’t say anything, but it was clear he was slightly shaken.</p>

      <p>“Two hundred years ago...” Sol trailed off. “The story should have ended back then. The Seven Heroes should have defeated the devilfolk at the cost of their lives, and the devilfolk should have faded into obscurity with their defeat.”</p>

      <p>This time, Terra couldn’t keep quiet. “What?!” What Sol had said was entirely out of left field; there was no way for Terra to ever have expected this.</p>

      <p>Pollux’s face looked stern. It seemed his answer was out of line with her thinking as well. She was silent for a moment before asking, “Cornering humanity like this wasn’t in the Goddess’s scenario?”</p>

      <p>“Of course it was, but there was meant to be a short breather. Just like how it’s been repeated in the past, the evil Devil King should have left the stage along with all of his underlings, the devilfolk. But that didn’t happen. The Seven Heroes, who should have died, survived instead. The devilfolk also continued on. This silly farce of a play continued instead of ending.”</p>

      <p>After hearing the answer to her question, Pollux put her hand to her jaw and sunk into thought. <em>Orm... Just what is that man thinking? He’s never stretched out this farce more than needed... Just what did he stand to gain from extending this? What could that man possibly want to do enough to buy the Goddess’s ire? What is his goal?</em> Pollux considered the answer to her question.<em> I just can’t see any merits to be had from the Devil King going that far.</em></p>

      <p>“Of course, the Goddess did ask him first. ‘What are you doing?’ Right? And this was how he replied. ‘I didn’t have enough leeway to act and treat the Seven Heroes and the others as the script demanded. I ended up going all out.’ And I mean, they stormed his palace with unprecedented numbers of level 1000s, which is a level only the select few chosen by the Goddess can reach every thousand or ten thousand or so years. It made sense, but the Goddess felt a tinge of doubt, so she sent me to keep watch.”</p>

      <p>As he spoke, Sol uncrossed his arms. Seeing that, Terra and the others were quick to take up battle stances, but it seemed he still didn’t intend to attack just yet.</p>

      <p>“After that, he was obedient for a while. He let up just enough so as to not wipe out humanity, all while cornering them and scaring them as much as possible. But in the end, the Goddess’s misgivings were correct. The truth came out in the battle the other day. He revealed the script to Lufas Maphaahl in that fight.”</p>

      <p>“Just what is Orm thinking?” Pollux wondered aloud.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know either. What I do know is that he is in full rebellion towards the Goddess. With no pieces to move against Lufas Maphaahl, and with Orm in full rebellion—not to mention Lufas’s forces being ever-increasing thanks to Pollux and the other Twelve Heavenly Stars—the Goddess finally resolved to play her strongest pieces,” Sol said as he gathered his mana.</p>

      <p>The time for talk was over. That was probably what this signaled. Though he could have just attacked without making a show of it, he instead had clearly signaled that the fight was starting. Whether that was because he wanted a straight and honest fight or because he underestimated them was unclear. Either way, it didn’t change what was about to happen.</p>

      <p>Terra drew his sword while Castor and the others stepped forward.</p>

      <p>“Now then, do you understand now? If you do, I’d like to start, so...” Sol said, provocative. “If there’s anything else, you should speak now. I’ll even wait until you finish casting buffing heaven-arts.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t underestimate us!” The ones who took his bait were the heroic spirits in the back. They leapt, landing in front of Terra as all three of them readied their swords.</p>

      <p>“We are knights who have sworn loyalty to Lady Lufas! Pavo the Peacock!”</p>

      <p>“Apse the Bird of Paradise!”</p>

      <p>“And Korbous the Crow! There is no need for Sir Castor to even act! Let’s go, Formation A!”</p>

      <p>“No, let’s go with B here!” said Pavo.</p>

      <p>“We don’t have anything like that!” exclaimed Apse.</p>

      <p>“Then C!” said Korbus.</p>

      <p>“Okay!”</p>

      <p>The three heaven-winged took flight, fiercely attacking Sol.</p>

      <p>Sol defended against their strikes, laughing sarcastically as he also took to the air. The three spirits followed him, attacking him from different sides at the same time, but Sol just blocked using both hands and a leg. Not just that, but Sol also gathered mana around himself before releasing it, using the blast wave to send the three knights flying.</p>

      <p>Just like that, Sol immediately charged in. He landed a kick on Korbous, who had yet to recover, striking him in the jaw before seamlessly following up with an axe kick, sending the spirit crashing into the ground. When the other two slashed at him from behind, he quickly turned around and grabbed both of their blades with his fingertips.</p>

      <p>Pavo was stunned into silence.</p>

      <p>“Grk! You...” said Apse.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong? I’m not gripping all that hard, you know.”</p>

      <p>With just the strength of his fingertips, Sol threw the two knights, swords and all, before seeming to teleport to Apse and kick him downward. Like flowing water, he immediately comboed that into thrusting a palm at Pavo and unleashing explosive fire at him.</p>

      <p>The battle had only lasted a scant several seconds. Actually, leaving out all the conversation and counting only the exchange of blows, the fight didn’t even last a single second. To Virgo and Pollux, it literally was only an instant.</p>

      <p>While seeing the three heroic spirits sent into the ground in basically an instant, Terra felt nothing but dread. <em>This man... He’s not all talk. He’s really strong.</em></p>

      <p>“Now then, who’s next?”</p>

      <p>While purposefully ignoring Virgo, who was healing the three knights on the ground, Sol casually and loosely looked over at Terra and the others.</p>

      <p>The three knights were in no way weak. While they were simply regular level 1000s, unlike the stats of Lufas or the Seven Heroes, their levels themselves already placed them at the top of the pile in terms of strength. They were monstrously strong people who could single-handedly destroy entire civilizations. If they ever felt like it, they could turn Mizgarz into a wasteland planet uninhabitable by life in just a few days. And they were elites who could give Terra trouble. Dealing with three of them at once was no mean feat. At a rough estimate, the three of them were able to equal Lufas or Leon in their normal state at the very least.</p>

      <p>However, the group’s strongest member, Terra, wasn’t much different from a single one of the knights who had just lost, so engaging Sol with only two effective knights instead of three was just dangerous. In order for Terra to fight evenly here, he would either need some powerful buffs, or Sol would need some powerful debuffs. Unfortunately, there was no one in the group who could use such spells. Virgo’s would be insufficient.</p>

      <p>It would be possible for Pollux to kill him with sheer numbers thanks to Argonautai, but there was the possibility of the Goddess possessing her as soon as she took off the ring, so she couldn’t resort to that. If Pollux were to fall under the Goddess’s control now, it would be game over for all of them, so they could only fight with the heroic spirits she summoned while someone like Lufas, who could suppress her immediately even if she was to be possessed, was present... Luckily, she had already summoned the perfect spirit for this situation.</p>

      <p>“I’m next.”</p>

      <p>There was the sound of something heavy hitting the floor. At the same time, a young-looking girl’s voice rang out. However, her manner of speech was far too old for her voice, and when everyone turned around, they saw a small, green-haired girl. She had a log from the Wood ouroboros’s tree in her hands, and her mouth was curved in an upwards arc.</p>

      <p>Her form was eminently recognizable by Virgo. She could never forget it. It was the young form of her grandma, whom she loved and respected, as well as someone who was no longer there.</p>

      <p>Virgo was stunned into silence before finally managing to stutter, “G-Grandma?”</p>

      <p>She was one of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, the former Maiden, Parthenos.</p>

      <h1>8</h1>

      <p>“I’ll be joining the team searching for the reincarnation method, of course. If I’m not there, they’ll probably get nowhere, after all.” Pollux paused. “Also, there’s something I’m concerned about.” That was what Pollux had said back when the teams were split.</p>

      <p>Back then, Pollux didn’t dig into it too deeply, but she had something she wanted to check out as soon as possible. Depending on the result, it was something that could dismantle Lufas’s plan that had started two hundred years ago right from the foundations. So, they moved back to the fairies’ paradise of Alfheim. There, before Pollux started talking about avatars, she’d separated from the group just once.</p>

      <p>The heroic spirits that she had summoned in Lufas’s presence were Fenix, Hydras, the three knights, and “<em>her</em>,” who easily slipped into the revival. After reading the room, though, she quickly left and was now in Alfheim. As expected, once Pollux had separated herself from the group, she easily found the young girl’s form leaning against a tree. Her braided hair was green. She wore white robes, and she seemed young, no older than twelve. As soon as she noticed Pollux, she grinned widely.</p>

      <p>“It’s been a while, has it not, Pollux?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, it has...Parthenos.”</p>

      <p>She was Parthenos, the Maiden of the former generation. She, whose life had finally ended a year ago, was now manifested in her prime. While she looked young, she was, incredibly, over two hundred years old. Rather than just being an old woman, she was already basically a fossil. Because Argonautai summoned spirits at their prime, she’d come back in her form from over two hundred years ago when she had been a pillar of the Twelve Stars. Of course, if Pollux wanted to, she could have summoned Parthenos in her old form, but she probably hadn’t because she was also a woman.</p>

      <p>“So, what do you need? I’m happy to be young again after so long, but I have my duty to protect the seal. If possible, I’d like to go back to where I was before.”</p>

      <p>“I want to ask you about the seal.” Pollux narrowed her eyes, giving Parthenos a sharp look. “Say, Parthenos. You... Why did you allow the Goddess’s avatar to pass?”</p>

      <p>Parthenos was silent for a moment before saying, “Oh ho. To think she was already mixed into the party back then. That was an oversight...”</p>

      <p>“Don’t play with me. You might be able to fool Miss Lufas, but not me. I’d appreciate it if you didn’t look down on me like that.”</p>

      <p>Pollux wanted to confirm something, something that had to do with when Parthenos had allowed Dina, who had visited Vanaheim with Lufas and her group, through. Pollux saw this as Parthenos, who had once been the guardian of the Goddess’s sanctuary, allowing Dina, who was a similar existence to her, to pass.</p>

      <p>But that was strange. It just was. After all, the ouroboros was a representative of the Goddess, and the seal was there to stop it from waking up. Even so, Parthenos let someone through who was basically the Goddess. It was like putting the cart before the horse. There would have been no point in keeping up a barrier at all. In other words, letting Dina into the barrier could not be like the reason why Lufas had let Dina go... Parthenos had let Dina through with full knowledge.</p>

      <p>“Also, one more thing. You had control of the Goddess’s Sanctuary. There’s no way you don’t know what the Goddess looks like. Even if you made a mistake before and let her into the seal, or if she managed to somehow slip through on her own... There’s no way you didn’t realize who she was the second you laid eyes on her.”</p>

      <p>Parthenos remained silent.</p>

      <p>Pollux wouldn’t allow for excuses or deceptions. <em>Answer me, Parthenos.</em> Parthenos could tell that’s what Pollux was saying with her gaze, so she raised both her hands to signal surrender. Other people aside, Parthenos decided she couldn’t continue to deceive Pollux.</p>

      <p>“Well done, Pollux. You were right about everything. I knew who she was, and I let her through on purpose. But it looks like even you didn’t manage to see her true form behind her true form.”</p>

      <p>Pollux paused, before asking, “What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t you dare let anyone else know this. Especially those with loose lips.”</p>

      <p>Then, Parthenos started to speak. She explained exactly why she’d let Dina through, who she was, and what her plan was, as well as why Lufas trusted her so implicitly. Parthenos told Pollux why, even after it had been revealed that Dina was deceiving Lufas, she still couldn’t think of Dina as an enemy.</p>

      <p>Yes, there was no way Lufas had done all of that with no thought at all. There was a reason she did not see Dina as an enemy. Deep in the farthest reaches of Lufas’s consciousness, there was an ephemeral memory that she was just barely able to unconsciously hold on to, and with that Lufas “knew” that Dina was no enemy.</p>

      <p>Having heard that, Pollux at first couldn’t believe it. However, eventually everything made sense to her.</p>

      <p>She digested the information, saying nothing for a while before finally admitting, “I see. That does make sense, I guess. I definitely thought it was strange... No matter how simply Lufas thinks, she was being led around weirdly easily. But yes, now everything makes a sort of sense.”</p>

      <p>“You still seem rather unsatisfied, though?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I am. I wasn’t told everything. I just felt I was pathetic.”</p>

      <p>“Well, that can’t be helped. In the worst case, you could have had your memories read by the Goddess. There was a need to at least keep the most important parts a secret.”</p>

      <p>“I know that. Still, I can’t help but feel that way.”</p>

      <p>Pollux was embarrassed of the weakness of her own will. If she were like the Vampire Princess, she would surely have been told everything by Lufas, even if she was under the same circumstances.</p>

      <p><em>That self-centered absurdly out-of-the-box girl who could forcefully throw off the yoke of the Goddess’s interference would never have to be afraid of being controlled by her or of having her memories read. But I couldn’t do that. I resisted, but in the end, I was taken over. If the same thing were to happen again, it’d probably yield the same result.</em></p>

      <p><em>It’s just so pathetic. I hate it...</em></p>

      <p>It wasn’t a matter of stats. Even infinite stats wouldn’t help you against the Goddess, after all. That ability was due to an incredible will that went beyond mere stats. If it wasn’t for that, it would be impossible to resist the Goddess.</p>

      <p>“So, what do I do now? Am I allowed to go back already?”</p>

      <p>“No, stay here just in case. I think it’ll be fine, but we might need your abilities if something goes wrong.”</p>

      <p>“That’s fine with me, but what about the seal?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve sent Borealis the Crown there to replace you already. It’ll be fine.”</p>

      <p>Parthenos was quiet for a moment. “You think of everything, don’t you?”</p>

      <p>Borealis the Crown was a skilled level 1000 Grappler who’d served under Lufas. He had originally been the emperor of humanity’s largest empire before Lufas had appeared, but after the invasion of the Dragon King Ladon, it seemed he’d lost a lot of his authority. After that, Lufas, who had just happened to have been passing by, defeated the Dragon King. Borealis had been entranced, so, when she founded her own country, he immediately bent the knee, or so the story went.</p>

      <p>He was 220 centimeters tall, and he would have looked like a middle-aged gentleman if it weren’t for the fact that the way he dressed—shirtless with a mantle—made him seem somewhat like a pervert. Also, when it came to approaching for a fistfight, he could even give Lufas a hard time. Put bluntly, he was leagues above Parthenos in terms of singular combat capability. Furthermore, he was accompanied by the knight captain Alphecca, who had been like one of his limbs in life, along with more of his elite forces.</p>

      <p>“That’s how it is. I’d like to have you help protect us here before regrouping with Miss Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, fair enough. Looks like I’ll be using my power for the missus’s sake for the first time in a while.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I’ll be counting on you.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Oh? One of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, I see.”</p>

      <p>“Former, that is. I passed down that title to my grandchild. Now I’m just Parthenos.” Parthenos laughed boldly as she activated her skills.</p>

      <p>She started with the high-level priest skill “Double Star.” The condition to acquire this skill was for the user to be priest level 100.</p>

      <p>Then, she activated “Fourth Star.” The condition to acquire this one was for the user’s Priest level to be 200 and for the priest to have already learned Double Star. Also, this skill couldn’t be used unless Double Star had already been cast, so using it required a bit of lag. However, its effect was tremendous. The skill allowed the user to cast up to four mid-level heaven-arts at once for a certain amount of time.</p>

      <p>Parthenos moved her fingers, and four pentagrams appeared in front of her. Each of those applied themselves to her allies around her. There was the Sun element heaven-art “Photon Weapon.” It buffed her allies’ attack power. Then, the Sun element heaven-art “Ray Block.” It raised her allies’ physical defense. Third, the Sun element heaven-art “Ray Barrier.” This one raised her allies’ magic defense. And lastly, the Sun element heaven-art “Photon Field,” which created a field which could shoulder any damage taken from allies.</p>

      <p>“And that’s not all. If you don’t hurry and stop me, it’ll be too late, you know?” Parthenos said as she once again started casting.</p>

      <p>Sol’s expression changed as he immediately went on the attack, but he was too late. Thanks to him showing off how easy he had it, he was a step behind. In that time, Parthenos had already cast another four buffs. The Sun element heaven-art “Regenerate,” which automatically regenerated ally HP for its duration. Then, she cast the Sun element heaven-art “Mana Regenerate.” This one did the same, but for SP. Third was the Sun element heaven-art “Speed of Light.” It doubled the speed of those it affected. And lastly the Sun element heaven-art “Aura Burst,” which raised all stats of those who it affected. It also stacked with other buffs.</p>

      <p>Sol attempted to attack Parthenos, but Terra blocked it with his blade. Normally, Sol would completely overpower Terra, but this time, their contest of strength was even. It was all thanks to Parthenos’s buffs. Terra’s block gave Parthenos another turn. Once more, she had enough time to cast even more spells.</p>

      <p>“Hey, hey. I’m gonna keep going, you know? Maybe you should hurry up!”</p>

      <p>She cast the Sun element heaven-art “Auto Resurrection.” Anyone affected by this would automatically revive once when their HP hit 0. Parthenos also cast the Sun element heaven-art “Element Reflector,” an art which halved damage from a selected element for its duration. Then she cast the Sun element heaven-art “Aura Feather,” which gave her allies wings of light, allowing them to fly. Her fourth Sun element heaven-art was “Ray Force;” it buffed the magic damage her allies dealt to their enemies.</p>

      <p>“No way... So fast!” While busy exchanging blows with Terra, Sol was shocked seeing how fast Parthenos was casting.</p>

      <p>It was possible for high-level casters to be able to cast four spells or arts at once, but there was always some amount of time lag between starting to cast and activating the spell. For most casters, four at once would usually mean several minutes... Even one of the Seven Luminaries’ levels would need a couple seconds. It was unreal to see someone doing so in pretty much an instant with no requisite actions.</p>

      <p>Fourth Star was not an invincible skill. In fact, while it allowed the caster to cast more spells at once, it lengthened the casting time of each spell, making those spells lose their speed advantage. The problem with the skill was that it stopped spells from coming in a timely fashion when it was most important. It was common sense for priests to value instantaneousness over the benefits the skill gave them. <em>But this is strange. This girl... She’s been mixing in high-tier arts as well!</em></p>

      <p>However, that was what made Parthenos special. The Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars all possessed unique skills, each of them boasting unfair strength with Leon being the only exception. So, Parthenos naturally was part of that as well. Her unique skill’s name was Zavijava, and it was a little hard to say. The skill’s effect was rather mundane compared to the skills possessed by the other Twelve Stars. At least, it wasn’t the kind of skill that was easy to see and had a lot of impact, but that didn’t mean it was weak. In fact, it was so brutally strong that, in the game, Lufas had reacted with, “Isn’t this just unfair?” when she’d seen it.</p>

      <p>The effect of her skill was to invalidate all restrictions on high-ranking heaven-arts. There were several skills that restricted the user from being able to use arts over a certain level or tier, but Parthenos could ignore that and mix in as many highest-tier arts as she wanted.</p>

      <p>At first glance, it seemed mundane, but it was almost a joke how absurd the skill was. That was because priests and sorcerers got skills that lowered the SP cost for spells under a certain rank or eliminated the casting time for heaven-arts under a certain rank. Of course, this only applied for low-ranking spells and heaven-arts, so the main use for Fourth Star was to machine-gun out low-tier heaven-arts at a high rate, thus substituting quality for quantity.</p>

      <p>But Parthenos could ignore that. Skills that would normally only apply to weak arts and spells easily applied themselves to her highest abilities. As a result, she was able to fire off as many high-level arts as she wanted with no wait time, a nightmare for her enemies! True, in terms of actual combat ability, Parthenos was in the running for the weakest among the Twelve Stars. There was no doubt about that.</p>

      <p>Actually, she wasn’t just in the running; she was clearly the weakest. As an individual, Pollux was weaker. However, she was treated as a set with her “twin” Castor, so, given that, the Maiden was still weaker than the two of them. Even Lufas had said, “Her support abilities are amazing, but her combat abilities are a little...” She basically just said that Parthenos was weak. However, she had also said, “She’s more than worth it just by having her standing in the back casting.” Parthenos was a support specialist who could change the tides of battle just by being there; that was the power of the former Maiden.</p>

      <p>Terra’s blade grazed Sol as he broke through the front line, letting fly a punch at the most dangerous girl of the group. But he was careless. Parthenos was, in fact, the weakest of the Twelve Stars, but she wasn’t like Pollux where her stats were so weak they didn’t line up with her level. At the very least, she had the stats befitting of a level 800...and now that she was buffed so hard, her strength was enough to take at least one hit from a front-liner.</p>

      <p>“You fool!”</p>

      <p>Sol gasped, surprised.</p>

      <p>Parthenos blocked Sol’s fist with her log as she smiled, her crafty old eyes narrowing in mirth. Just like that, Parthenos gave her opponent no time to recover from his astonishment before his right leg suddenly rotated on its axis. Her strike with the log, using the power of centrifugal force, laid Sol flat on the ground.</p>

      <h1>9</h1>

      <p>As its name implied, the Branch of the Ouroboros was the smallest branch of the Wood ouroboros’s tree that had been cut into a size that could barely fit in a human hand. It could be said to be just a tree branch. There had been nothing done to it to make it into a weapon; it was basically just the base material itself. However, it had once been part of the Wood ouroboros, so just by swinging it around, it demonstrated enough power to make legendary weapons cry in shame and lose their confidence.</p>

      <p>Parthenos loved it and was one of the few people allowed to use it. <em>Processing this branch would be evil.</em> Parthenos believed that using it as it was would be the best way to bring out all the branch’s strengths.</p>

      <p>However, it was still a part of the Wood ouroboros, even though some might have said it was just a branch. It was part of Mizgarz’s largest living thing, which legend said would be large enough to wrap around all of Mizgarz, if its underground roots were included. In actual numbers, the tree was absurdly large, over fifty thousand kilometers long when stretched out. When it came to the branches, even the thinnest parts at the very edges were longer and thicker than high-rise buildings on Earth.</p>

      <p>Parthenos wielded just a cutting of the very tip, and this wood was also what the <em>Argo</em> was made of. Of course, the ouroboros wouldn’t feel anything just by having such a small piece scraped off of it. To humans, it would be like cutting off a small piece of the end of their hair.</p>

      <p>“Take this!”</p>

      <p>Parthenos swung the log that was larger than she was and sent Sol flying. As he flew, she followed up with another attack, aiming her palm at him and firing off a light spell. The sky lit up briefly, and Sol was swallowed in a string of explosions.</p>

      <p>However, he was the avatar of an ouroboros. Not only that, but he was also neither split in his powers, like Pollux and Castor, nor half-asleep. While he didn’t have any unfair skills like Pollux did, in exchange, all the points she had to put into her special ability had been spent on his combat power, so he possessed tremendous speed and power. He flew out of the smoke, seemingly unharmed from that exchange.</p>

      <p>Terra’s mantle waved in the air as he slashed at Sol. In the air, Sol met Terra’s blade, his hand in the form of a knife-hand strike, and the clash between the two birthed a shower of sparks.</p>

      <p>“Devil Slash!”</p>

      <p>Terra’s blade glowed blue as it unleashed a blade of concentrated mana. He had activated a Swordmaster skill, Devil Slash, which was one of the few ranged attack options available to the swordsman-type classes.</p>

      <p>The attack took Sol’s arm, spewing blood into the winds, but Sol never stopped smiling as he gathered strength in his arm. When he did, his arm regenerated instantly, and he punched at Terra like nothing had happened.</p>

      <p>Sol sharply descended, chasing after the surprised Terra, who had been blown backwards. But Terra flipped in midair and landed properly on the ground, which allowed him to circle around behind Sol within a moment.</p>

      <p>Sol also quickly reacted, turning around and meeting Terra’s attack head-on. To Virgo, it looked like they had only exchanged one blow each, but there had actually been a fierce exchange of countless attacks and blocks going on. In terms of numbers, there were hundreds of exchanges between blade and fist. The sound could only follow after the attacks themselves, the snap-crack of which created a storm of wind centered around the two of them.</p>

      <p>It was a fight between those who were strong, one that Virgo was a long way from being able to intervene in. However, there were several others there who could. There was Castor of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, the recovered trio of knights, and Parthenos, who could participate on the front lines if she wanted to.</p>

      <p>Castor jumped, his swing drawing a perfect arc as he attempted to force damage through Sol’s guard. Sol was sent crashing into the ground, where Parthenos was waiting with her log to swing and send him flying again. From there, the trio of knights all attacked him with their swords, but Sol swiftly dodged them, disappearing in the process.</p>

      <p>“I-I can’t tell what’s going on at all... Ah, Mr. Terra got cut... Huh? They’re already over there?”</p>

      <p>“You can see Terra? Wow. I only see shadows bouncing around at ridiculous speed.”</p>

      <p>Virgo was desperately trying to keep up with a battle she could only scarcely visually comprehend, but it was all she could do to barely keep up with the afterimages. Even so, it was already great that she was able to keep up with those because meanwhile, Pollux couldn’t even do that.</p>

      <p>That was one of the reasons why Pollux couldn’t command her heroic spirits like Castor could. Her thoughts and vision simply couldn’t keep up with the speed at which they fought. She couldn’t even comprehend what was happening, so there was no way for her to give orders. That was the sad reality of being super-specialized in her unique gift.</p>

      <p>That was when a series of loud sounds interrupted Pollux’s self-deprecation. As the five of them focused their improvised teamwork around Terra’s evenly pitched fight with Sol, the battle increased in intensity.</p>

      <p>Terra activated the skill “Quick Raid,” turning into a blue burst of wind along with his blade and resolutely attacking. However, Sol was not one to fall behind. He dodged every single one of Terra’s attacks that fell like rain at the speed of lightning before turning around and unleashing a tornado of blows himself.</p>

      <p>Sol thought he’d hit and punched through Terra, but that misconception only lasted a moment. The next instant, Terra became a phantom and disappeared just before Sol suffered a slash to his shoulder.</p>

      <p>This was another Swordmaster skill, one which left behind afterimages for a time while conducting an attack, “Phantom Sword.” If Lufas were around, she would’ve described it harshly by saying, “It’s effective against people, but against the CPU, it’s a dead skill because they don’t get fooled at all. Who would even use this skill? Widen its hitbox at the very least, devs.”</p>

      <p>“Storm Harpoon!”</p>

      <p>Castor swung his anchor, creating a blade of wind. His attack hit Sol’s head, but all it did in terms of damage was cause some light bleeding. It also caused his stance to crumble, however, allowing the trio of knights to attack all at once, kicking off a fierce series of exchanges.</p>

      <p>In front of their perfectly synced sword strikes, Sol did not falter. Swords versus bare hands. Three versus one. Normally, the victor would be apparent, but this time, the battle was even. Sol wasn’t being given an opening to make a fatal attack. No, they weren’t even. Little by little, the knights were being pushed back.</p>

      <p>Parthenos’s buffs were working. They should have put Sol completely on the back foot rather than just on even ground. However, now the gap was once again widening. The reason was that... Well, Sol could actually also use heaven-arts.</p>

      <p><em>Oh no! That sly one. He’s been buffing himself! So he’s the same type as Miss Lufas!</em></p>

      <p>Sol laughed as if in response to Parthenos’s inner unease and impatience. <em>Yes! If your opponent uses heaven-arts to get stronger, why not use them yourself?!</em></p>

      <p>While he couldn’t cast as fast as Parthenos could, it was still possible for him to buff himself one art at a time while fighting. Each time an art was activated, the gap would grow, eventually returning the state of the battle to the same gap as before. If that happened, Pollux, Parthenos, and the others would be at an overwhelming disadvantage. The best answer for this situation would probably be to nullify his heaven-arts.</p>

      <p>However, the element that was best at doing that was the Moon element. The Sun element was rife with many buffing spells, but in exchange, it had almost no dispel effects. Pollux wanted to call a spirit that could handle dispelling, but if she were to undo her skill sealing right now, the Goddess would probably see that as the perfect chance to possess her.</p>

      <p>Taurus’s skill Aldebaran and Lufas’s weapon Lifthrasir would also work, but neither of them were present. However, that was when help came from an unexpected place.</p>

      <p>“Luna Dispel!”</p>

      <p>The black light of a Moon element spell flew through the sky, taking away one of the heaven-arts buffing Sol. The spell had come from Luna, whose fingers were pointed at the sky.</p>

      <p>Dispel effects did not take the caster and target’s power into account. As long as the spell landed, it would do its job. There was no way Sol would have seen Luna as a threat; he had probably even forgotten she existed. However, having basically been ambushed by Luna’s spell, Sol had one of his buffs taken away. But that was it. All of Luna’s spells after that first one were easily dodged by Sol, who seemed to teleport in front of her.</p>

      <p>Without even a word, he swung his hand down in a knife-hand strike, but Parthenos butted in from the side, defending Luna from the blow. However, Sol’s aim had always been Parthenos. Taking advantage of the momentary opening, thanks to his target coming into his range of her own will, he changed the aim of his attack.</p>

      <p>Taken by surprise, Parthenos gasped, finding herself unable to react in time.</p>

      <p>Parthenos’s log and Sol’s hand passed by each other, and an arm flew into the air. At the same time, the log buried itself in Sol’s face, sending him flying as far as Parthenos’s strength allowed.</p>

      <p>However, Parthenos lost her balance and fell to her knee right afterwards. She was missing her right arm from the shoulder. The severed stump leaked particles that emitted a faint light before disappearing. Seeing that, Virgo’s face paled.</p>

      <p>“Granny!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t shout. This body is just an illusion... I’m already dead, remember? It doesn’t matter if I lose an arm from a borrowed body like this.”</p>

      <p>Parthenos acted strong, but on the inside, she was busy calmly calculating how disadvantageous this was. <em>If we keep fighting like this we’ll be the ones against a wall. There’s a huge difference in the speed of our support spells, but we’ll eventually be surpassed the longer this fight goes on; we’ll be overrun.</em></p>

      <p><em>We’d have a chance if Luna’s dispels would hit, but that’s probably impossible to ask for, given the difference in levels. She’ll probably never hit again. Also, the loss of my arm is a pretty big blow, even though it was the fault of my own carelessness. </em>Arms were basically openings for a practitioner to launch spells or heaven-arts from. Losing an arm was like a gunner losing a barrel of a gun.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Pollux looked up to the sky, seeming to have resolved her will. She probably planned to take a gamble... She’d have Castor take off her ring and attempt to push through with weight of numbers. True, if it went well, Sol would be no match, but if she was possessed by the Goddess again, it would be game over.</p>

      <p>After a moment of silent resignation, Parthenos thought, <em>Looks like this is it...</em></p>

      <p>The gap between level 800 and level 1000 was insurmountably large. Even in death, Parthenos was a member of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, someone captured by Lufas. Even after joining the argonautai, that restriction remained, and she was stuck at level 800.</p>

      <p>This didn’t just apply to her. Fenix and Hydras were also under the same circumstances, so what was necessary was a back line who hadn’t been turned under Lufas’s sway—the level 1000 next generation of the Maiden. It was time for Parthenos to do what she would normally have done before dying; it was time to pass the baton down to the next generation.</p>

      <p>“Virgo. Come to me.”</p>

      <p><em>If I do this, I’ll probably lose the power to fight myself. Even if I’m still called an argonautai, I won’t be able to do anything anymore.</em></p>

      <p>This even happened to Aeneas. There was no reason for it not to. However, Parthenos was not worried. Unlike herself, her grandchild had talent from birth, and she was nothing like the girl who had known nothing of the world until meeting Lufas.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve gone around the world and should have gained some perspective. So yes, let’s pass it on to my beloved granddaughter, even if she isn’t related by blood, along with my title as one of the Twelve Stars in full.</em></p>

      <p>There was only ever one with the power of the guardian of the sanctuary. When it is time to pass on the torch, the levels and skills go with the title, though it was probably more accurate to say that passing over the role of guardian of the sanctuary also passed over all the skills and other things contained within. All that would be left after the transfer would be the skills and levels Parthenos had obtained herself beforehand.</p>

      <p>This was a sort of safety in order to prevent inflation of too many overly strong people, but in essence, that just meant that every single guardian wasn’t much without their guardian powers. The role and title of guardian of the sanctuary were what was strong, not Aeneas or Parthenos in particular. It was almost like just another piece of equipment. The role itself held power, so by handing it over, Parthenos was taking herself out of the fight.</p>

      <p><em>But this is fine</em>, she thought.<em> I don’t need this role given to me by the Goddess anymore, and I’m sure this will be the last inheritance ceremony in history. If the master is going to tear apart the Goddess’s script, then there doesn’t need to be a guardian of the sanctuary anymore.</em></p>

      <p>Parthenos gathered all the power she could muster in her fingertip and poured it into Virgo. The power flew at Virgo’s chest while she had yet to understand what was happening. The light the power gave off seemed to be sucked into her chest before she started to glow.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>