<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_5">
    <div class="main">
      <p>This man was the king of the ocean. He controlled the waters, and in a sense, he was the one in control of most of Mizgarz.</p>

      <p>At the moment, a young mermaid who seemed to be a messenger had her head bowed in his presence. “My liege, I have a report. The descendants of those who went to the surface disappeared the other day.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, those fools who followed Leon, huh? Such idiocy... They should have just subjected themselves to my rule and protection. I cannot understand why they would care to be treated as equals by those who are simply satisfied with the narrow world of the surface. As if the opinions of those inferior species matter.”</p>

      <p>The king let out scornful laughter, not even trying to hide his disdain. To him, the seven races were nothing but inferior species not worth his time. In fact, he didn’t even consider them as people. To him, all living things in this world were inferior; they were nothing but knockoffs of gods.</p>

      <p><em>There are only two people in this world of worth. One is, of course, me, the pinnacle of beauty and perfection and a child of god. The other is my beloved, who, though of inferior birth, has surpassed the framework of her roots and become a unique race all to herself. A rank under us would be the ouroboroses and the Fairy Princess and the like, and I suppose the Devil King barely makes it as well.</em></p>

      <p>The man looked the messenger girl up and down, his overtly lustful gaze basically licking her all over limb to limb.</p>

      <p>“Is there anything else?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes. There are some visitors to the palace who claim to have business with you, my liege.”</p>

      <p>“Business? With me? Who are these disrespectful louts?”</p>

      <p>“I-I don’t know. I have never seen them before. There is a female golem and someone who seems to be an old human wearing a monocle...”</p>

      <p>Pisces paused, repeating the words to himself under his breath. “A female golem and an old man with a monocle...?”</p>

      <p>After hearing the girl’s report, two people he didn’t especially like immediately sprung to his mind. There was the killer maid golem who wasn’t offensive to the eye but, in the end, was still artificially beautiful, and the crazed goat demon. He couldn’t stop himself from remembering them. His impression of them wasn’t too good because no matter how many times he’d tried to correct them, they had never stopped calling him by that awful name.</p>

      <p>“I see. By the way, I don’t believe I’ve seen you before?”</p>

      <p>“I was taken on as an apprentice just the other day. My name is Suirat Tigas. Your usual messenger has taken ill, so I have been chosen as a stand-in.”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t exactly uncommon for there to be a new hire he didn’t know of. It wasn’t nice to hear, but to the king, they were just underlings, and apprentice ones at that, so reporting each and every one of them to him would actually be the disrespectful thing to do. If they had to be introduced to the king, it would only be after their training was done.</p>

      <p>Well, to be fair, there was a separate facility for training, and normally, those in training wouldn’t be allowed to work in the palace until they had finished, but the King decided not to investigate that. <em>Hmm... She looks a little young, but her hair color is the same.</em> The girl was blonde, but her hair turned scarlet at the tips. It was the same unique feature of the one woman he recognized as an equal, the one he was in love with. In fact, all the women who worked in the palace resembled her in some way or another. It was simple. Basically, this man was making a harem of women who resembled the one he had a one-sided crush on. To him, having one with the exact same hair color was not something he could let go.</p>

      <p>“For now, just chase those fools away. Also, you said your name was Suirat? I have decided. Tonight, you will be my partner. Be honored.”</p>

      <p>Having unexpectedly found someone to attend to him through the night, the king’s face twisted lecherously as the girl turned red in the face and looked down.</p>

      <p><em>What an innocent reaction. I’ve been having nothing but experienced girls recently, so having one like this every once in a while will be fun. </em>Such were the vulgar thoughts of the king, but those thoughts were blasted away in the next moment.</p>

      <p>The entrance crumpled and was blown inwards, directly hitting the king.</p>

      <p>“Forgive us for entering so dynamically. Is the pervert narcissist Eros home?” said the steel maid golem.</p>

      <p>“Playing the big dog in a palace full of women, huh? What bad taste, as always,” the intelligent-looking but actually extremely radical old gentlemen said as they entered.</p>

      <p>Their entrance, which was far too cruel with no hint of respect anywhere, had the surrounding mermaids in shock. That was only natural. After all, he was their king, and it was unheard of for anyone to slam a door into him.</p>

      <p>“My name isn’t Eros! It’s Pisces, you idiots!” the king, or rather, one of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, Pisces the Fish, yelled at the two of them. He made no effort to hide his irritation at being called his real name as he flung the door off himself and stood up.</p>

      <h1>11</h1>

      <p>Rewinding time back a little, Lufas and the rest toured around the world in the <em>Argo</em> trying to find Pisces while Pollux, Terra, and the others were fighting.</p>

      <p>“It was faint, but just now, I have detected a trace of Eros’s mana. It seems as if he is below us,” said Libra.</p>

      <p>They had been flying around in the <em>Argo</em> for a while before Libra had spoken up, and they stopped. Having been told that he was under them, Lufas looked over the side of the boat and found only a vast expanse of ocean. Thinking that he might be on one of the solitary islands dotting the scenery, she concentrated and tried to see farther, but there were no signs of people on any of the islands.</p>

      <p>In normal times, Lufas’s eyesight could capture the silhouette of a bug smaller than one centimeter over twenty meters away. However, by using mana, she could create a lens in front of her eyes and see even farther away. Lufas created two different lenses with mana. One was an objective lens, and the other was an optical lens; she also surrounded the lenses with mana so as not to let light escape. Like that, she’d formed what was essentially an improvised refracting telescope in order to see far-off islands. As a spell, it was named “Light Scope,” and it was a support spell, which was rare for magic.</p>

      <p>In the game, it simply allowed the player to zoom in. That was it. <em>I remember that sometimes you could do this too close to another character and end up zooming in through their model to see through to the other side. Fix that shit, devs.</em></p>

      <p>However, even with all that, Lufas still saw nothing.</p>

      <p>“So he’s in the ocean.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, most likely.”</p>

      <p>There wasn’t anything unusual about that. Just as Pisces’s title implied, he made the water his battlefield, unlike the others in the Twelve Stars who mainly specialized in land combat. Therefore, it was easy to predict that he would be in the ocean, but that didn’t stop this fact from being unpleasant.</p>

      <p>The ocean was vast, much more than any landmass, not to mention the added dimension of depth, which meant there was much more area to search than on land as well. Not only that, but no one in the group was specialized in underwater movement. Of course, that included Libra, Sagittarius, and Aigokeros, who were the Pisces search team. So before going into the water, there would be a need to plan a method to do so.</p>

      <p>“How long can each of you hold your breath underwater?” Lufas asked.</p>

      <p>“I do not need to breathe, so I can stay under however long I need,” answered Libra.</p>

      <p>“I haven’t really tried,” Aigokeros admitted, “but I believe I can hold on for a couple hours.”</p>

      <p>“My best is forty-five minutes,” Sagittarius said.</p>

      <p>Obviously, the difference between the living and non-living showed itself. Libra, who wasn’t technically alive, had no need to breathe. However, she was very heavy, unlike what her appearance suggested, weighing in at three hundred kilograms. If she were to simply drop into the ocean as is, she would undoubtedly sink to the bottom. Even Lufas wasn’t sure what was up with Aigokeros, but he was at least half alive. He existed somewhere between a normal living thing and a devilfolk, so he hadn’t completely lost all function as a living being. Then, there was Sagittarius, who as a centaur and normal living thing could only hold his breath for under an hour. Forty-five minutes was already incredible, though, but that was more a personal achievement rather than a mark of his race. It was just like seeing people who could hold their breath for over ten minutes.</p>

      <p>“Then we’ll need to figure something out. Sagittarius?”</p>

      <p>“Leave it to me. Oxygen Suction.”</p>

      <p>The heaven-art that Sagittarius had just used, “Oxygen Suction,” was a simple one that just gathered oxygen. It was something to help raise a living thing’s oxygen intake capabilities, and it allowed the user to take in the oxygen that was diffused in the water as if they were breathing on land. In other words, its purpose was to allow the user to breathe underwater.</p>

      <p>As an aside, in the game, if the player didn’t use a skill like this when setting foot in an underwater field, they would steadily lose HP as a field effect. However, Lufas would simply ignore that and charge in, relying on an HP-regen heaven-art to brute-force her way through and out-heal the field damage effect. Overwhelming amounts of HP eliminated the need for oxygen. Lufas herself was getting farther and farther from a normal living being. Of course, she had no intention of doing the same thing in this world.</p>

      <p>“Next is Libra. You should be fine as long as We prepare equipment for moving around in the water,” said Lufas before retreating to the ship’s cabins in order to start her work.</p>

      <p>Then, after a while, sounds started to drift out, including those of metal hitting metal, something snapping, and some explosions. The noises in no way suggested that something was being made, but unfortunately, there was no one around that would mind that. If Sei had been here, he might have made a retort, but he wasn’t, and there was no one here to fill his role.</p>

      <p>After a few more minutes of noises, Lufas came out holding something that looked like a blue set of wings. It closely resembled Libra’s support golem, Astraia. Upon closer inspection, an observer could tell that the thing had four pairs of wings and was made so that there would be two cannons sprouting from the hip when worn. However, the shoulder cannons that were normally seen on Astraia were nowhere to be seen.</p>

      <p>“It’s done. The aquatic movement combination golem. Let’s name it...Astraia Type M. There is a propellant screw hidden behind the wings, and you can change direction by moving your wings. Your hip cannons shoot anchors, and you can transmit vibrations and ultrasonic waves through them as an attack to destroy the target from the inside. With this, you should be able to maneuver in the water without sinking,” Lufas explained as she docked the Astraia Type M onto Libra.</p>

      <p>Libra immediately started testing the equipment’s functions, firing the anchors from her hip cannons. The launched anchors had wires attached, which seemed to stretch on into infinity. Eventually, the anchor dropped into the ocean, stabbing into a shark monster that just happened to be there. The monster was called a deep blue, and it liked the taste of human flesh. When Libra transmitted ultrasonic waves into the monster, the deep blue started bleeding from its eyes and mouth, gushing blood before it stopped moving. With it dead, Libra reeled in the anchor with the shark still on it, carrying the carcass onto the <em>Argo</em>.</p>

      <p>“What a wonderful piece of equipment. With this, I will surely eliminate Eros,” said Libra.</p>

      <p>“No, don’t eliminate him. Just bring him back here.”</p>

      <p>While talking, Lufas continued to reequip Libra for underwater operations. Because the machine gun Libra liked to use would be basically useless in the water, it was left in the <em>Argo</em>. In exchange, she would be using an underwater-use assault rifle made by Lufas, and with that, her preparations were complete.</p>

      <p>“And this is for you, Aigokeros.”</p>

      <p>Having finished with Libra’s equipment, Lufas used Exgate to pull out a weapon from a crack in space. However, the size of it was strange. A giant scythe—a death scythe—had appeared out of the deck of the ship like it had grown from it. It was clearly not sized for human hands, probably because Lufas had expected it to be used while Aigokeros was already in monster form. Even just the handle was over one hundred meters long. The blade glinted ominously, and it looked capable of reaping an entire city in one strike, given its size.</p>

      <p>“As you can see, this is made for you while you’re in your monstrous form. It is a weapon just for you, who can store it in your shadow while it’s not in use.”</p>

      <p>Aigokeros was capable of diving into shadows. That ability wasn’t limited to just himself either; it also applied to the clothes he wore, among other things. This was something Aries and the others could not imitate. If Lufas were to grant them weapons for use while in their monstrous forms, there would be nowhere to put them. Aigokeros was the only one capable of this. That was why he was the only one with a weapon based on his gigantic form, and such size also meant corresponding strength. The weapon gave a massive +2000 STR adjustment while also having an instant-death effect. Of course, boss-class enemies almost all invalidated instant-death effects, but it would be perfect for easily mowing through weak opponents.</p>

      <p>“I accept this with great joy. With this, I will be sure to bring nothing but death to Eros,” said Aigokeros.</p>

      <p>“I’m telling you, guys, don’t kill him. Bring him back.”</p>

      <p>Aigokeros took the weapon and shut it in his shadow. Also, though the sight of her casually handing an over one-hundred-meter-large scythe was incredibly surreal as always, there was no one to comment on it. Something like this only seemed normal to them.</p>

      <p>Sagittarius seemed to be looking at Lufas with expectant eyes as well, but she had nothing to hand over to him.</p>

      <p>“You already have a weapon, do you not? We have nothing for you.”</p>

      <p>She was right, Sagittarius already had a weapon given to him by Lufas. So he would not be getting any support here. After hearing that, Sagittarius sat down, totally silent, and hugged his knees, but the only emotion anyone would feel seeing a half-naked man sulk would be annoyance, so Benetnasch just kicked him off the ship. He seemed so normal and proper when he’d first appeared too. How sad.</p>

      <p>“All right then, we will be off.”</p>

      <p>“Please await our success.”</p>

      <p>Following that, Libra and Aigokeros jumped off the ship, raising large spouts of water as they dove in. The atmosphere was relaxed, as if they were at a pool or something, but the <em>Argo</em> was currently ten thousand meters high, so they would have been falling at over two hundred kilometers per hour by the end. Diving into the water at that speed was akin to diving onto concrete, but there was no damage to Libra and the others. If they were weak enough to take damage from something like that, they wouldn’t be the strongest golem and demon lord who had threatened to upset the balance of power in Mizgarz.</p>

      <p>“Sagittarius isn’t here,” Libra remarked casually once they were in the water.</p>

      <p>It was impossible for people to speak while underwater. However, she was a golem. She was able to simply emit sound without the need for air. If it were to be described using knowledge only available to Lufas and Sei, it was like hearing sound from a speaker placed under the water.</p>

      <p>“He has probably already started his search for Eros,” said Aigokeros, who also spoke normally while under the water. Apparently, he was using telepathy to transmit his thoughts through the water.</p>

      <p>As for Sagittarius, neither of them were especially worried. The centaur was originally well suited for covert ops, so he almost never showed himself in front of his comrades anyway. That had started happening more often after Lufas had come back, but disappearing like this was much closer to his original style. He was surely already transformed into some sort of merfolk, just like he had become a beastfolk in Draupnir, and he was already searching.</p>

      <p>“More importantly, do you know where Eros is?” Aigokeros wondered.</p>

      <p>“I am getting a return from just up ahead. Let’s go.”</p>

      <p>Libra indicated a direction as she shifted the wings on her back and moved through the water as if she were flying. Aigokeros followed after her, also seeming like he was flying. After spending some time traveling, the two of them eventually came upon a strange group floating in front of them with their arms crossed. Their leader was a human-shaped fish.</p>

      <p><em>A merman, perhaps? But he’s not shaped like one. Mermen aren’t exactly pleasing to the eye, but this group is even worse.</em></p>

      <p>The life-form’s arms lazily floated to its sides as it swayed left and right. Its tail dragged on the seafloor, and it jumped to move, almost like a frog. Its face was unique, to put it lightly, and none of its features could be described as anything but creepy. The fish-man looked a lot like a deep-sea creature.</p>

      <p>“Is that a merfolk?”</p>

      <p>“No idea. They are in our way, in any case, so they must be eliminated.”</p>

      <p>Aigokeros made a swiping motion with his right arm. At the same time, a huge demon arm materialized holding a scythe.</p>

      <p>There was a flash. The demon arm swung, copying the motion of Aigokeros’s right arm, and the large scythe instantly massacred the merfolk look-alikes. The two of them passed by the corpses easily and without a second glance.</p>

      <p>“This species was not around two hundred years ago. I wonder if they mutated from something?” Libra mused.</p>

      <p>“Possibly. The deep sea is similar to my homeland, Helheim, in that it is thick with mana. It would not be strange to see those environs cause a change, like with us demons,” explained Aigokeros.</p>

      <p>Like water, mana flowed from high to low. The reason why had been researched for many years, but it had yet to be discovered. Either way, it was a fact that places underground or at the bottom of the ocean more easily experienced large amounts of pooled mana. That was why the underground world of Helheim was thick with it, and thanks to that influence, the creatures within the realm changed to become demon-like. Humanity was no exception to this, and those who lived in Helheim had been changed by it, becoming the forefathers of the modern vampire, so it wasn’t exactly strange to see the same thing happening at the bottom of the ocean.</p>

      <p>Libra and Aigokeros had expected that the enemies just now were merfolk who had been affected by mana and mutated, becoming monsters. Most likely, the Goddess had yet to notice this either, so in a sense, they were a new breed of monster for the new age.</p>

      <p>“So we have Eros and an unknown breed of monsters to deal with. Seems like this will be some trouble.”</p>

      <p>“That may be so, but what we have to do doesn’t change. We must fulfill our master’s orders.”</p>

      <p>“I would have done that even without your reminder.”</p>

      <p>It didn’t matter how mysterious or powerful the enemy was. Libra and Aigokeros didn’t waver a centimeter as they continued on to their destination. Eventually, they would come upon an underwater capital draped in splendor.</p>

      <h1>12</h1>

      <p>“I see, yes.”</p>

      <p>There were currently four people sitting around a table talking in a private room for the royal family in the undersea palace—a place where only Pisces, the king, and any women he chose could normally enter. Well, only three of them were actually talking. The girl, Suirat, whom Pisces had brought along because he’d taken a liking to her, was quiet because she couldn’t keep up with the conversation. Libra and Aigokeros talked of Lufas’s revival and all the events up until now while Pisces nodded along.</p>

      <p>“Lufas’s revival is a joyous thing. There’s no doubt. However, why are you people the ones to come to me? Isn’t there someone better, like Pollux or Aries? Someone decent?” asked Pisces.</p>

      <p>“I see. So you are unsatisfied with us. Then maybe you would rather have had Scorpius and Leon?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t joke. If they came, I’d have chased them away immediately. I’ll give a hard pass to dealing with a berserk lesbian and a musclebound idiot. Leon’s especially bad. He’s just so hard to look at.”</p>

      <p>Pisces always judged people primarily by their looks. That might just have been to be expected of the child of Alovenus, who was touted as the goddess of beauty. He fundamentally hated ugly or stuffy-looking people. To him, the beautiful but artificial Libra and the goat demon who was like all the bad emotions of the world come together were not all that welcome. If he had to have been sent someone from the Twelve Stars, then he would rather have entertained Aries or Pollux, who were pleasing to the eye, to come. Of course, that was predicated on Aries never undoing his human form.</p>

      <p>Also, the one he least wanted to see was a certain pervert horse who liked to walk around with his lower half exposed. <em>I have no good memories of that horse... I’m still traumatized by the memory of talking to a girl I liked in town one day, only to find out it was that pervert horse in disguise.</em></p>

      <p>“Also, don’t refer to us as Eros. We already have one person whose joke is that his name keeps getting mistaken, and that’s Taurus.”</p>

      <p>“What? You’re wrong. We get Taurus’s name wrong because it’s confusing. There’s no ill will behind it. We get yours wrong on purpose.”</p>

      <p>“That’s even worse!” exclaimed Pisces.</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s not like it’s all that incorrect either. Your real name <em>is</em> Eros. Right, Eros?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, Eros.”</p>

      <p>“You...”</p>

      <p>Pisces dropped his chin into a hand unhappily, thinking, <em>This is why I hate these two. Neither Pollux nor Aries would call me by the wrong name on purpose, since she has common sense, and he’s actually got a conscience. Well, sometimes Aries does get carried away by the mood, but he never says it with ill intent. But these two will. Especially Aigokeros; he’ll do it especially spitefully. I don’t get what goes on in Libra’s mind either, so I have no idea if she has anything like ill will, but actions speak louder than words. My word, why are the Twelve Stars full of weirdos like these? </em>That was Pisces’s honest thought, one that completely ignored himself.</p>

      <p>“By the way, you need to do something about how you imitate Miss Lufas in the way you refer to yourself. Don’t you think that’s rude?” Aigokeros pointed out.</p>

      <p>“Urgh...” Pisces could only groan in response.</p>

      <p>As he said, Pisces’s way of referring to himself was done to imitate Lufas. Aigokeros and the others all knew that he’d been referring to himself as “the great me,” at least up until he’d met Lufas. Added to that, it was obvious that all the women who worked in this palace resembled Lufas in some way.</p>

      <p>“Well, let’s just leave that aside. There is something more important to discuss.” Pisces didn’t seem to want to continue this thread of conversation, as he quickly moved to change the subject. <em>These things are separate. This goat has no right to say anything about it. </em>“Since Miss Lufas has revived, I’d love to run to her as soon as possible, but unfortunately, some circumstances prevent that.”</p>

      <p>“So you’re saying there’s something you value more than our master? Is your love only worth that much?”</p>

      <p>“Agghh, it’s so annoying to have you heckling me over every little thing! Unlike you, We have a large undersea kingdom to oversee. In pure area, my kingdom covers seventy percent of all of Mizgarz! Unlike you, with nothing to protect, We are different in every way!”</p>

      <p>Pisces showily spread his arms as Libra and Aigokeros watched with cold gazes. Their faces screamed, “There he goes again,” and were no doubt infused with exasperation, but Pisces didn’t seem to mind.</p>

      <p>“The unified state of the great sea, so named Skíðblaðnir. It spans one hundred and eight regions and three hundred cities, with a total population of over a hundred million. Has there ever been a ruler who has commanded such a large area and so many people in Mizgarz’s history?”</p>

      <p>“Miss Lufas has already unified the world once.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, We are scared by our own sheer talent for ruling! This talent, which has seen us create this in a mere two hundred years, is the world’s greatest treasure! And this ocean kingdom will be the engagement ring We offer to our beloved. Do you understand the difference between us? You lot are nothing but underlings, while We are a great king. You will never match us!”</p>

      <p>“Sure, sure, LOLros.”</p>

      <p>“Sure thing, Eros.”</p>

      <p>“YOOOUUUUUUUU!”</p>

      <p>The way he said it was unpleasant, but his accomplishment was actually a great one. After all, in terms of area covered, Pisces’s kingdom surpassed that of the Devil King. At the moment, the devilfolk controlled over ninety percent of the world, while humanity had to make do with the leftover not-even-ten percent of land. However, that figure only included dry land, which didn’t even cover thirty percent of Mizgarz as a whole. The remaining seventy percent was taken up by a massive ocean, which was under Pisces’s rule.</p>

      <p>That achievement was certainly not to be ignored. After all, his return to Lufas’s fold also meant that the ocean kingdom of Skíðblaðnir would be hers to do with as she pleased. In an instant, Lufas would suddenly become the greater power compared to the Devil King, reversing the current balance.</p>

      <p>“However, my kingdom is facing a problem at the moment.”</p>

      <p>“Your narcissism?”</p>

      <p>“That certainly is a big problem.”</p>

      <p>“No, you fools!” yelled Pisces. “We are currently at war after suffering an invasion from grotesque, malformed beings that call themselves the ‘deep ones.’”</p>

      <p>After hearing the word “war,” Libra and Aigokeros turned to look at each other. It was certainly not a Twelve Stars-ish problem to have. With the power of the Twelve Stars, a problem like that could easily be overpowered with sheer brute force. It didn’t matter if they numbered in the thousands or even tens of thousands. With the insurmountable level difference, it would be easy to destroy them all at once, wiping them all out with a single destructive wide-area-of-effect spell. Such a feat was possible for those of the Twelve Stars who could be considered combatants. There was only one of them who couldn’t do such a thing, and that member was a certain crab who had no role other than that of a shield.</p>

      <p>“Deep ones...” Aigokeros pondered the term. “Would you be referring to those merfolk who looked like deep-sea fish?”</p>

      <p>“So you encountered them too? Yes, exactly. Those ugly things who don’t know their place have picked a fight with me. I cannot leave this ocean without decimating them from the root. Otherwise, this beautiful kingdom, which I took all this trouble to build, will get trampled.”</p>

      <p>“Then why not just go and destroy them? We’ve fought them ourselves, and they were just a herd of small fry.”</p>

      <p>“Those are just the vanguard. The problem is the one behind them.” Pisces clicked his tongue with an unpleasant expression as he mussed his hair wildly. “Their leader is a wicked god of the ocean, or so it’s claimed. We have no idea exactly when it appeared. The only thing We can say for sure is that it’s been living in the deeps for quite a long time. Put simply, it is an abomination transformed by mana. You can think of it as a monster that appeared normally, completely unwilled by the Goddess. Just like you, Aigokeros.”</p>

      <p>“Is it strong?”</p>

      <p>“Very. I’ve only gotten in some light skirmishes with it, but its power should be considered at the Twelve Stars class. It might even be as strong as the Dragon King, as far as underwater combat is concerned.”</p>

      <p>After hearing that it was Twelve Stars class, the lax underestimation disappeared from Libra’s and Aigokeros’s faces.</p>

      <p>Monstrosities that were naturally corrupted by mana were not something to be underestimated. After all, many of Lufas’s subordinates, including the Twelve Stars, fit into that category. The biggest names included Karkinos, Aigokeros, Fenix, and Hydras.</p>

      <p>“Are the deep ones the same as it?”</p>

      <p>“No, they’re just a new species that sprung up in these past two hundred years or so. I would exile those who had committed particularly serious crimes to the deeps, and at some point, they became monsters under the control of this wicked god.”</p>

      <p>“So this is all your fault?” asked Libra.</p>

      <p>“Ah, that’s why they were all male,” Aigokeros said.</p>

      <p>“What fools you are, to be unable to understand our mercy.”</p>

      <p>It was just like Pisces the womanizer to basically only exile men to the deeps. Of course, there were female criminals as well, but they had probably gotten off with much lighter sentences than the men. That was why there were no women among the deep ones, and given that, they would eventually go extinct. Basically, while they wouldn’t be executed on the spot, those criminals who deserved death sentences would eventually die anyway. It was simply a delayed execution. In other words, this was a war with their lives on the line, and they were charging in with the intention of saying, “Hand over your women, you stupid harem-making bastard!” It was quite the pathetic reason for war.</p>

      <p>The wicked god, being made to go along with this, was also quite pitiful. In fact, whatever this monster was might actually have been quite nice, given how he was going along with this. At the very least, it was commendable that the wicked god had gone all this time without committing any evil acts at all, even with all that power.</p>

      <p>“Understood. Then let us help,” Libra said.</p>

      <p>“Waiting is too much,” Aigokeros admitted. “Let’s hurry up and dig these deep ones or whatever out by the roots.”</p>

      <p>Neither Libra nor Aigokeros cared much about what happened to the merfolk. However, things were different if this kingdom would become Lufas’s property. It wouldn’t do to hand over a ruined kingdom, after all. Also, if they were to leave this wicked god alone, it might prove a nuisance to their master. There was no reason not to help.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Help, huh? Your personalities aside, I do trust your strength. Fine. I, Pisces, will specially allow you to help. Be honored. Well, this would have been handled with or without you though.”</p>

      <p>“All right then. Let’s just leave, Aigokeros,” said Libra.</p>

      <p>“We need to go report that Eros has died,” Aigokeros chimed in.</p>

      <p>Libra and Aigokeros got up and turned to leave, but Pisces stopped them by throwing away his arrogant demeanor and crying, “W-Wait, don’t go! Okay, I get it, I’m thankful! I’m so grateful. Just help me!”</p>

      <p>In the end, Pisces was the one who most wanted to do something about this situation, and the help of two members of the Twelve Heavenly Stars was something he’d pay an arm and a leg for. After all, if this situation wasn’t resolved, he would never be able to run to Lufas’s side. To him, that was basically torture.</p>

      <p>“Good. Then let us go immediately.”</p>

      <p>“W-We’re going already? But I haven’t formed my army yet.”</p>

      <p>“Why would we need something like that? Just us will be enough.”</p>

      <p>In wars, quantity weighed much more heavily than quality. This applied to all places and all times; it was a golden rule that had been in place since ancient times and would probably never change in the future. The side with more soldiers would win. That was the true form of war.</p>

      <p>Of course, tactics, strategies, weapons, terrain, and weather all played a part, and there were examples of forces with an overwhelming numbers disadvantage winning the day. However, numbers always mattered first and foremost. Such examples didn’t change the fact that outnumbering the enemy gave you a huge advantage. But this group consisted of catastrophes with wills, the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars. Catastrophes didn’t obey the laws and theories of war. If three large meteors rained down upon a country, then it would be easily destroyed, no matter how large an army it had.</p>

      <p>“I struggle to believe this, but are you saying that your long life as a king has dulled your skills?” asked Libra, provoking him.</p>

      <p>“Who do you think you’re talking to? We are Pisces, the child of god! That would never happen!” Pisces laughed as he opened the palace doors.</p>

      <p>The merfolk in the area turned to look, wondering what had happened, but they would never have expected that just three people would be charging into the enemy.</p>

      <p>“We’re setting off! Don’t lag behind, servants!”</p>

      <p>“Who’s a servant, Eros?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t get ahead of yourself, Eros.”</p>

      <p>“Call me Pisces!”</p>

      <p>Pisces snapped his fingers. By doing so, he instantly changed from his previous thin robe to a lustrous and gaudy set of golden armor. The mantle attached to his back flapped in the ocean current, and he held a trident in his hands. As if answering his declaration, a thirty-meter-long giant orca—an orvahl—cried out, allowing him to climb on its back.</p>

      <p>“Heh ha ha ha ha ha! HAAAA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!” The king of the ocean laughed idiotically heartily as he crossed his arms on top of his orvahl.</p>

      <p>The other two members of the Twelve Stars followed behind him, looking exasperated.</p>

      <p>The undersea capital was quickly left behind as the three of them entered the ocean’s depths. Several deep ones appeared in an attempt to stop their advance, but they were just common rabble. A supersonic attack from the orvahl had them gushing blood from every opening in their bodies, which opened them up to be chewed up and eaten by its sharp teeth.</p>

      <p>The orvahl, which Pisces had personally raised as a pet, was level 500, so there was no need for Pisces to deal with the small fry himself.</p>

      <h1>13</h1>

      <p>The deep ocean was a place full of mysteries and wonder, even while being on the same planet. This fact didn’t just apply to Mizgarz; even Sei’s home planet, a place far more advanced than Mizgarz, had yet to fully uncover its mysteries. Unlike the fish humanity often laid eyes on, the denizens of the depths were strange and unique in their forms, such as fish with transparent heads or jellyfish that shone in the seven colors of the rainbow. There were even creatures that somehow resembled spiders, aberrant fish with mouths that nearly split themselves open to eat, and squid with transparent bodies. Creatures existed that were said to be able to survive in absolute zero and others who were unbothered by lethal amounts of radiation. Some could live for ten years without water and others were said to even have arrived from space after surviving its vacuum.</p>

      <p>If all of those creatures that made one give up and just say, “What if it came from space?” were actually mutants created by mana, calling them monsters would actually be rather conservative. But all these creatures and more lived in the deep oceans of Mizgarz, and the deep ones mixed those unique traits with a human form. In a word, they were aberrant. No matter how carefully one tried to choose their words to be as kind as possible, the words cute or cool would never come up. Just looking at them would scrape away at your sanity, and their looks could scare any opponent. One could only assume these monsters had changed in this way as an evil ploy to frighten their victims.</p>

      <p>However, they were faced with an emotionless golem and a demon king from Hel, not to mention a literal child of god. Not a single one of them was mentally weak enough to be shaken just because of their opponent’s looks, and they simply continued to scatter each and every one of them as they moved ever onwards.</p>

      <p>“So ugly... What unsightly things. As someone who lives in the same ocean, I’m ashamed that they are so different. You bastardized servants, don’t you dare show your repulsive forms to me ever again!” Pisces, who was letting his orvahl do all the fighting and was just sitting on top looking imperious, spat out words of contempt, not even trying to hide his disgust.</p>

      <p>The deep ones took offense to that and charged him all at once, shouting words that couldn’t be understood. But Libra took that chance to sweep them all up with her assault rifle, destroying every last one of them.</p>

      <p>“I have sensed a large life-form two kilometers ahead,” said Libra. “Its level...is over 910. We will make contact in several seconds. Are you all ready?”</p>

      <p>Libra’s Search Eye was a skill that had the same effect as Lufas’s Observing Eye. If the target’s level was less than half that of the user’s, the user would be able to see all of its stats. If the target’s level was less than the user’s but over half, the user would only see the target’s level, HP, and SP bars. And if the target was a higher level than the user, the user would be able to see nothing.</p>

      <p>Libra had her Search Eye activated, and she could see nothing about the enemy in front of her. Her level was the highest of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, excluding Leon, at 910, so not being able to see anything meant that the enemy was over level 910.</p>

      <p>“So it’s strong. To think there were still enemies like that left in the world...”</p>

      <p>“It probably evaded notice from the Goddess, the Devil King, and even our master because it’s been living in the deep like this. If it had come to the surface in these two hundred years with our master gone, the map of Mizgarz might have looked completely different.”</p>

      <p>Its being over level 910 meant that it was a disaster-class monster without any doubt. At the very least, it had enough power to be able to flatten Mizgarz in a couple days, at an estimate. The fact that it had spent all this time underwater having small skirmishes was something like a minor miracle for those on land. So in a sense, Pisces had been protecting the world all this time.</p>

      <p>“Hmph, levels are simply strength boiled down into numbers. We have never relied on something like that. Mother tried to micromanage things like that, but that is why she keeps failing. Things are simple. If you’re strong, you’re strong, and if you’re weak, you’re weak. That’s all it is,” said Pisces.</p>

      <p>In levels, there was at least a difference of 90 between the enemy and any one of the Twelve Stars. This was not a small gap. In fact, a gap this large could overturn the three-versus-one disadvantage.</p>

      <p>However, Pisces laughed, undaunted. “As if I care if it’s level 900 or level 1000. We’ll be the ones to win! The heavens have decided it.”</p>

      <p>“You’re filled with baseless confidence, as always.”</p>

      <p>“It’s not baseless. After all, We are the great king of the ocean and a child of god.” Pisces continued to stare straight forward with his arms crossed.</p>

      <p>Following that, Libra and Aigokeros also looked up and got ready.</p>

      <p>Ahead of them was a mountainous and abhorrent monstrosity. Countless tentacles extended from an octopus-like head. Each tentacle was covered in scales and ended in talons. From its back grew bat wings, similar to what Aigokeros had, and its entire body glowed green. Its mouth, hidden by the tentacles, split into four flaps vertically and horizontally, while the inside of the mouth was lined to the brim with fangs. There were two caverns in the head around where the eyes should’ve been, and they glowed red. However, there were no actual eyes there. Upon closer inspection, there were eyes all over the tentacles at irregular intervals, and they swayed and shifted focus all over.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>