<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_7">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Goodbye, mutated one. You may be able to withstand the attack I am about to hit you with...but you will most likely never be able to return to this planet. This world is my master’s...” He paused. “But I, Aigokeros, as a similar being of mana, will formally recognize that you also possess the qualification to rule.”</p>

      <p>Aigokeros did not hate this aberrant god. In fact, he felt that it was the only one in this world he could call a brother. It was a true being of mana, unlike the fakes that were the devilfolk. There was no way Aigokeros could dislike that. If not for the presence of Lufas Maphaahl, Aigokeros might have been happy to split this world in two and share it with the wicked god. That was how much Aigokeros respected it.</p>

      <p>Unfortunately, the Black-Winged King already existed. This world was already spoken for, so there was no place for such a foreign god here, and Aigokeros didn’t want to make one. <em>There is no need for two true kings, and I alone am enough as a loyal retainer.</em></p>

      <p>“If you survive, then exert your supremacy on some other world.”</p>

      <p>Aigokeros swung his arm, flinging the wicked god out into space. As a final token of struggle, the wicked god activated a unique skill. In that instant, the world was quickly rewritten, starting with the wicked god itself, and a foreign law was introduced into this world which was under the iron grip of the Goddess.</p>

      <p>It was seeing a dream, and it was trying to replace reality with it, inverting sanity and insanity in the process. The damage ceiling disappeared, as did the level limit. The wicked god conceived its own world, one which was unbound by the Goddess’s rules, and in which it would unveil even more power and finally become serious. This was the wicked god’s unique skill. It could rewrite the rules of the world, inverting reality and dream and pulling out power surpassing level 1000.</p>

      <p>It was a fearsome power. However, it was slightly too late in revealing this power. Aigokeros was not so slow as to allow the effect of the skill to finalize. In fact, since Aigokeros was so close, he was also included in the effects of the skill and had his level limits unleashed, boosting his level from 1000 to 1350. Level 1350 was not just a new ceiling either; it was Aigokeros’s true level when not being suppressed by anything. Unfortunately, unlike Lufas and Benetnasch, he was unable to rip apart the Goddess’s laws, and so he stayed at level 1000. How ironic, though, that he should become unburdened by such laws by the hands of his enemy, the wicked god.</p>

      <p>With his power surpassing normal limits, Aigokeros opened his mouth and condensed a colossal amount of mana. The wicked god attempted to evade, but it was stopped by the jaws of Pisces, who had shaped himself into a dragon once more. Just like that, the wicked god was flung away.</p>

      <p>“Disappear!”</p>

      <p>Dark light exploded out of Aigokeros’s mouth with the ferocity of a star, its black shine seeming to bring with it an endless sinister darkness along with the obvious destruction. The attack of black light, a seeming contradiction, impacted the wicked god, instantly sending it flying to the ends of space.</p>

      <p>There was no chance to escape from Aigokeros’s attack as he was now, with all his prodigious attack power. The blow was further followed up by the use of Al Nassr, which could ignore distance. The two flashes of light from these attacks twisted together in a screw, further improving each other as they sent the wicked god farther and farther away. It would continue to carry the wicked god away even farther, for years, decades, or even centuries, over many tens or even hundreds of light-years. The wicked god would most likely be carried past stars, solar systems, galaxies, and even galaxy clusters, to be literally carted off to an outer world.</p>

      <p>From here on, Aigokeros would have no way of knowing what happened to the wicked god. It might end up worshiped in whatever place it ended up, or it might even achieve peace after landing in a place with no life. Either way, there was only one thing that Aigokeros could say on the matter, and that was that the wicked god probably would not die. It would surely continue to survive somewhere in space, just like Aigokeros was. <em>We’ll probably never meet again</em>,<em> </em>Aigokeros believed, even as he thought it a little sad.</p>

      <p>The mana dispersed, and Aigokeros returned to his normal size. Pisces struck up conversation while leaking out a cold sweat. “Hmph... I suppose that is only to be expected of the demon king of Hel, the only one to be ‘sealed’ into the Twelve Heavenly Stars because Miss Lufas thought you too dangerous.”</p>

      <p>Aigokeros differed from the other Twelve Heavenly Stars. As was noted before, he was the only one whose cruel nature had been deemed dangerous by Lufas, causing her to capture him so as to be able to watch over him. If he had been left to his own devices, he could have become a bigger threat to humanity than the devilfolk, and Lufas knew that. Keeping him close this way was a method to limit Aigokeros’s level and stop him from being able to use his true power.</p>

      <p>Even the Lion King Leon hadn’t caused Lufas to feel as much danger. Leon was the strongest of the Twelve Heavenly Stars; there was no one who would dispute that. However, the most evil of the Twelve Heavenly Stars would be the Demon King Aigokeros with a bullet. His birth was something not even the Goddess had expected. He was a naturally born monster that existed outside her script. That was why Aigokeros touted himself as a true being of mana, as well as why he loved and respected Lufas so much as someone who was also outside of the Goddess’s script, only with far more power than he. If it wasn’t for that, then he might have spread darkness all over Mizgarz as the Demon King by now.</p>

      <p>“We find it hard to believe that there would be someone this powerful who would willingly accept this seal of subjugation instead of attempting to rule themselves,” said Pisces.</p>

      <p>“There is only one true king, and that is our great Black-Winged Conqueror. If she believes it necessary, then I will happily accept a seal or even death. Such is my loyalty,” explained Aigokeros.</p>

      <p>“How humble of you.”</p>

      <p>Pisces snorted even as he felt relieved on the inside. He’d finally realized how lucky it was that Aigokeros wasn’t as selfish as Leon. <em>The fact that this guy adores Lufas might be the single luckiest stroke in all of Mizgarz. </em>Pisces was normally a very foolish person, but even then, the occasional peeks into his demonic nature Aigokeros showed was enough to give him the shivers.</p>

      <p>“At any rate, this solves your problem. Will you be coming with us, Eros?”</p>

      <p>“Let me finish preparing my successor first. Then We shall accompany you. Also, We are not Eros.”</p>

      <p>“Then we’ll be counting on you from now on, Eros.”</p>

      <p>“I said don’t call me Eros!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, we’ll be counting on you, Pisces,” said Sagittarius.</p>

      <p>“Shut up, pervert horse. Go die.”</p>

      <p>Sagittarius seemed shocked even though he said nothing.</p>

      <p>As Pisces made for the palace, he hid his smile from Libra and the others. They hadn’t changed in two hundred years, and Pisces found that strangely heartwarming. Of course, he’d never say that out loud, but the truth was he found these exchanges rather fun, though he still would rather be referred to as Pisces in the end.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“It looks like Libra’s group has encountered Pisces.”</p>

      <p>I leaned on a pillar in the ship as I opened and read the letter. There were two letters. The first had been sent less than a minute ago, and it was a request to activate Alkaid. Apparently there was something really strong lurking in the deeps that even they were having trouble with, so they wanted me to remove their limiter by using Alkaid. To be honest, that surprised me. I would never have expected there to be a monster that could give Libra, Aigokeros, Sagittarius, and Pisces together trouble.</p>

      <p>The second letter was a report saying that Aigokeros had flung the monster out into space and that Pisces would be joining us. As for this one, I knew that without having to read the letter. I mean, I could see Aigokeros from here. I paused, considering the situation for a moment. <em>Actually, he was probably seen the whole world over.</em> To think that Aigokeros had a skill like that. He was so big, I actually thought I was being pranked. Wouldn’t he be able to kill a planet without even having to bust through the level cap?</p>

      <p>“That was rather amazing, wasn’t it? I made fun of him by calling him a pet before, but even I might have been in danger from that,” Benet said, insincere.</p>

      <p>I laughed derisively. “Stop with the modesty, Benet. In a straight fight, you’d win eight or nine times out of ten.”</p>

      <p>It was true that, in that state, Aigokeros was strong enough to give me a scare, but Benet was still scarier. When it came to a fight, his giant body would actually be a downside; he’d just be a huge target for Benet’s high-speed attacks, and would then be finished off by a Maiden who Fires the Silver Arrow. <em>In fact, Benet’s so strong it’s not even funny.</em> Still, that was a little bit of a waste. I only saw it for a moment, but that gross, weird monster that Aigokeros had sent flying was level 1000, and his HP was even higher than Leon’s, at 2,800,000. It’d become weaker if I were to capture it, of course, but I wanted to anyway, since it was so strong. It’d probably make for a really good HP tank. <em>Ah, but if I did that, then I guess Karkinos would lose his place.</em></p>

      <p>“By the way, where are we going next?”</p>

      <p>I closed my eyes in response to Benet’s question as I considered the choices. At the moment, we were chasing after Dina, who had hidden herself, but we’d yet to find any clue or trail. We’d gone to several places she seemed like she’d go to, including Maphaahl Tower, but we had found nothing. <em>It looks like we’ll have to resort to something a little dangerous. Maybe... Yeah, like hitting up the Devil King’s place.</em></p>

      <p>I opened my eyes, was quiet for a moment, and told Benet my intentions. “We will be going to the devilfolk’s castle.”</p>

      <p>“Oh ho.” Benet grinned wide at that, showing her fangs to the world.</p>

      <p>The Devil King was probably the one who knew Dina the best. After all, he’d silently allowed Dina’s spy antics, meaning he’d known about Venus and had said nothing. Of course, it was possible that he just hadn’t figured it out, but that seemed a touch too foolish for someone capable of ruling over an entire race. Therefore, I had a feeling that he was holding on to some information that I was not privy to. It probably wouldn’t be a bad idea to have an honest heart-to-heart with him at least once. In the worst case, we could just escape.</p>

      <p>“Sounds fun. So we’re finally going to settle things with them after two hundred years, huh?”</p>

      <p>“That depends on how they act. We have no intention of stirring up anything.”</p>

      <p>The devilfolk’s castle would naturally have a lot of devilfolk and monsters in it, but to be honest, their numbers didn’t matter. Even if there were tens of thousands... Actually, even if there were hundreds of millions of them, it wouldn’t matter to me. Sure, quantity was the deciding factor to war, in theory, and it was claimed to directly affect the outcome of battles, but at my level, I’d left all those considerations behind me. No matter how high their numbers went, the impossible would stay impossible. In an extreme comparison, it would be like asking several hundreds of thousands of people to gather together and physically stop a nuclear missile that was about to hit them. It would be impossible.</p>

      <p>Well, in the end, I’d be able to just use Pressure to intimidate the weaklings into submission.</p>

      <p>“Change of plans. Our new heading is the dark continent...” I paused. “The Devil King’s castle.”</p>

      <p>As soon as I gave my orders, the argonautai hurriedly got to work, turning to our new heading.</p>

      <p><em>Now then, I wonder how this’ll turn out? Will it be fortune or misfortune? Either way, all that’s left is to accept what happens and keep moving forward.</em></p>

      <h1>16</h1>

      <p>It took no time at all to find the Devil King’s castle. Apparently, the argonautai had known of it for a long time now. Well, I suppose it would only be natural for Castor to have at least looked up the location of the enemy’s stronghold in these past two hundred years of flying around. It was situated in a wasteland on the dark continent with an especially high concentration of mana, and it looked like a large black castle that dominated the cliff it stood on. <em>Yep, it just screams, “I’m the final dungeon!”</em></p>

      <p>A bunch of monsters that mostly just looked scary were flying around on patrol. Meanwhile, dark clouds constantly blocked out sunlight, making sure that it was always nighttime in the surroundings. Thunder rumbled through the area, completing the scene.</p>

      <p><em>It’s actually so according to template that it’s rare to see these days. Also, every time I see a castle like this, the first thing that pops into my mind is that, like, couldn’t you just collapse the cliff and defeat all the weak enemies inside all at once? Not like I’d do that here though. I wonder why big bads, like demon kings and stuff, love to build on top of sheer cliffs. Wouldn’t it just be, like, super inconvenient? Honestly, I wouldn’t live there.</em></p>

      <p><em>Also, like, I’m not sure how to feel seeing just a castle in the middle of nowhere without any sort of capital or anything surrounding it. He’s a king, so of course he’s gotta be collecting taxes to live off of, but wouldn’t this make it really hard to collect those taxes? Come on, build your stuff closer to a town at least. </em>I considered things for a moment before internally admitting, <em>Well, I shouldn’t really be talking, though, given where Maphaahl tower is.</em></p>

      <p>“Now then, what now?” asked Benet. “We could just bombard them from afar.”</p>

      <p>“Wait just a second. We didn’t actually come here to fight. As long as they don’t try anything, it should be fine to act peacefully. That being said, this somewhat-gloomy atmosphere is not great, is it?”</p>

      <p>I looked up at the sky and shot some magic at it. It was just a simple, low-ranking spell, but it was enough to scatter the clouds. That single attack from me didn’t leave even a speck of those dark clouds behind, and now the bright sun shined down upon the whole area. <em>Good, it’s brighter now.</em></p>

      <p>I felt kind of guilty, seeing as how they tried so hard to bring about a last-dungeon-style atmosphere, but I preferred things brighter than that. However, just as I was feeling happy with myself, I noticed Benet glaring at me, looking like she had a bone to pick. <em>Ah, crap. I forgot she doesn’t like the sunlight.</em></p>

      <p>She snapped her fingers, and in an instant, the bright noon sun changed into night. <em>So she used the moon-element spell “Moonlit Night,” huh? She really does just fling around high-level magic like it’s nothing.</em></p>

      <p>All my effort was wasted. “Benet—” I began, before being cut off.</p>

      <p>“Shut up. Let’s go.”</p>

      <p>I was about to complain, but Benet just went off on her own, showing that she wasn’t willing to listen. Apparently, she was planning on just barging straight in. Well, trying to sneak around and find a back entrance to infiltrate from didn’t seem worth it at this point, so I also agreed with the straightforward approach.</p>

      <p>As we approached the castle, the monsters that were on patrol mobbed us, but they turned pale and ran as soon as Benet so much as looked at them. She didn’t have the Pressure skill, but the monsters probably simply felt an instinctive fear for their lives. Truthfully, running was a great decision on their part. If they’d closed by even a meter—no, half that—then they would have definitely been sliced to ribbons.</p>

      <p>When we reached the castle, we were stopped by an enormous steel door blocking our way. The door was over ten meters in size, enough for even a giant to fit through. Normally, this would be the moment where we would use an item or something to open the door, but we didn’t need to worry about that. Benet simply put her hand to the door and forced it open with her strength alone. The lock? Oh, that. That was instantly squished out of shape. <em>I wonder if it was made out of tofu?</em></p>

      <p>“N-No way. That huge door... With her bare hands?!”</p>

      <p>“That thing was made out of steel!”</p>

      <p>“It should have weighed over fifty tons... Sh-she’s a monster!”</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, yeah. Thanks for the commentary.</em> I just applied a quick Pressure skill on the paling devilfolk who were on the other side of the door and sent them to the floor. <em>Don’t move a muscle, you hear? If you do, Benet’ll kill you.</em></p>

      <p>As we entered, we were, of course, greeted by a gaggle of devilfolk guards, but they honestly didn’t matter.</p>

      <p>“You’re in the way. Leave,” I said.</p>

      <p><em>And boom goes the Pressure. </em>The guards, who were wearing sets of heavy-looking armor, instantly flattened onto the ground unmoving.</p>

      <p>We passed by them and looked in on the meaninglessly wide interior of the castle. We were currently in the reception hall, and there were an aggravatingly large number of paths available to us. First off, there were three passages to the left and right that led to who knew where for a total of six passages. There was also a set of stairs in front of us as well as two doors flanking the stairs on the bottom floor. Midway through the stairway was a picture of the Devil King, which the stairway split in two around, and at the top of the stairs were a further four passages on each side for a total of eight.</p>

      <p>At this point, there were a total of sixteen ways we could go, and I was sure that each one we took would further branch off into places like barracks for the guards, kitchens, training rooms, and the like. This layout seemed appropriate for the final dungeon of an RPG, and I was impressed with how the heroes in those games could stand to cover all this area, all while dealing with random encounters.</p>

      <p>“There’s way too many paths,” Benet said, annoyed.</p>

      <p><em>She’s right. Checking each and every one of these would take too long. Is this complicated layout here in order to thwart invaders?</em> I’d heard from somewhere that buildings like this were made purposefully obtuse so that any invaders couldn’t just immediately reach their most important goals.</p>

      <p>“Searching around would be annoying. Let’s have one of them guide us.”</p>

      <p>Benet chose a random devilfolk from the ones prone around us and grabbed him by the nape of the neck. The pitiful devilfolk with a mohawk who was chosen was crying and shaking in his boots. He was an enemy, but I couldn’t help but sympathize. Still, I agreed with the idea of using a guide.</p>

      <p>“Do you know of the Devil King’s whereabouts? We promise to let you go unharmed if you show us the way. Will you do so?” I offered.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes... H-Happily...”</p>

      <p>Benet and I made our way through this complicated castle with a guide in tow. We went through passages, navigated twists and turns, went up and down stairs, through doors, and then more stairs... <em>Goddamn, isn’t this just way too complicated even for a place like this? What is this, a labyrinth?</em></p>

      <p>After about ten minutes of walking, Benet had reached the limits of her patience. It was obvious to all that she was unhappy. “Hey, how long until we get there?”</p>

      <p>“R-Right! It’s just up ahead!” The guide said, pointing to where the passage ended.</p>

      <p>The end of the passage opened up to a drop with the bottom filled with countless spikes, complete with bones of things that had been caught in its trap scattered about.</p>

      <p>“I-It’s made so that you won’t be able to cross unless someone keeps the lever on the right side. I-I’ll stay here and operate the lever for you, so please go on ahead.”</p>

      <p><em>So final bosses in this world like to make attractions like this, huh? What do they think this is, a theme park? Wouldn’t this just make daily life awful? I know the trope though. This is the sort of thing that forces one of the party to leave right before the final battle.</em></p>

      <p>Once the lever was flipped, a bridge came from the other side. <em>Honestly, we can just jump this gap. But he’s being so nice, so why not just walk it? </em>Or so I thought, but as soon as we got on the bridge, our guide pushed some sort of button, instantly causing electricity to arc across the bridge.</p>

      <p>“H-Hya ha ha ha ha ha! You iiiiidiots! You fell for it hook, line, and sinker! You’re taking a billion volts and five hundred thousand amperes! It doesn’t matter how strong you are. You’ll be crispy meat in no time! I did it, Your Majesty! I killed the Conqueror and the Vampire Princess!”</p>

      <p>Our guide was laughing uproariously, almost delirious with happiness. But to me, he just seemed sad. Certainly this trap would have worked on any normal person, but unfortunately, we weren’t exactly normal. <em>A billion volts is like, what, a normal lightning bolt? I mean, that is pretty impressive if you think about it, but... Isn’t this world a place where people can shoot spells left and right that do the same thing? Any fantasy will have the option to shoot lightning, and anyone who eats it’ll just keep going and attack back, you know? </em>Not to mention this fantasy world had its power balance twisted into knots.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t puzzle out why he thought this would beat us. I shrugged, and Benet sighed exasperatedly. Also, the electricity hadn’t stopped yet.</p>

      <p>I remained silent a moment longer, then looked to Benet for an opinion. “Or so he says... What do you think?”</p>

      <p>“Well, I figured it’d be something like this,” Benet said.</p>

      <p>“Wha—?!”</p>

      <p>To be fair, I did kind of feel like he was taking us for a ride sometime during our walk. There was no way the path would be that complicated. It was only on the level of vaguely thinking that he was plotting something, but the result was obvious in hindsight. We had been easily caught in the trap.</p>

      <p>“You did well up until now. You’re relieved of your duty.”</p>

      <p>“Wh-Wha—?! W-Wait a second, please! This was just a sudden impulse! I-I won’t do it anymore! I’ll guide you! I’ll serve you! I’ll even lick your shoes! P-Please...”</p>

      <p>That was all he managed to get out. Benet made a forehead-flicking motion without moving from where she was and sent the guide’s head flying. <em>Ew, gross.</em></p>

      <p>“So, what now?” I asked. “It’s unlikely that we’ve been going the right way up until now.”</p>

      <p>“We might as well keep going for now. If it’s wrong, we can just turn back. By the way, Maphaahl, have you been mapping this place?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, just in case.”</p>

      <p>Prompted by Benet, I took a piece of paper out. I’d mapped out our route up until now, just in case. After all, I did have class levels in Ranger. Due to my Ranger skills, the accuracy of my map was unrivaled, and every wall and passage of this castle was rendered perfectly.</p>

      <p>However, the map had been ruined.</p>

      <p>We both stared at it in silence. Benet, I, and the clothes we wore were not so weak as to be harmed even in the slightest by this electricity, but the paper I’d been using to map with was different. Of course, it couldn’t withstand this current. Yeah, this was a situation where we should be praising the enemy rather than blaming any carelessness on my part. <em>Oh man, that guide really had a good plan going.</em> To think he’d manage to ruin my map.</p>

      <p>“Now then, let’s get going,” I said.</p>

      <p>“Not going to even bother making any excuses?” asked Benet.</p>

      <p>“Don’t sweat the small stuff. More importantly, let’s get out of this trap. It’s still only in the single digits, but We are taking damage from this thing.”</p>

      <p>“As careless as always...”</p>

      <p><em>Ah— Ah— Can’t hear you—! </em>People grow by making mistakes. We mustn’t get hung up on every little one.</p>

      <p>We crossed the bridge and got out of the electric trap. And what was waiting for us was a dead end. It wasn’t surprising, though. We’d already suspected this was the wrong way.</p>

      <p>“Oh well. Let’s go back.”</p>

      <p>“Why not try just going on a rampage? Then we could make him come to us.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s make that a last resort. No harm in searching a little bit more.”</p>

      <p>Benet and I continued our conversation as we walked back over the bridge, once again experiencing its shocking charge. <em>It doesn’t hurt all that much, but I wish it would stop messing with my hair. </em>I tried to fix my hair by using my hands as a comb as we came upon the last branch before the trap.</p>

      <p>As we arrived, we found a devilfolk girl waiting for us with an exasperated expression. She had wavy brown hair, wore plain gray robes, and happened to be a slightly higher level than the other devilfolk. Of course, she was still no match for Benet and I.</p>

      <p>She watched us a moment longer, then said, “I’d heard all this already, but you two really are just the most monstrous of monsters, aren’t you? Why are you just walking through that trap like it’s nothing...? You know it has the same strength as a bolt of lightning...”</p>

      <p>“Who’re you?”</p>

      <p>“I am one of the Seven Luminaries, Saturnus of Earth. I don’t plan to fight you, not that any resistance I could put up would even count as a fight. I was ordered by His Majesty the Devil King to bring you to him.”</p>

      <p><em>Ah, I see. One of the Seven Luminaries. No wonder her level was a bit higher. But her offer to guide us is a saving grace. Let’s not look a gift horse in the mouth.</em></p>

      <p>I looked over at Benet, and she also nodded her assent. “That’d be great. We’re counting on you.”</p>

      <p>Saturnus paused. “You’re not suspicious? It might be a trap.”</p>

      <p>“If it is, you’ll just die,” Benet replied.</p>

      <p>I wasn’t totally unguarded though. All this time, I’d had the ranger skill, Trap Search, activated at level 1. In return for costing SP to keep activated, which was deducted at steady intervals, this skill would detect traps while it was on, and there were 5 levels to it. Of course, the higher the level of skill you used, the more sensitive the skill would be, and the more hungry for SP the skill would become.</p>

      <p>I was using level 1, which would only detect traps which would end in death. Meanwhile, I could feel free to just trip all the other ones. It was doubtful whether a trap existed that could kill me instantly, but theoretically, a trap that would teleport me to the midst of empty space with nothing around would kill me... I think it would, anyway.</p>

      <p>However, being hurt was treated much lighter in games, and as long as you didn’t actually die, you could just heal through things. That was why I would simply use level 1 of the skill to keep myself from dying, and then just heal-tank through everything else. This was the bread-and-butter dungeon-delving style for high-level players. To be honest, at high levels, it was much faster and more efficient to just trip a trap than to spend time disarming each and every one. The higher the level of the user, the higher the level of the search skill. But at the same time, the higher the level of the user, the more they would want to use the low-level version. The game balance was quite bad.</p>

      <p>After some time spent walking in the castle, we eventually came upon an iron door that gave off a stronger feeling of presence than the others. <em>No, it’s not the door... It’s who’s on the other side.</em></p>

      <p>“Now, please, go right on through,” said Saturnus as she slowly opened the door.</p>

      <h1>17</h1>

      <p>Having been led by the Seven Luminary of Earth, or whatever her title was, we were shown into a large room that seemed like it could fit a hundred people inside. On the other side of the room from the entrance was a throne, which was currently being occupied by the Devil King, still looking the same as ever. He raised his head to look at us as we entered and spoke to Saturnus.</p>

      <p>“Well done. Leave us now.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Your Majesty!”</p>

      <p>With the order from the Devil King, Saturnus quickly left.</p>

      <p><em>What confidence. He doesn’t even want one guard. To be fair though, no guard would make a difference, but given that he’s totally fine with facing the two of us at once, he must be quite confident.</em></p>

      <p>The Devil King then looked at us and let out a small laugh as he stood up. Then he picked up a table that was in the corner of the room and carried it over to the center before sitting down.</p>

      <p>“You aren’t going to use the throne?”</p>

      <p>“That’s to show my authority for when my subjects come. Of course, I wouldn’t normally be sitting in that thing all the time.”</p>

      <p><em>He has a point.</em> But if that was how he thought, then he should have just made a separate audience room and put the throne there. <em>Why is it in his personal room?</em> At any rate, Benet and I sat down at the table facing the Devil King. <em>Sitting with the final boss who’s ignoring his throne to sit on a regular chair with us feels incredibly surreal...</em></p>

      <p>“I believe I know why you two have come. You’re chasing Dina, no?”</p>

      <p>“The fact that you know that name means that you really...”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I knew who she was, as well as what she was after.”</p>

      <p>He easily admitted to something preposterous, though it was obvious with just a little thought. There was no way the Devil King wouldn’t notice all that sneaking around, so the fact that she still received zero punishment or censure meant that he was, well, an accomplice. Of course, there was the possibility that the Devil King had all the perceptive powers of a deaf bat, but that had now been proven definitely false.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, then you know that she is the Goddess’s avatar, don’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed.”</p>

      <p>“Then you are on the Goddess’s side?”</p>

      <p>This world had been subjected to countless repetitions of the same farce of a heroic tale, and the ones to liven it up and make it more exciting had always been this man in front of Pollux and us. Pollux would stand with the hero on the side of justice, while the Devil King would play the role of the villain and fight the hero. In the end, the Devil King would pretend to be defeated while dealing a fatal blow to the hero, and with the hero’s noble sacrifice, the world would be saved. Then, once the villain had been forgotten by all, he would reemerge with a new name and identity to once again threaten the world. <em>Yep. It’s a farce through and through, a badly written play for children.</em></p>

      <p>However, one of the actors hated her role from the bottom of her heart and turned against the Goddess. But how did the Devil King feel? Was he still on the Goddess’s side, or did he feel the same as Pollux? I considered this for a moment. <em>Well, I guess it’s obvious.</em></p>

      <p>“Do you really believe so?” the Devil King asked.</p>

      <p>“No, not at all,” I answered, being honest.</p>

      <p>Yes, in my estimation, he’d long since defected against the Goddess. If he hadn’t, then he would never have leaked information to me that was that disadvantageous to the Goddess. What I didn’t understand was why he’d left Dina, who was the Goddess’s avatar, alone. Back then... When he had tried to tell me something, Dina had interrupted us, so Dina should really be on the Goddess’s side, but he’d never stopped her. He had even let her continue to pretend to be Venus after that interruption. That was the part I just didn’t understand. Also, I still had yet to figure out his goal.</p>

      <p>“Would you tell us why you betrayed the Goddess?”</p>

      <p>“It’s not really all that special a reason. I just got bored of it.” The Devil King rested his chin in his hand as he chuckled, narrowing his eyes. “I finally got tired of maintaining harmony and pretending to lose every time, even though I had the power to win. Isn’t it only natural to want to try controlling the plot yourself? I just prioritized my desire for power and control... That’s all.”</p>

      <p>I paused, incredulous, before asking, “Really?”</p>

      <p>“Really. There’s no other reason.” The Devil King laughed fearlessly as he confessed his ambitions, making him look the very picture of the archenemy of humanity.</p>

      <p><em>I wonder why, but I just don’t believe him when he says that’s his real goal. In fact, it looked to me like he was purposely playing the fool in order to hide his true intentions. I still can’t tell what those “true intentions” are, but he’s definitely trying to protect something. That’s the feeling I get. Something that he wants to protect... Enough to defy the Goddess and stop this preestablished act of losing over and over... Maybe...</em></p>

      <p>“By the way, that son of yours, Terra, has been raised very well, hasn’t he?” I tried asking.</p>

      <p>There was no change in his expression. <em>I guess that wouldn’t be enough to shake him up, huh? </em></p>

      <p>“He’s a foolish son unworthy of being a devilfolk, I’m embarrassed to say.”<em> </em>He looked directly at me as he spoke, sounding amused. “You look a lot better since the last time I saw you. It seems as if you’ve regained much more of yourself by now.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks to you. She also managed to hit some sense into me as well.”</p>

      <p>“But you aren’t fully back yet.”</p>

      <p>“Correct.”</p>

      <p>I still recognized myself as me. As long as I could make that distinction, Lufas Maphaahl was not fully back. Up until now, I hadn’t been able to exhibit even half the power of Lufas at her best, though that was still enough to kill most enemies. So far, the only people I’m in danger of losing to are Benet, the ouroboroses, the Goddess, and the Devil King right in front of me.</p>

      <p>“I’m looking forward to when we’ll inevitably fight.”</p>

      <p>“Is there really a need to?”</p>

      <p>“Of course there is. I’ll warn you now: don’t think that the enemy of your enemy is your friend in this case. While I have indeed rebelled against the Goddess, I have in no way surrendered to you.” The Devil King paused. “This world doesn’t need two rulers. As those who seek to conquer, the both of us will eventually need to have it out with the world on the line.”</p>

      <p><em>The world, huh? You say that, but you’ve been taking it pretty damn easy with your invasion so far, haven’t you? </em>If he was actually serious about it, he’d have taken much more of the world by now. Actually, depending on the circumstances, he might have already had to fight with Benet and one of them would have been gone by the time I came around. The fact that this hadn’t happened yet meant that he wasn’t serious about conquering the world. There had to be some other goal of his. <em>It’s almost like dragging this out is his goal... </em>I thought.</p>

      <p>“Then why not settle things here and now? If you want, I can be your opponent instead.” Benet, who had up until now been quiet, suddenly spoke up. When she did, the atmosphere in the room instantly became tense, and the windows in the room suddenly cracked.</p>

      <p>The Devil King didn’t react to that, though it was clear he was ramping up for a fight, just like Benet was. Any normal person would’ve found it hard to breathe.</p>

      <p>While bathing in this tense atmosphere, the Devil King made an extremely obvious subject change. “Dina left me a message for you.”</p>

      <p><em>I suppose that means he doesn’t want to fight just yet. </em>Honestly, if we were to fight right now, he’d be double-teamed by both Benet and me, so he would have almost no chance to win. His decision to avoid a fight was wise. Benet wouldn’t want a victory due to numbers either, so when the Devil King didn’t respond to her provocation, she stopped her belligerent aura with a bored expression.</p>

      <p>“She says: ‘I will be waiting for you in the place we first met, which exists somewhere within your memories.’”</p>

      <p>“The place we first met?” I unconsciously repeated the message.</p>

      <p>I remembered the first place we met; it was Maphaahl Tower. That was where I first saw Dina, and where everything had begun. But I’d already checked Maphaahl Tower, and Dina hadn’t been there. <em>So where is she? What place could Dina possibly be referring to?</em> Unable to figure it out, I ended up sinking into silence.</p>

      <p>“We have received the message. Sorry for intruding.”</p>

      <p>It seemed that Dina wasn’t here, but we had received a hint. <em>The place where I first met Dina, someplace I remember...huh?</em></p>

      <p>I didn’t even know where to begin, but I had time to piece it together. Also, I wouldn’t be able to borrow someone else’s wisdom on this either, since the answer was in my memories and my memories alone.</p>

      <p>“Are you leaving?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. From the fact that she left behind a hint, it looks like she’s rather prone to bouts of loneliness,” I said.</p>

      <p>This was a message from Dina to me. She was telling me to hurry and find her, even though she was the one who had hidden. <em>It’s like she’s a child who’s really good at hide and seek but still wants to be found quickly anyway. </em>When I thought of it like that, the whole thing started to seem really silly for some reason. I was being led around by the nose, but in the end, I couldn’t bring myself to resent her.</p>

      <p>“I see. I suppose you’ll have solved everything by the time we next meet.”</p>

      <p>“Probably.”</p>

      <p>The Devil King laughed challengingly, and I smiled in return. Surely the next time we saw each other, it wouldn’t be this peaceful. The next time we met, it would be as enemies. Both the Devil King and I knew that, but that was exactly why we laughed now.</p>

      <p>“Then until next time, Orm.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Until next time, Lufas.”</p>

      <p>I stood up from my seat and Benet followed suit. She seemed quite bored by now, and the relief that it was finally over was written all over her face. As we made our way towards the exit, the guards seemed completely terrified as they opened up a path for us, and we left through the same door we came in.</p>

      <p>“Right then. Do you have any idea where she is?” Benet questioned.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go back to Maphaahl Tower for now. Maybe there was something we missed,” I replied, naming a place that we’d already visited once even though I didn’t actually believe she’d be there.</p>

      <p>But there was no other place I could think of where I could possibly have met Dina first. The first thing I had seen when arriving in this world was Laevateinn’s throne, but Dina wasn’t there. From there, I’d taken flight for the first time, reached my tower, and met her. <em>Yeah, no matter how many times I go over it in my head, Maphaahl Tower’s the first place I met her. There’s no place else. I hope there’s at least some sort of hint that we missed there, but...</em></p>

      <p>I had the <em>Argo</em> make for Maphaahl Tower, and we once again reentered humanity’s sphere.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“I bet she’s searching Maphaahl Tower right about now,” Dina muttered, smiling with her blue hair swaying in the wind.</p>

      <p>As she walked, the people around her stopped, unable to prevent themselves from turning around and taking a second look. While her good looks definitely played a part, the biggest reason would be the color of her hair. Of the people around her, ninety percent of their hair colors were black. Every once in a while, there was one with dyed brown or blonde hair, but their original color would also be black. There wasn’t a single person with natural blue hair, like Dina. In the first place, blue hair was an impossibility as far as genes were concerned, so given that piece of common knowledge, the fact that she wasn’t cosplaying made her definitively unreal.</p>

      <p>Dina simply continued to walk, unconcerned with their stares, as she thought back to events two hundred years ago. <em>I was still a doll back then. With no sense of self, I seriously believed that I was a temporary body of the Goddess that was left on the earth. To me, “Dina” was just the name given by the parents used to birth me, and my real name was actually Alovenus.</em></p>

      <p>It was true that she was the Goddess’s avatar, and she had retained both the memories and personality of the Goddess. So to her, there was no reason to doubt her memories, and she’d never once thought of herself as herself. However, it had all come crashing down two hundred years ago—201 years ago, to be exact. It had been one year before the betrayal of the Seven Heroes. Back then, Dina had finally awoken her sense of self and was truly born to the world. Now, she was undoubtedly moving under her own will.</p>

      <p>She’d purposefully strayed from the Goddess’s script, though she took care to do it in small enough ways for the Goddess not to notice. Nobody else knew what her goal was, and who she was doing it all for. Was it for Lufas? For the Goddess? Or possibly for some unknown third party? The answer was a complete mystery.</p>

      <p>Self-propelled boxes moved across well-maintained roads, and the sides of the street were crammed tight with stores sporting various signs. There were high-rise buildings so tall it seemed like they stretched up to heaven, and the streets were filled with salarymen going to work and students going to school—Dina was walking through the streets of Japan, and she eventually disappeared into the hustle and bustle of the city.</p>

      <h1>18</h1>

      <p><em>Oh no, what do I do? I can’t find any clues.</em></p>

      <p>We once again searched Maphaahl Tower from top to bottom, but it was astounding how little we found. I’d hoped that she might have at least left some sort of small clue, but there was absolutely nothing, and now that we’d finished, I was completely lost. This was definitely the place Dina and I had first met. If there was nothing here, I had no idea where I should look.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Maphaahl, do you really have no clue where to look at all?” asked Benet.</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately not. What should we do...?”</p>

      <p>“Not really sure what’s going on, but this Dina person is this Goddess’s avatar, right? Then maybe she used her memory manipulation to implant some sort of information only you could remember inside you? If she didn’t, why would she include ‘in your memory’ in that message?” Benet proposed, but it didn’t help in the end.</p>

      <p>“You make a good point, but...”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know what I didn’t know. Sure, I had been told it was in my memories, but as far as I remembered, this tower was where I had met Dina. If we went back any further than that, I’d go back to Japan when I had just been “me,” back when I had seen Alovenus in the game, and she brought me to this world...</p>

      <p>“Ah.” I couldn’t stop myself from making a noise.</p>

      <p><em>No, wait a second. Wait just a second... Right, this world wasn’t the first place I met Dina! It was in the other world...in Japan of Earth, in ‘my’ room before I became Lufas. It was through my computer screen, when I first placed her as a decoration in Maphaahl Tower! Is that really the answer? Is she seriously on Earth and not Mizgarz? If that really is the case, then no one other than me would ever realize this.</em></p>

      <p>“Never mind, We do have one idea.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? Where?”</p>

      <p>“The other world.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>Benet made a face that said, “The hell is she saying?” But even I wasn’t completely sure. Since we couldn’t find Dina no matter how hard we searched Maphaahl Tower, that was the only idea I had left. <em>Yeah, Dina’s gotta be on Earth, probably in Japan...in the place I used to live or at least near it. And I have a way to get there.</em></p>

      <p><em>I should be able to overcome time and space to get to the other side using Exgate.</em> <em>After all, that was exactly how the kid, Sei, was summoned to this world.</em> The answer was so obvious I should have done it earlier. In order to reconnect with my roots, I should have gone back at least once. The reason I hadn’t was probably because I myself rejected the idea. I was probably more afraid of the truth than anyone else.</p>

      <p>“There is another planet, another world that is not this one,” I admitted. “Dina is probably there.”</p>

      <p>“Another world, huh?” Benet paused. “Hmm, sounds interesting. There might be some people there worth fighting.”</p>

      <p>Benet smiled belligerently, so I had to warn her against it. “No, there won’t be. Please just don’t go wild over there.”</p>

      <p>I felt sorry for her, but there was definitely nobody on the other side who could come even close to fighting Benet. Earthlings had an incredibly low ceiling for physical prowess because they’d regressed, thanks to the progress of society and the convenience of their daily lives. You hear about it a lot, don’t you? How there’s a huge difference in the endurance and pure strength between modern and ancient humans?</p>

      <p>There were now living spaces in which the inhabitants could freely control the temperature inside, not to mention methods of transportation like cars, buses, and trains. And as long as one wasn’t dedicated to playing a sport, it wasn’t uncommon for a person to not leave their house for days at a time. All that was the proof of peace, something that could only be done because they were ahead of Mizgarz. Even America, the greatest of the major powers of the world and possessing the world’s most powerful military, was famous for claiming that pizza was a vegetable dish and creating a nation of obesity.</p>

      <p>All that was great, but it of course made for a drastic and unfortunate drop in physical ability. Earthlings couldn’t even be compared with the people of Mizgarz. They were even weak compared to past humans from their own world. <em>Also, pizza is not a vegetable dish.</em></p>

      <p>In my estimation—and it was only an estimation—the best fighters from Earth known the world over wouldn’t even be over level 5 in Mizgarz. From what I’d heard, the bones of a person from Earth wouldn’t allow them to lift anything over five hundred kilograms, no matter how strong they were. Compared to that, Mizgarz was completely messed up. As long as your level went up, you could lift anything. I’d never tested myself in full, but I was at least strong enough to throw the Dragon King like a paper ball with a single hand.</p>

      <p>I was also worried about the laws of physics there. From what I could tell, the Goddess must have gotten rid of those laws here, since they weren’t doing any work at all. Even if Benet and I were to make a round trip around Mizgarz in less than a second, it would be fine, but if we were to try that on Earth, things would probably end in disaster. In the worst case, we could destroy all life. We wouldn’t have to worry too much about fighting on the other side, but if it ever came down to that, we’d have to slow down a lot. Otherwise, things would get really bad.</p>

      <p>All this was a long way of saying that if Benet was to go on a rampage over there, the Earth would be in danger. In the worst case, she could bust straight through Earth and endanger the rest of space as well.</p>

      <p>“We suppose we should ask: will you be joining us?”</p>

      <p>“That’s the plan.”</p>

      <p>“Then please, behave yourself over there. And make sure you never, ever move at the same speed as you would in Mizgarz.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean by that?”</p>

      <p>I had knowledge of both this world and the other one, so I knew how bad things could turn out if we were to seriously move while on the other side. However, Benet had none of that knowledge, which meant that, to her, common sense said that it didn’t matter what speed she moved at. If I didn’t correct that assumption first, I’d be far too scared to bring her over.</p>

      <p>As an example, I first used the Grappler skill, Shine Blow, in a random direction. This skill was one of my sure-hit skills, and as its name implied, you punched at the speed of light in order to produce a blow that could never be dodged. Also, this “speed of light” was not absolute but relative. For example, if I were to compress my internal time to ten percent of real time before using this skill, it would still be “the speed of light” from my perspective. This meant that it was possible to actually strike far faster than the speed of light.</p>

      <p>My attack gouged out a line like it was a shovel, reaching all the way past the horizon, but that was it. The world itself was completely fine.</p>

      <p>“Put simply, an attack like this would destroy the world on the other side.”</p>

      <p>There was a moment of silence before Benet said, “Well, that’s only natural if someone like you were to punch with all their might. You could probably collapse a star.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not what We mean. No matter where you aim it, if a person—or rather, a person-sized mass—were to pass the speed of light, it would all be over. The shock wave from the sheer speed would happen just like here, but its scale would be completely different. Even if you just break the sound barrier, it will cause a disaster. In fact, people theorize that it would destroy galaxies, not just planets. Though We are not an expert in that field.”</p>

      <p>Benet pondered this silently, only to eventually react with, “Just how fragile can a world get? Wouldn’t it be impossible for a punch that doesn’t even hit to destroy something?” Benet seemed half in disbelief and half in exasperation, but I was sure that we were the strange ones for not understanding.</p>

      <p>While we talked, I was once again impressed by how tough Mizgarz was. It was exactly because this world was so messed up that Benet and I could fight at full force. If it weren’t, then we would probably have had to seal our own powers because they’d be too great.</p>

      <p>Either way though, it was hard to believe that we would have to fight on the other side at all. In fact, we’d have to be extremely careful not to accidentally kill anybody over there. No joke, we could kill someone just by bumping into their shoulder... To the people on the other side, Benet and I were basically like a certain plumber with a red hat permanently under the effect of an invincibility star...</p>

      <p>“And so, you will have to wear these as insurance. We will be doing the same.”</p>

      <p>Using Exgate, I retrieved a set of bangles and handed one to Benet while wearing the other one myself. It was a limited item available only to those who’d taken part in the event it was given out during, named “Infinity.” Its effect was to set all SP costs of all skills to 1 when equipped, so while it wasn’t truly infinite, it was a broken item that made skills cost basically nothing to use.</p>

      <p>However, the drawback of the item was just as severe. It debuffed all the wearer’s stats down to just ten percent of their original numbers, so it had almost no viability in real combat, and its main use was just to enhance pre-battle buffs and preparations. Even then, it would still be faster to just use your buffs and skills without bothering with the bangle and recover your SP afterward, so it basically had no use at all.</p>

      <p>With this, our stats would at least drop to the mere triple digits, and we’d be somewhat comparable to the Seven Luminaries. Well, we still wouldn’t lose to them, even with this thing on, though.</p>

      <p>“Oh... We should also match our clothing to the other side.”</p>

      <p>We looked like cosplayers to the other side the way we were dressed now, so it would probably be best to make new clothes to match their sense of style.</p>

      <p>Benet and I returned to the <em>Argo</em> to change clothes. It didn’t feel nice to lose our equipment effects, but there was no way I could walk around Japan in my dress. Even the clothes I’d gotten from Megrez were fashioned around fantasy aesthetics, and they wouldn’t fit in the other world. On that point, the dress shirt and skirt that Benet was wearing might have actually fit in with the other world, but I had her change anyway, just in case.</p>

      <p>“Well, this looks about right.”</p>

      <p>“What a strange design.”</p>

      <p>While checking my appearance in the mirror, I felt some satisfaction at how much I looked like I would blend in. I was wearing a red hoodie and jeans. Also, my hoodie was the type with pockets. <em>Don’t tell me it’s lame. It’s got the perfect amount of lame. I like it. Also, it’s really nice and easy to move around in.</em> Though it was more like my usual dress was too hard to move around in. I wore it because the effect was strong and the material was tough, but it was really hard to throw out kicks and the like. I wore my hair in a ponytail and didn’t bother with fake glasses. There wouldn’t be anyone there who would recognize me, after all.</p>

      <p>Benet’s look hadn’t changed all that much. She wore a white dress shirt and a black skirt with tights underneath. <em>She’ll calmly throw out kicks even with a short skirt... I’m seriously worried. </em>Benet also had a black long coat to wear on top of her getup.</p>

      <p>“Now then, let’s go.”</p>

      <p>I stood on top of the <em>Argo</em>’s deck, gathering magic in my right hand and divine power in the left. I combined the two together and let them repel each other, using that reaction to tear a hole in space. By doing so, an Exgate large enough to let people pass through appeared before us.</p>

      <p>Normally, the other side would lead somewhere on Mizgarz, but this time was different. I bore the hole deeper and deeper, past the world of Mizgarz—no, past the universe itself. I bore a hole through space to escape this world. This Exgate would cross worlds to the other side, where Earth was waiting.</p>

      <p>I had no need to calculate coordinates. After all, Mizgarz was also located in the same place relative to Earth in the solar system. We had a sun, a moon, a Mars, and a Mercury, which meant I could use the same coordinates. The place we stood right now in Mizgarz also existed on Earth. Though to be more precise, it was on the flip side. I didn’t know which side was the front and which was the back, but in the end, as long as I bored a hole straight through to the other side, we’d be golden. And the reason why I knew all this when I shouldn’t was most likely because Dina really had implanted something inside me.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, Benet.” I held my hand out to Benet, causing her to look puzzled.</p>

      <p>Soon enough, she asked, “What’s up with the hand?”</p>

      <p>“Just take it. Your permission is needed to use the Exgate. If it somehow runs out mid-travel then you’ll be stuck in between two worlds. If you refuse now then We will just determine that it will be impossible to take you along and go ourselves.”</p>

      <p>After a long moment of silence, Benet reluctantly laid her hand on top of mine before looking away.</p>

      <p><em>Do you really hate holding hands with me that much? Well, there’s no point in asking about it now. She’s always been an enemy to me, so this is probably on the amazingly sweet side actually.</em></p>

      <p>With the crew of the <em>Argo’s</em> wishes of “good luck” and “be careful” pushing us along, Benet and I jumped through the Exgate, hand in hand, and pierced further and further through the veil.</p>

      <p>Further and deeper we went, farther than any normal movement would ever get you. By passing through a boundary and a space that physical movement would not be able to replicate, I was able to feel the magic and divine power that this world was filled with more strongly than any time before. This space, which probably had nothing in it originally, had most likely been filled with magic to create matter before being supplemented with divine power to lock it into permanence. It was a truly godlike ability produced by a melding of magic and divine power that we could never imitate.</p>

      <p><em>I see. So in the end, magic and divine power are basically the same thing. It’s just the power of creation separated into what amounts to different polarities. All this time, people have been told that magic is the power to create something from nothing whereas divine power is the power to reinforce what already exists, but that’s not the truth. Magic is the power to birth something into existence, and divine power is the ability to reinforce that into permanence. Mizgarz is made of these two powers. That’s why it’s possible to break open the stuff this Mizgarz is made of and create a hole by combining magic and divine power together.</em></p>

      <p>It was kind of like overwriting saved data. By creating a similar piece of data to what was already there, it was possible to overwrite what was there previously. Through that overwriting, the old data was destroyed by the new data. Of course, the new data would settle in almost immediately, but for just a moment, there would be a space with nothing there. So in essence, the Exgate technique was the process of overwriting a part of the world to create a hole of nothing in which to pass through while the overwriting was happening. This meant that the world we lived in—rather, this entire universe we lived in—was Alovenus’s magic.</p>

      <p>What I didn’t understand was why the beings living in this world weren’t also made of magic. Though this world was entirely made of magic, the people living in it were not. Their births had nothing to do with magic. After all, if that were the case, I would have disappeared long ago. Though I’d changed somewhat due to all the mana in me, I was still different from the devilfolk.</p>

      <p>In other words, Alovenus had made the universe by combining magic and divine power before going through all the trouble of bringing in living things from elsewhere. And if I were to speculate further, those living things were most likely from Earth. That was why this place resembled Earth so closely.</p>

      <p>But why? Why bring over life from another place rather than just make it, if you’re powerful enough to create an entire universe? Was it because she was only able to create incomplete life forms, like the devilfolk?</p>

      <p>I was quiet for a long moment as I mulled this over.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Maphaahl?” asked Benet.</p>

      <p>“Nothing.”</p>

      <p>I was coming upon a truly frightening possibility, one that I desperately wished wasn’t true. But those were the exact types of things that ended up being right on the money, so I had an uncomfortable sort of certainty inside me.</p>

      <p><em>Alovenus... Maybe she’s not the actual god of creation. Maybe she’s actually the exact opposite...</em> With that thought, I started having cold sweats.</p>

      <h1>19</h1>

      <p>“Looks like this is the end. So We were a little too late in noticing...” a lone girl muttered to herself in the throne room at the top of Maphaahl Tower after a long silence.</p>

      <p>Her eyes were dull, and there was no sign of the bright girl she had been in the past when she’d traveled the world as an adventurer. She’d killed her enemies—killed and killed and killed again—believing that by doing so, peace would finally come one day. She had done anything for that ideal, and she was already used to committing deeds that others would call her a demon or a brute for.</p>

      <p><em>But it seems that I have ignored my friends far too much. I was so concentrated on looking forward that I never noticed the discontent of those who followed after me. The goddess took advantage of that, and now they’re filled with so much hatred it’s irreversible. The only one who hasn’t changed is the Vampire Princess. I honestly respect her for that steel will, but it seems the other six weren’t nearly as strong as her. Failing to notice that was my mistake. This was the result of failing to think and consider things properly under the excuse of trust. My friends’ eyes are now clouded with hatred, and they can no longer be reasoned with.</em></p>

      <p>They were still pretending to follow her, at least, but she knew that they were planning and preparing to rebel behind the scenes. She also knew that half of her army agreed with them and were prepared to raise the flag of rebellion.</p>

      <p>“It’s not over yet. I know you’d be able to beat all of them and start over.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, you’re probably right. But you know, Ophiuchus, would anyone actually be willing to follow a ruler who has killed all her friends and comrades? A lord who kills over half her friends and subjects is nothing but a tyrant. No one would bend the knee. Also, if We were to claim victory by killing all our friends and followers, We would have nothing left.” She quieted, then said, “Whether We win or lose, We lose everything. It was our loss as soon as it got to this point.”</p>

      <p>The black-winged ruler laughed in self-deprecation. Her own incompetence was laughable. Once, she’d seriously thought that she would be willing to take on the role of the evil king in order to bring about world peace. She had been willing to be a fearsome killer to her enemies, but that had just inspired fear in her own friends, and as soon as a ruler was told they weren’t worthy, they weren’t a ruler anymore. They were just a fool with a big attitude deluding themselves.</p>

      <p>“At the very least, you have the Twelve Stars. And me.”</p>

      <p>“You’re right. We suppose that’s our only saving grace.” The black-winged ruler chuckled while feeling the utmost gratitude that, even in this situation, she had precious followers who would be with her to the end. And that was exactly why she felt that the battle that was coming should not happen.</p>

      <p>If she was serious, it was possible for her to win. If she wanted to, she could crush all of them under her own power and do with their lives as she saw fit. But those heroes with the backing of the Goddess wouldn’t fall so easily. It would be great if she could use Pressure to simply make everything go her way, but they would surely have a counterplan for it. Some skills or other methods of counteracting the Pressure skill did exist. It was in no way a perfect skill.</p>

      <p>Even if the heroes were to come at her with the Goddess’s protection, she wouldn’t be defeated. But there would definitely be casualties among the Twelve Stars. In order to prevent that from happening, the best option was to leave the stage herself. <em>Things would also be settled if We were to simply kill Alioth and everyone else before any of the Twelve Stars were to fall, but We don’t think We’ll be able to do that. If We could, then We would already be an empty shell with no emotions left.</em></p>

      <p>The ruler paused before admitting, “There’s no other choice than to decide on a ‘way to lose.’”</p>

      <p>“A...way to lose?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. If they all want us to abdicate the throne so badly, then why not give them their wish? And with that deception, We can use this opportunity to find who brought this situation to bear.”</p>

      <p>“But...”</p>

      <p>“It will be a hard road for you. If you want to leave our side, now is the time.”</p>

      <p>The ruler had no intention of rebuking her, even if she left. But even in the face of that offer, the girl named Ophiuchus smiled courageously.</p>

      <p>“I will not, Miss Lufas. I will never return to being a puppet. I was just a puppet with no will of her own until I met you... You gave me my own self, so for you, I’ll deceive even the Goddess,” the girl with blue hair said, pledging her loyalty.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>The moment we crossed boundaries into the other world, a strange memory passed through my mind. <em>That was me speaking just now...but to whom? </em>Her face was indistinct, as if I was dreaming, and I couldn’t discern the girl’s identity. But her blue hair resembled the girl we were now chasing.</p>

      <p>At any rate, it looked like we had succeeded in crossing worlds. I could no longer feel magic or divine power. We were in an utterly realistic world in which the laws of physics and science were in full control. However, it was far more advanced than the fantastic world of Mizgarz, and many high-rise buildings were lined up, surrounding us. In a sense, it was far more dreamlike than Mizgarz. We were on Earth. Benet and I had descended upon Japan.</p>

      <p>“So this is the other world,” Benet muttered after a moment of quiet as she looked at our surroundings.</p>

      <p>Of course, this would be her first time seeing this sight, and it seemed even she was astonished. Metal boxes zoomed down streets, and almost every building towered high into the sky. Children played in parks with no fear of any monsters, and the air was rather filthy.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>