<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>1</h1>

      <p>Voyages tended to be exciting at first, but as soon as you got used to the novelty, you ended up with too much time on your hands and thus became bored. That held true for voyages through the sky as well.</p>

      <p>Now that we’d successfully returned Pollux—who had been possessed by the Goddess—to her senses, our next task had us riding on the <em>Argo</em>, a flying ship, in order to retrieve the remaining members of the Twelve Heavenly Stars as well as to search for Dina. This task currently had us in the skies over what humanity called the dark continent, since it was outside their sphere of habitation.</p>

      <p>At this point, there were four things left to do. First: retrieve Aquarius the Water Bearer. This was Aries, Scorpius, and Karkinos’s job. They would also be accompanied by Fenix and Hydras, who were argonautai summoned by Pollux.</p>

      <p>Second: retrieve Pisces the Fish. This would be left to Libra, Aigokeros, and Sagittarius.</p>

      <p>Third: find a way to release the devilfolk from their fate as one of the Goddess’s spells. Of course, Pollux was needed for this one. Terra and Luna would be going with her as assistants, and Virgo would also be tagging along.</p>

      <p>Lastly: find Dina, who had gone missing. I would be taking on this task, and Benet would be coming with me as well for some reason. Because of this, we’d spent about three hours zipping around the dark continent.</p>

      <p>My interest was drawn by Libra saying, “I see it,” so I brought myself up to the deck. When I arrived, I found the other members all gathered, their eyes wide upon seeing Muspelheim.</p>

      <p>Yes, we were in Muspelheim, the land where an ouroboros was currently sealed. It was a place where mana had somehow turned into fire and never returned to its original form, creating a land wrapped in everlasting flames. I didn’t understand the principle behind it. The area was over a thousand degrees Celsius, rendering it utterly unsurvivable for almost all living beings. One theory posited that this was the work of some sort of divine artifact, apparently.</p>

      <p>Libra was the one who’d told me all that though. <em>Still... You really can’t rely on rumors and hearsay, can you? </em>Ever since hearing Libra’s exposition, I’d imagined Muspelheim to be covered in literal flames, but the real thing was quite different. Rather, this was...</p>

      <p>“It’s frozen.”</p>

      <p>“Yes. It is.”</p>

      <p>The land we all looked down upon from the <em>Argo</em> was the complete opposite of what I’d imagined. It was referred to as the Burning Lands, but of all things, what I was seeing was an area frozen with a deep, sheer cold. There was a castle erected in the center of all the ice, complete with houses sprawled around it like a castle town, only everything was made of ice. Snow blanketed the ground and just seeing all that made me feel cold. <em>It looks all mysterious and wondrous from far away, but I’d never want to live there. Yeah.</em></p>

      <p>“This is probably Aquarius’s doing,” Libra guessed. “I surmise that she spread her mana and used it to overwrite the natural state of the land.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? Over all of Muspelheim?”</p>

      <p>“It would be possible for her.”</p>

      <p>“By the way, Libra, how large is Muspelheim?”</p>

      <p>“83,500 square kilometers,” said Libra.</p>

      <p><em>It’s 83,500 square kilometers... Which means it’s about as big as Hokkaido. What power, to be able to freeze an area of land that big, land which was originally over a thousand degrees to boot.</em></p>

      <p>The first person I thought of whenever the Water element came to mind was Dina, but it seemed like there were many ways to use the same element given how different Aquarius was.</p>

      <p><em>This is more like an Ice element than Water though. Well, the ice element doesn’t exist in this world, so I guess Water would be the closest.</em></p>

      <p>“We’re here then. See you soon, Miss Lufas.” Aries put one foot up on the edge of the ship, followed by Scorpius, Karkinos, Fenix, and Hydras. He probably planned to simply jump off and land in town.</p>

      <p><em>I’m sure they’ll be fine, given their physical abilities, but won’t they be cold dressed like that?</em> Aries had his arms and legs completely exposed to the elements, and Scorpius’s outfit was as revealing as always. Karkinos was the most covered up, but it still couldn’t be said to be winter clothing, even charitably. <em>They’ll probably be fine though. Still, it doesn’t hurt to make sure.</em></p>

      <p>“Now wait a second. You shouldn’t go down there in those clothes. Take these.”</p>

      <p>With that, I pulled out three sets of thick coats from Maphaahl Tower using Exgate. The coats were something I’d made long ago to wear for a Water-element boss. They boasted high resistance towards both Fire and Water, dropping any damage taken from sources with those two attributes by seventy percent. They did drop the wearer’s stats a bit, but the seventy percent cut to damage from the two elements was worth it.</p>

      <p>As an aside, my cloak reduced all elemental damage by fifty percent, so this one was actually stronger against the two applicable elements.</p>

      <p>Design-wise, the coats were colored in white, black, and red, so I gave each of them the color that best suited them. I pondered silently for a moment. <em>Scorpius’s looks haven’t changed much, even in a coat...</em></p>

      <p>“Also, take this parting gift.”</p>

      <p>I handed them weapons that I’d crafted as a way to kill time.</p>

      <p>Originally, the game <em>Exgate Online</em> didn’t allow monsters to equip things, probably for game balance, but things were different in this world. Castor, Taurus, and Sagittarius all used weapons as a matter of course, and when I actually thought about it, it was only natural that they’d be able to wield weapons, since they had hands.</p>

      <p>I handed Aries a pair of fingerless gloves. There were protrusions on each knuckle, and they were made so that when he punched, the metal would slam into the enemy. It gave +1200 STR and bestowed his attacks with the ability to pierce through elemental resistances. Using this, he’d be able to deal full damage, regardless of his target’s Fire resistance.</p>

      <p>I handed Scorpius a weapon similar to a sickle and chain. Well, it basically was a sickle and chain, but instead of a sickle on one end, there was a weapon shaped like a scorpion’s pincers. When they made contact with an enemy, they would automatically latch on to them. It was a clearly strong weapon that simply gave a bonus of +2000 ATK. It had no other special effects, but its range was long, and it was easy to use.</p>

      <p>The most trouble I had was with Karkinos. As for what I had trouble with, it was the fact that he already had weapons—the half scissor blades that he would take out of nowhere. Apparently, those were well and truly weapons. What Scorpius had wielded in the past was something made out of hardened gathered mana, but apparently Karkinos’s scissors were something he’d fashioned himself out of his own shell, so I simply improved upon his weapons. Their original stats were a simple +800 ATK, but with my improvements, his weapons now provided +1000 ATK and could hit twice. While I was at it, I added a feature that allowed him to throw the weapons and have them come back to him like a boomerang, so he was now capable of ranged attacks.</p>

      <p>I paused, considering things. <em>Hmm, but... Making weapons for these guys is a bit...</em></p>

      <p>Sagittarius, Castor, and Taurus weren’t capable of large-scale changes in form like Aries and the others were. In fact, Castor didn’t even have any other forms, while only Sagittarius’s lower half changed. Taurus probably didn’t get that big either. On the other hand, Aries, Scorpius, and Karkinos would all change into giant monsters when they got serious, and when they did so they would, of course, become unable to use the weapons I made for them. When I considered that, they probably weren’t suited to weapons in the first place. <em>Well, whatever. It’s still better than nothing. Probably, anyway.</em></p>

      <p>“M-My Lady Lufas presented me with weapons and armor...” said Scorpius. “I’ll treasure this as long as I live! I’m going to store it and make it a family treasure to be passed down and worshiped across generations!”</p>

      <p>“No, don’t store it. Use it. Why do you think We made it?”</p>

      <p>At any rate, with this, I’d managed to shore up their abilities a little. Now, even if something were to happen, they’d probably be able to deal with it on their own as long as it wasn’t of incredible magnitude. I hadn’t had time to finish the others’ equipment, but I planned to make something for everyone.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much, Miss Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“You’re welcome. Take care of Aquarius.”</p>

      <p>I gave Aries’s head a light pat to send him off. From here on out, it was up to them. Of course, I believed in them. Those three would undoubtedly be able to bring Aquarius back.</p>

      <p>“Yes!” Aries replied with gusto before finally jumping off the<em> Argo</em>.</p>

      <p>Following him, Karkinos, Fenix, and Hydras all jumped. The <em>Argo </em>was ten thousand meters above the ground at the moment, but that height would be nothing to them. They didn’t need a parachute or anything at all.</p>

      <p>I’d seen them off, but for some reason Scorpius had yet to depart. I watched her silently. She was looking rather expectant of something, but said nothing, so I patted her on the head too. Once I did, her excitement meter shot way up, and with an overjoyed cry, she jumped off the ship. <em>She never changes, does she?</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Aries and the others fell from a height of over ten thousand meters, landing a little ways away from town. Right before he landed, Aries threw out some fire, while Scorpius and Karkinos both unleashed a single kick at the ground in order to counter some of the recoil from hitting the earth after falling from so high up. Meanwhile, Fenix and Hydras had originally been able to fly, so it needn’t be said that they were fine. They elegantly made their landings a little bit apart from Aries and the other two.</p>

      <p>Now that the five of them had landed in Muspelheim, which had been transformed into a land of bitter cold, the fact that the land had been changed so thoroughly from its original form was once again impressed upon them.</p>

      <p>“Now that I’m looking at it from up close, it’s really hard to believe that this is actually Muspelheim, isn’t it?” said Aries. “It’s as if this is the far north.”</p>

      <p>“You’re right,” agreed Scorpius. “Even though this used to be a nice, warm place, its good points are now completely gone.”</p>

      <p>“True. I don’t want to disparage Lady Aquarius, but seeing Muspelheim, which used to be a paradise of fire, transformed into a frozen wasteland like this gives me complicated feelings,” said Fenix.</p>

      <p>The three Fire-aligned members—Aries, Scorpius, and Fenix—all found the original Muspelheim a comfortable place. Lufas had, in fact, considered that when splitting the teams, so this twist was completely unexpected. However, that didn’t mean she could just change the teams around. Even if she wanted to swap in Aigokeros, there was no one she could swap him in for. If she took out Aries, then she’d be leaving the two most problematic members—Scorpius and Aigokeros—to themselves, and if she took out Scorpius, then Scorpius would be paired with Libra, and that would cause problems. Karkinos was equally unremovable, because he was the lynchpin against Aquarius on the off chance it turned into a fight. In other words, they couldn’t change tack so easily, even though something unexpected had happened.</p>

      <p>“Let’s just go into town for now,” suggested Karkinos. “We need to figure out what kind of place this is.”</p>

      <p>“Sir Karkinos is right. We aren’t accomplishing anything by sitting around here,” Hydras agreed.</p>

      <p>His suggestion was actually a good one. They couldn’t move the situation forward by staying where they were, after all.</p>

      <p>No objections came from the rest of the group, so it seemed they all tacitly agreed. They walked, each step leaving footprints behind in the snow as they entered the village. They were greeted with a world of silver as far as the eye could see. The arranged buildings were all made of ice and snow, and they were all dome shaped. Each house was festooned with decorations and accessories, making for a fantastic arrangement. Even the trees which lined the roads were made of ice. Why was that? The ice trees were neatly arranged, and they had snow blooming on their branches in place of leaves.</p>

      <p>The phoenix casually snapped off a branch and proceeded to observe it, squeezing it and rubbing it with his fingers. Finally, he subjected it to heat from his palm as he observed, narrowing his eyes. “What strange ice... It doesn’t melt, even under extreme heat. I wonder if all the buildings in this place are made of the same ice.”</p>

      <p>“So beautiful...” said Hydras. “Rather than ice, it’s more like a crystal at this point... This is a crystal town.”</p>

      <p>In contrast to the phoenix, who was making an inscrutable face, Hydras was entranced, looking at the silvery village with wonder. <em>How wonderful. This shining, silver world holds such beauty! </em>he thought.<em> This place itself is like a work of art! </em>His thoughts were completely at odds with the situation.</p>

      <p>“Stop getting so starry-eyed, you rube. Crystal town? Ha! You couldn’t sound more pompous if you tried.”</p>

      <p>“Shut up, you piece of grilled chicken. I’d say there’s something wrong with <em>you</em> if you see all this and don’t feel a thing.”</p>

      <p>“Huhhh?”</p>

      <p>“Hmmmm?!”</p>

      <p>Sparks started to fly at once as Fenix and Hydras grabbed at each other’s collars, though the others simply ignored them and continued on. This was normal for the pair from all the way back two hundred years ago, so there was no point being bothered by it now. They seemed to not get along on the surface, but it was more like they were close enough to fight without holding back, so they were actually quite good friends. This was exactly why nobody really cared that they managed to land simultaneous counterpunches to each other’s faces. If left alone, they’d eventually regain their senses and catch up.</p>

      <p>“So? What do we do first?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, well, the basis of all information gathering starts at the T A V E R N. Let’s look for a building that seems like one of those first.”</p>

      <p>If one wanted information, then the first thing to find was a place where people gathered. Anyone with adventuring experience could’ve told you that. Lufas had also relied on taverns for information for a period of time, and Karkinos also made use of that social convention for his information-gathering activities. Information gathered where people did, and though some of it turned out to be unreliable rumors, it would all reach the ears of the proprietor of the tavern as well as its regulars.</p>

      <p>“Pssshhh, that’s way too much work,” said Scorpius. “Why can’t we just make a beeline for the castle and drag Aquarius out? It’s not like we’re strangers.”</p>

      <p>“You do have a point. Is there some reason why we can’t just go in?” asked Aries.</p>

      <p>“We have to go find that out. What kind of place is this? Why did Aquarius make a village like this, even though she’s just supposed to be sealing the ouroboros? If we just barge in without at least learning that, we might just be making more trouble for ourselves,” Karkinos explained.</p>

      <p>“You’re so cautious.”</p>

      <p>“We aren’t allowed to fail this mission, after all.”</p>

      <p>As soon as Karkinos mentioned that they weren’t allowed to fail, Scorpius had no choice but to agree, though she seemed a bit fed up with the idea already. He was right; they weren’t allowed to fail. This mission came directly from their master. If they made a mistake and caused Aquarius to refuse to come back, they would no longer be able to face Lufas.</p>

      <p>Scorpius thought it over silently for a moment. “Okay, fine. But don’t waste too much time on this, got it? I want to hurry up and finish this so I can go back to flirting with my lady...” That was how Scorpius chose to voice her somewhat unwilling agreement to Karkinos’s plan.</p>

      <h1>2</h1>

      <p>The first thing Aries and the others saw when they entered the tavern was people who shouldn’t have been on this dark continent, and they were all lively. There were humans, beastfolk, elves, heaven-winged, dwarves, and halflings, so it was a motley assortment, but nevertheless, they experienced a small shock at seeing people here. Ever since the Seven Heroes had been brought low by the Devil King, the land humanity was able to live on continued to gradually shrink, until the world was in its current state, with livable land consisting only of a small portion of the surface. In other words, the only places humanity should have been found were where Aries and the others used to be active. Therefore, it was unexpected, almost unthinkable, for some to be living in Muspelheim, which was the most dangerous area to humanity in the entirety of the dark continent.</p>

      <p>The customers were all packed in tightly as they sat around the interior, which was also covered in everlasting ice while they themselves were covered in warm clothing. It didn’t seem to them like these people were fearful about whether or not they would survive tomorrow.</p>

      <p>“It’s a normal thing, but apparently the furniture isn’t also ice,” Scorpius said rather disinterestedly as she touched a nearby table.</p>

      <p>Even if the ice wouldn’t melt, it seemed that furniture like tables and chairs would still be made of other materials. Still, that didn’t change the generally cold surroundings. However, considering that they were basically inside ice, it could be said that the tavern was strangely warm.</p>

      <p>“It’s still cold by any other standard, but this is actually pretty nice compared to the outside,” said Aries.</p>

      <p>“I believe the secret to that lies within this ice, Sir Aries,” said Hydras. “This ice does not just never melt. It probably has air captured in it and is closer to snow in property rather than ice.”</p>

      <p>Snow would envelop air and was an excellent insulator. That was why caves and houses made of snow were surprisingly warm inside. Of course, that was only in relation to the outside, but in terms of physical experience, it would be rather pleasant. Hydras explained all this while looking at the never-melting ice with a gaze of respect and praise as someone of the same element.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Hey, I haven’t seen you all around these parts before.”</p>

      <p>While Aries and his group had been looking around the interior of the building curiously, a dwarf who seemed to be the owner called out to them. As soon as Scorpius saw him, she rudely commented, “They really do all look exactly the same...”</p>

      <p>Two hundred years ago, Lufas had mentioned something similar to Scorpius, saying, “I can’t tell any of them apart, other than Mizar,” and Scorpius had reflected the opinion here. Of course, Scorpius couldn’t even have picked out Mizar from a lineup either.</p>

      <p>“Well, I’ve seen you enough to be tired of it. Do all dwarves just look the same?”</p>

      <p>“How rude.”</p>

      <p>Scorpius fundamentally paid no one other than Lufas any respect, so she would easily say things that could be construed as rude to others. Karkinos, realizing that this tendency would only cause unnecessary trouble, had Scorpius step back before taking his place at the counter instead.</p>

      <p>“S O R R Y. She didn’t mean anything by it. By the way, bartender, what kind of place is this?”</p>

      <p>“What, you don’t know?” asked the bartender.</p>

      <p>“N O, I don’t. M E and my friends here are travelers.”</p>

      <p>“Travelers...? In this world controlled by the devilfolk? You all sure are eccentric. Either that, or you just have a lot of confidence in yourselves.”</p>

      <p>“Well, one or the other.”</p>

      <p>In contrast to his ridiculous speech patterns, Karkinos’s ability to communicate was high. At least, it was high enough to be incomparable to that of Aries, who had fallen into depression after Lufas’s disappearance, and Scorpius, who had gone berserk. After all, he was the only one among the Twelve Stars who had decided to blend in with humans, and he’d succeeded to boot. That might have been one of the reasons why Lufas had added him to the team. It might have seemed unexpected, given how he usually acted, but Karkinos was actually quite cautious and patient.</p>

      <p>“This place, huh...? Hmm, well for starters, the name is Nectar. It used to be called the Burning World of Muspelheim.”</p>

      <p>“M E knows about that second part already. That was why we were so surprised. We would never have expected Muspelheim to have turned into a town like this.”</p>

      <p>“Ha! What era did you come from? This place hasn’t been burning like that for two hundred years now!”</p>

      <p>“O H! Two hundred whole years?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. You know how humanity lost against the devilfolk two hundred years ago, don’t you? Ever since then, humans have had to choose between death or abandoning their homes. But there were some who failed to escape in time or somehow refused to abandon their homes, and so they were left here.”</p>

      <p>The bartender’s words were convincing. It was true that humanity had been chased into only a small fraction of their previous lands, and it would have been impossible for all of them to have made it. It was only natural for some of them to have been unable to escape or to otherwise have refused to stop fighting, but the problem came after that. People like that were to be reasonably expected, but that just meant seeing them surviving and living in a town like this was all the more impossible. There was no way the devilfolk, who had control of this territory, would have simply let them be.</p>

      <p>“Well, apparently things were awful after that. Fighting against the devilfolk was all well and good, but of course, that meant that people dropped like flies. But at that moment our king, Aquarius, closed off Muspelheim in ice, freezing all the approaching devilfolk. Seeing that, our ancestors must have realized that they had to rely on Aquarius’s favor. They all pledged loyalty to Aquarius in exchange for protection. And we weren’t just given protection. This town was built for us, and we’re allowed to live in peace, even in this hostile land.”</p>

      <p>“Oh ho, I see. So that’s what happened.” Karkinos reached into his pocket, intending to retrieve a coin, but suddenly, he changed his mind, went for a different pocket, and instead, he pulled out a small gem. “Thanks! That was a good story. This is a token of my appreciation.”</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, this is a gem! I can’t take that. It’s way too much!”</p>

      <p>“No, no. You’ve got it all wrong. Unfortunately, none of us have any of this town’s money on us. This is the cheapest thing we can pay with.”</p>

      <p>“W-Wait, but... This is worth way too much. What I told you isn’t worth that.”</p>

      <p>“Then could I trouble you to tell me one more thing? Let’s call it even after that.”</p>

      <p>“Mrr... Fine, got it. I’ll tell you anything. Though the gem is still worth way more than anything I could tell you. Anyway, what was it you wanted to ask?”</p>

      <p>With that, Karkinos’s glasses glinted forebodingly. The subject he was about to broach was something risky that might have roused suspicions were he to bring it up cold, but now that the bartender had said he would talk about anything, there was a much lower risk of that happening.</p>

      <p>Dwarves were fundamentally possessed of a very strong sense of honor and gratitude, and they disliked being in others’ debts. That was why Karkinos figured he could bring about this situation by revealing an expensive jewel. He’d extracted a verbal promise out of the dwarf, so now, the dwarf would be loath to go back on his word. His plan had gone so well it was actually kind of scary. <em>Huh. I might actually have some talent as a strategist</em>, Karkinos thought, praising himself.</p>

      <p>If Pollux had heard what was going on in his head, she would have cut his preening in two by saying, “It was just a coincidence.”</p>

      <p>“Then how would we gain an audience with your queen?” asked Karkinos.</p>

      <p>“Queen...?”</p>

      <p>“I’m talking about your ruler. The queen?”</p>

      <p>“What’re you going on about? Aquarius is a man.”</p>

      <p>Surprised, Karkinos hesitated before continuing with, “Ah, I see! That was rude of me. I had assumed Aquarius was a lady from the sound of the name!” Karkinos responded breezily while giving looks to Scorpius and Aries.</p>

      <p>Catching that, the two of them nodded. His look conveyed a clear message: “Apparently, things are about to get a little troublesome.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” The bartender thought it over for a moment. “Wouldn’t it be impossible to meet him directly? Unless you managed to achieve something particularly noteworthy, or you happen to be people of high standing...”</p>

      <p>“Noteworthy, you say?”</p>

      <p>“Like defeating the attacking devilfolk or their leader, Pluto...” said the bartender, growing quiet for a moment. “That’s probably impossible, though.”</p>

      <p>“Pluto?” asked Karkinos.</p>

      <p>“The one in charge of the devilfolk around here. He’s not as strong as His Majesty Aquarius, but he’s still incredibly strong. He’s had his sights set on this place for decades. His Majesty apparently can’t leave this place for some reason, so there’ve been many casualties. Pluto’s awful,” said the bartender.</p>

      <p>With that information, Karkinos’s mouth twisted into a smile. <em>I see. So if we beat him, then we could create an excuse to see Aquarius. </em>It was a simple option that didn’t risk offending “her,” something that simply barging in might do.</p>

      <p>“That was some good info, bartender.”</p>

      <p>“You going already?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. We know what we need to do, after all.”</p>

      <p>“Is that so? Come by again if you’re in the neighborhood. I’ll let all of you drink for free.”</p>

      <p><em>He probably said that because he already got the gem as payment. He really is a dwarf. I already said this was for the information, but he’s still not satisfied. I don’t know whether to call that soft or stubborn.</em></p>

      <p>However, Karkinos didn’t dislike men like the bartender. After replying with, “Sure thing. If we’re in the area again,” Karkinos regrouped with Scorpius and his group before heading outside.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Five hundred kilometers away from Nectar was a city—though it was far too large for the normal definition of one. After all, the city itself was bigger than the sum area of all of the lands humanity inhabited. At that point, it was already a nation unto itself, and its skyline was rife with lined-up high-rise buildings and skyscrapers that were reminiscent of the cities and cultures of the most prominent nations of the hero Sei’s home world, Earth. It remained lit even at night thanks to the light of mana, and it was replete with all manner of recreational facilities. Its splendor reflected well on the devilfolk’s status as the rulers of most of the surface.</p>

      <p>Of course, its citizens were a far cry from virtuous. If a visitor were to look in on the city’s recreational options, they’d see a plethora of games in bad taste. In “Human Hammering,” the contestants competed to see who could beat down the most captured humans. There was also “Beastfolk Battle Japes,” in which they forced tamed beastfolk to kill each other, with bragging rights for the winner on the line. A third such example was “Human Darts,” in which they used captured people as targets for a dart game, scoring points depending on the body part hit.</p>

      <p>The devilfolk walked through the streets with no hint of fear, enjoying their lives as if they owned the place. None of them doubted the safety of their peaceful lives for a second. To them, humanity no longer mattered. They were sure that at some point the Devil King would destroy them all. That was why it was so sudden to them.</p>

      <p>The sound of a giant footstep reverberated throughout the city. The next thing the devilfolk heard was some sort of unidentifiable roar. It shook the ground and seemed to tear apart the very sky. Wondering what was going on, the devilfolk all looked up towards the source of the noise, more out of interest than anything else, as they were still in the thralls of peace. That was when they saw it. A gigantic sheep, shaking the very earth as it headed straight for the city. Its body was covered in rainbow-colored fire, and it melted the buildings themselves as it mercilessly continued on.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What the hell is that? A monster?!”</p>

      <p>“No way... It’s too huge!”</p>

      <p>“Where’s the army?! The hell are they doing?!”</p>

      <p>Just by walking, the gigantic sheep toppled buildings. The devilfolk’s finely wrought civilization, their culture, and all their preparations were rendered moot. The sheep didn’t even notice it was sowing so much destruction; it happened just by its walking.</p>

      <p>But the nightmare didn’t end there. <em>“Beware, devilfolk.”</em> The sheep was there to announce the end of their peaceful days.</p>

      <p>The next thing to appear was a giant scorpion monster. The ground cracked as it revealed itself, its repulsive form coming up from the crevice. With one swing of its tail, the scorpion mowed down buildings, and just by moving its pincers, it could pulverize earth. From the ocean came a crab monster, who continued on to the land.</p>

      <p>In response to all that, the devilfolk’s armies moved to attack. Flying devilfolk launched their spells in unison, and their cannon-like projectiles burst one after the other after making contact with the three monsters. However, the monsters didn’t stop. They didn’t even waver. Even while bathing in the multitude of frontal attacks, they simply continued on, shrugging the attacks off as if they were mere bites from a mosquito.</p>

      <p>“Ksshhhaaaaahh...!”</p>

      <p>The giant scorpion opened up its pincers. Fire gathered within the spread pincers, its heat exponentially building. The buildup came with an ominous rumbling that grew in cadence, and anyone who saw it could feel the inescapable death budding within that fire. In order to prevent that, the army desperately continued its attacks, but they didn’t seem to work at all. The scorpion monster made a noise as if it was laughing at them as it released its destructive ball of fire.</p>

      <p>It was like a flash of heat that would never end. The line of flames continued on past the horizon, piercing through buildings in its burning path. The scorpion even went further, swinging its pincers around and moving the fire to burn down the entire city. And the flames didn’t just come from its pincers. Both the scorpion’s mouth and tail unleashed lines of fire, sweeping them left and right, and back and forth.</p>

      <p>The rainbow flames the sheep spat out covered a wide area and continuously ignited secondary fires. Meanwhile, the attacks shot out by the devilfolk army seemed to be sucked towards the crab monster somehow before exploding, and the next moment, the army would be hit by the crab’s claws in a counterattack.</p>

      <p>It was truly a disaster, one that had finally caught up with the devilfolk after two hundred years. In front of such a disaster, there was nothing they could do. Their only options were to run around in a panic, hide, or stand still and pray.</p>

      <p>In the midst of the disintegrating city, a single devilfolk man shivered as he looked on from a tower a margin larger than the other buildings. His name was Pluto, and his level was 420. He was strong enough to surpass even the Seven Luminaries, but because he put his priority into building the city he controlled rather than invading the human territories, he’d refused Terra’s invitation and stayed in his current position. Though, that was just an excuse. In truth, he simply became fearful and decided to stop his progress in this place.</p>

      <p>As one of the few survivors from two hundred years ago, he knew about Lufas Maphaahl as well as the walking disasters that followed her. Everyone else called him strong. They put him up on a pedestal as someone stronger than the Seven Luminaries, but that was wrong. It just was. There was nobody strong in this city. In the end, they were just comparing weak people to other weak people... If any of the devilfolk here were to use a true monster as a measuring stick, they would all look like mere bugs.</p>

      <p>That was exactly why Pluto refused the position of leader of the invasion force. He didn’t want to be one of the Seven Luminaries. After all, those monsters still existed in the human territories... And most of all, Pluto couldn’t bring himself to believe that Lufas Maphaahl had truly died.</p>

      <p><em>And my gut feeling was correct. Look! Look at this vista of despair! This nightmare! This manifestation of Hel that has crossed two hundred years to appear here in front of me!</em></p>

      <p>“Two hundred years... Well, I guess that’s a pretty good record.” With trembling hands, Pluto brought a cigar to his mouth and lit it.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, I knew this would happen. I knew this day was coming. After all, this whole world is nothing but a playground for the Goddess, and we’re her dolls.</em></p>

      <p>Having been the only one to realize that, Pluto had managed to run around miserably in the dirt until he gained his current position of power, one which he’d used to indulge in all kinds of luxuries until today.</p>

      <p>“Ahhh...”</p>

      <p>That was why the man was able to put on a self-deprecating smile as he enjoyed his last smoke. Outside the tower, a giant sheep opened its mouth, clearly intending to breathe fire at Pluto. However, at this point, he didn’t even feel like running.</p>

      <p><em>Times change, just like how Lufas Maphaahl once rose to power, as well as how she lost it. Now it’s my turn... That’s all it is. </em>The devilfolk man gave a thin laugh as he breathed out a puff of smoke and watched the incoming flames.</p>

      <p>“The end is always rather unsatisfying, isn’t it?” the devilfolk who knew of the world two hundred years ago muttered hopelessly, right before the entire building he was in took a direct hit from a wash of rainbow-colored flames and disappeared.</p>

      <p>The end of the devilfolk’s prosperity had been announced. Until today, they had managed to oppress humanity while indulging in sweet peace, but the time to pay that debt had come. Those who knew of the past would probably think back to it, while the younger generations who didn’t would probably just shrink in fear. The calamities with wills, the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, once again gathered under the Black-Winged Conqueror. Now the devilfolk knew of this fact and the despair that came with it.</p>

      <h1>3</h1>

      <p>Aries and the others decimated the devilfolk city in a single night, and the next day, they were invited to the castle of ice. The castle, surrounded on all sides by never-melting ice, was replete with knights equipped with ice swords and armor on parade. <em>Wouldn’t that be really cold? </em>Aries thought, but the most likely answer was that they weren’t human inside either. In fact, there might not be anything inside.</p>

      <p>There was a boy in extravagant clothing waiting for them in the throne room, his chin resting on a hand. He looked down appraisingly at the group of five. Then, this period of observation ended. He spread his arms wide and made a show of greeting them.</p>

      <p>“You’ve accomplished some great feats, travelers! You managed to take Pluto’s head. Well done! I will grant you anything you desire as a reward, be it riches, glory, or authority. Speak your wish!”</p>

      <p><em>Well now, that’s quite generous</em>,<em> </em>Scorpius thought, her lips curling upwards.<em> Not to mention laughable. Seems like he still hasn’t figured out who he’s talking to. What an ungrateful little man, even if it’s been two hundred years.</em></p>

      <p>Scorpius exasperatedly pulled up her hair as she sent the boy on the throne a look of scorn. “How generous of you. Then we would like a meeting with Aquarius, Mr. Stand-In.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? What are you talking about? I <em>am</em> Aqua—”</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, we’re not interested in a simple carrier. We have business with the Water Bearer, Ganymedes.”</p>

      <p>Having been referred to by his real name, the fake king who called himself Aquarius flinched. Indeed, he wasn’t Aquarius at all. Of course, he wasn’t completely unrelated either. He was a monster who had been appointed to the role of “carrier” by Aquarius, who couldn’t be bothered to move by herself. He was level 600 too, and thus an excellently strong specimen. He had no special or unique abilities, but in simple stats, he could compete fairly well with Castor.</p>

      <p>Still, that basically just meant he was almost nothing to any of the Twelve Stars actually suited for combat. He was no threat for Scorpius or the like. He most likely had finally realized just who it was he was looking down upon as well. His face visibly paled and a waterfall of sweat started to pour out of him.</p>

      <p>“You... All of you are... No, I mean...!”</p>

      <p>“Let us pass. You can’t possibly think of saying no, can you?”</p>

      <p>After a moment, Ganymedes stuttered, “P-Please, come through.”</p>

      <p>The surrounding knights didn’t seem to react at all to what just happened. If they were living people, they would have shown some sort of reaction, such as confusion or possibly anger, at the people who were being rude to their ruler. Therefore, the fact that they had no reaction whatsoever meant that these knights had no sense of self; they were simple puppets.</p>

      <p>Scorpius and the others passed by Ganymedes and proceeded on through the curtain behind the throne. This castle seemed to be laid out so that anything past the throne was the king’s private area, where no one else was allowed. It was simple to understand.</p>

      <p>As for Aquarius’s location... That was easy to figure out as well. She was in the back of the room they’d just entered. There, a giant water pitcher stood completely in plain sight. She didn’t even try to hide. The pitcher was about three meters tall. It was big enough to seem tough to carry around, but it wouldn’t be much trouble for anyone here, given their levels. After all, their master was Lufas, who could lift and throw a 170-meter-long dragon with a single hand.</p>

      <p>“It’s been a while, Aquarius. Come out here.”</p>

      <p>It took a while for a response to come, but eventually a young-sounding girl’s voice came out of the pitcher, responding to Scorpius’s call. “Hmm? Oh my, those are some nostalgic voices, aren’t they?”</p>

      <p>Her face popped out of the opening in the water pitcher, and just by physical looks, she seemed to be only twelve. She was wearing some strange cherry blossom-pink clothes—they were traditional clothes from a country that had existed over two hundred years ago called Wakoku, and it was called a kimono. She was also wearing a hairpin that was modeled after a sakura bloom. Her hair was a deep navy blue, and her eyes were also blue. At first glance, she was a cute and lovely little girl, and a smile like a blooming flower formed on her face after seeing her old comrades.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>