<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Even then, it still sends out half-asleep avatars like this though.”</p>

      <p>“So that’s an avatar?” Karkinos asked.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, no doubt,” Aquarius said in confirmation.</p>

      <p>As always, the Water Bearer had her upper half sticking out of the pitcher, not intending to move by herself at all. <em>Amazing that Ganymedes never gets tired. </em>Karkinos felt a little sympathetic towards him.</p>

      <p>“So the avatar is still human shaped even though it’s so big?” asked Hydras.</p>

      <p>“I’m not sure why that is. Apparently, the Avatar skill always produces human-shaped ones. There are four types though. Spirits born from divine power, or fairies which evolve from spirits. The devilfolk, who spring forth from mana. And lastly, those made by borrowing the wombs of people and inserting a part of their soul into it so that their avatar is naturally birthed. The most troublesome one is the last. Unlike other avatars, they’re actually living, so they’re indistinguishable from normal people. Not even Observing Eye can identify one,” Aquarius replied.</p>

      <p>Spirits and fairies needn’t be expounded on further. Pollux and Castor were counted among their number. The devilfolk could not strictly be called avatars. They weren’t clones of someone else, but magic spells with a will, after all, and the last one currently held no examples. In truth, though, Aries and the others had only recently been in contact with one...</p>

      <p>“And that one is?” Fenix asked.</p>

      <p>“Ah, the first type. Basically a spirit,” Aquarius responded.</p>

      <p>Even while giving that commentary, Aquarius’s sight never strayed from the Fire ouroboros’s avatar. It showed no signs of moving yet, but as soon as they attacked it, the thing would respond. However, that also meant that as long as they did nothing, they would have some time to lay on some buffs.</p>

      <p>Aquarius activated her unique skill, targeting Aries and the others. “Skill: Sadachbia.”</p>

      <p>Sadachbia, the hidden lucky star—its effect was to bestow a special buff called “Lucky Star.” Those under the effects of the buff would be able to “luckily” dodge a set number of attacks. It was a skill that buffed dodge, basically guaranteeing a dodge for allies. Of course, this skill was by no means all-powerful. Those who could throw out continuous attacks at ridiculous speeds, like Benetnasch, could quickly eat through the Lucky Star’s effects, and Libra’s Brachium would hit those with the buff directly, ignoring the buff.</p>

      <p>Also, skills had a priority. If a sure-hit skill clashed with a sure-dodge skill, for example, the higher-level one with better priority would be the one to take effect. Sadachbia had a low priority in exchange for being able to take effect multiple times. Its weakness was that basically all sure-x skills would go right through it. Even so, it was plenty strong, even unfairly so. There was no doubt that its power as a support skill was great.</p>

      <p>“Now then, it’s our first fight together in a while. I’m counting on all of you!” said Aquarius.</p>

      <p>“Understood! Let’s go, Fenix!” said Hydras.</p>

      <p>“Right!” Fenix shouted.</p>

      <p>Their spirits were high. Leading the way was the job of the underlings. The red-and-blue monster duo jumped forth in unison, charging at the Fire ouroboros’s avatar.</p>

      <h1>4</h1>

      <p>Faced with Hydras and Fenix charging at him, the Fire ouroboros’s avatar showed no reaction. It was unclear whether he considered them unworthy of even reacting to, or if they were too fast for him to react to. Either way, it was good for the pair of them, since he wasn’t moving. Fenix gave the Avatar a sharp glare as he charged in.</p>

      <p>Among the skills he had, there were several that were obtainable only by monsters. His glare was one of them, and it was named “Binding Eye.” Its effect was to lower a single target’s defense and render them unable to move for a short period of time.</p>

      <p>On top of that skill, Fenix raised his arms, summoning a vortex of fire from under the Avatar’s feet. It was the Fire element spell “Flare Tornado.” The spell wasn’t especially powerful, but it dealt multiple ticks of damage and bound the enemy in place until the spell was over. Even so, the damage would be minimal, since the enemy was the Ouroboros of Fire, the pinnacle of all Fire-aligned beings. Fire-aligned attacks would have no meaning to it. In fact, the Avatar absorbed the flames and regained HP; it had the opposite effect, so the spell was purely in order to stop the Avatar. Hydras was the real threat.</p>

      <p>“Tidal Wave!”</p>

      <p>Tidal Wave, which was a high-ranking Water element spell that the Wise King Megrez was most proficient in, manifested a tsunami of water flowing in a specified direction from nowhere. It was a wide-area-of-effect spell that aimed to crush the enemy. The Water spell had excellent power and scale while keeping a fairly low cost to use, and so was an excellent spell to use as a main means of attack. It wouldn’t be too much to say that proficiency in this spell determined a Water mage’s true worth.</p>

      <p>The tsunami raged forth, threatening to swallow up the entire area of this by no means small cage of ice, which was fifty meters tall, one kilometer long, and eight hundred meters wide. Aquarius had erected a barrier around the group and defended against it completely, but the Avatar was swept away by the fierce torrent of water with no resistance. The tsunami seemed like it would keep going and hit the main dragon body, but Aquarius shut that possibility off with a barrier as well.</p>

      <p>“You idiot! Don’t hit the main body! What if it wakes up?!”</p>

      <p>“S-Sorry!” apologized Hydras.</p>

      <p>Shaking the dragon awake in the process of trying to put it back to sleep was like putting the cart before the horse. Hydras meekly took Aquarius’s scolding, lowering his head in shame. Seeing that, Fenix made to insult him and laugh, but before he could, Hydras raised his head again and the opportunity was lost.</p>

      <p>However, the Avatar still wasn’t moving, even after their attacks. As always, it was just standing there.</p>

      <p>“This bastard. He’s making fun of us.”</p>

      <p>“’S he tryin’ to say that our attacks aren’t even worth dodging? Well, I’m happy to break that confidence into pieces!”</p>

      <p>After seeing the Avatar completely unaffected, the two of them charged forth once more in irritation, landing simultaneous kicks. The blows were powerful, proven the other day during their assault on the devilfolk city when they had managed to topple an over-fifty-meters-tall high-rise building in one blow and still had the resultant pressure wave destroy several buildings behind it.</p>

      <p>The Avatar was hit with two of those kicks at the same time too! They both struck the Avatar’s face with perfect timing, but at the moment of impact, the pair’s faces twisted in shock.</p>

      <p><em>What the hell...? </em>thought Fenix. <em>He’s so solid!</em></p>

      <p><em>And heavy too! We hit him straight on, but he wasn’t lifted into the air even a little!</em> Hydras thought.</p>

      <p>It would be hard to describe the strange response that ran through their limbs when the kicks impacted. A layperson would say something like, “It was like kicking steel,” but ironically, the two of them could kick through steel as if it were a sandcastle, so they were unable to find a sufficient comparison. That was just how solid and heavy the Avatar was. But it seemed they managed to at least make it pay them a little attention.</p>

      <p>The Avatar, which had up until now not moved at all, casually grabbed both their legs.</p>

      <p>“Whooaaarrgghh?!”</p>

      <p>“C-Crap... This power!”</p>

      <p>Their legs crumpled under a surprisingly strong grip as their bones broke. The two of them instantly realized that escaping would be impossible, so they chopped their own legs off with their hands and leapt backwards to open up distance. Immediately after, Fenix’s stump spat fire as his leg regenerated, while meat simply swelled from Hydras’s stump as his leg also restored itself.</p>

      <p>The Avatar followed up by swinging down his hand in a chopping motion and releasing an invisible blade. But thanks to the effect of Sadachbia, the invisible blade bent its path as if it was trying to avoid the two of them, and the attack missed.</p>

      <p>Taking advantage of that opening, the two stood back up and roared in anger.</p>

      <p>“GODDAAMMIIIIITT! DON’T YOU DARE LOOK DOWN ON US!”</p>

      <p>“YOU BASTARD. I’LL KILL YOU DEAD!”</p>

      <p>Their usual elegance and composure were nowhere to be found. With their anger switches flipped, their eyes turned bloodshot and their viciousness as monsters was displayed at full force.</p>

      <p>Fenix clad both his hands in fire and combined them into a shining white ball. He would be casting the Fire element’s most powerful single-target spell. It was the origin of fire, and it pierced through all elemental resistances, so even those of the Fire alignment would be left as ashes. Its name was—</p>

      <p>“Burn to nothing! Prometheus!”</p>

      <p>The ball burned bright at a seething ten million degrees as it directly impacted the Avatar. The power of it even managed to somewhat melt the ice that was supposed to never melt.</p>

      <p>At the same time, Hydras also cast one of the Water element’s strongest spells. It was a stage below the spell Dina had cast before—Hermes, Who is Thrice Mighty—but even then, it boasted the most powerful force the Water element could bring to bear against a single target. It aimed to simply crush the target under the violent pressure of water. The water’s momentum was strong enough to blast a target to the ends of the ocean.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to crush you flat! Oceanus!”</p>

      <p>A superheavy mass that seemed to contain an entire ocean’s worth of compressed water hit the Avatar at the same time as Fenix’s Prometheus.</p>

      <p>But the two of them weren’t done yet. Now that the superheated ball had hit the target at the same time as a supercompressed mass of water, the pair’s assault reached the next stage. Prometheus evaporated Oceanus’s water, causing an explosion as it vaporized. The explosion wasn’t all either. Fenix and Hydras also enveloped the Avatar in a spherical barrier, trapping the explosion that would normally have spread out wide enough to burn away an entire continent into a mere one-and-a-half-meter-wide space.</p>

      <p>There was a flash, and then, an explosion.</p>

      <p>Having been compressed, the explosion lost some of its flashiness, but it had gained more than its fair share of deadliness. It was undoubtedly a miniaturized catastrophe. The leftover energy turned into smoke that blocked vision as Fenix and Hydras laughed, as if already sure of their victory.</p>

      <p>“It’s over!”</p>

      <p>“There’s no need to even check. No one would be fine after taking that.”</p>

      <p>It seemed they were indeed completely sure of their victory.</p>

      <p>Aries, who had been watching from behind the two, was honestly impressed, his eyes wide. <em>That attack just now was amazing! If it hit me, even I’d take a huge amount of damage. My HP might even go dangerously low.</em></p>

      <p>“Wow, that was great, you two!” praised Aries.</p>

      <p>“N I C E F I G H T!” said Karkinos. “You did better than I expected!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Well, sure, that was impressive, but... What do you think, Aquarius?” Unlike Aries and Karkinos, who were simply impressed and overjoyed, Scorpius reacted coldly.</p>

      <p>Aquarius gave a strained laugh seeing that as she gave her honest impression. “They did well. Just give it to ’em. They managed to do more than I’d expected.”</p>

      <p>As Aquarius spoke, the smoke lifted and gave way to an intense flash. The two flashes once again missed, thanks to the effects of Sadachbia, but they weren’t so lucky with the red shadow that leapt out right afterward. The Avatar grabbed Fenix and Hydras’s faces at a speed they couldn’t react to and slammed them into the ground. That alone caused the ice that was tough enough that Prometheus had only melted it a little to crack apart. Meanwhile, the entirety of Nectar shook like it was experiencing an earthquake.</p>

      <p>Fenix and Hydras didn’t take that lying down. Even as they were being pressed into the floor and gushing blood, they kicked at the Avatar, but their kicks did nothing; the Avatar didn’t budge a millimeter.</p>

      <p>The Avatar slammed their foreheads together before letting go and unleashing a roundhouse into the both of them. That one blow sent them flying like mere sticks, and they were buried in the wall of ice beyond. They’d taken so much damage that their arms and legs were broken. Fenix even had one of his arms torn off.</p>

      <p>“Tch! You’ve done it now!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t you dare look down on us, you bastard!”</p>

      <p>The two of them immediately regenerated from their wounds, kicked off the wall they were buried in, and moved to punch at the Avatar. They unleashed punches and kicks at such a speed that not even the Seven Luminaries would’ve been able to follow with their eyes, but no blow got through; each one was blocked, parried, or dodged.</p>

      <p>The two of them disappeared, having rounded onto the Avatar’s back, but the next instant, the Avatar had done the same thing before landing a light attack that looked like a poke, causing the two to go down. Actually, he hadn’t even hit them. The attack missed under the effects of Sadachbia, but the resultant wind pressure from the attack had blown them over.</p>

      <p>“N-No way...!”</p>

      <p>“H-He’s treating us like we’re children...!”</p>

      <p>The Avatar’s eyes narrowed, and he seemed bored as he moved to give them the coup de grâce. There was a delayed sound of a hammer blow and a spreading shock wave, but neither of the two felt any pain. When they opened their eyes, they saw that the blow that was meant for them had been stopped by Karkinos’s forehead.</p>

      <p>“W E L L D O N E! That was a great fight, you two. But it’s about time to switch fighters. W E will be doing the fighting from here on out.”</p>

      <p>Karkinos swung, unleashing his counter. His Acubens, which had the enemy’s power behind it, dug into the Avatar’s cheek, throwing the Avatar into the ice wall even though he had up until now been unmoving.</p>

      <p>Surprised at this turn of events, the Avatar’s eyes went wide as Karkinos equipped his scissors. Aries and Scorpius came up to flank him on either side.</p>

      <p>“Be careful of his grabbing attack, everyone. Looks like that one’s a sure-hit skill. It bypassed the sure-dodge buff on Fenix and Hydras.”</p>

      <p>“Sure seems that way. Think we can do it?” Scorpius asked Aries, her smile never wavering, even after Aquarius’s warning.</p>

      <p>“It’ll be fine,” Aries responded, voice full of confidence. “Now that we know about it, we’ll be able to deal with it somehow!”</p>

      <p>As soon as he said that, Aries leapt, closing the distance to the Avatar in an instant. They were both fire-aligned, so Aries’s action was nothing but reckless. His opponent was the peak of the Fire element after all, and Aries was among the weakest of all fire-aligned monsters, which meant that, under normal circumstances, this fight should never have happened. However, Aries was not weak. He had been trained and equipped by Lufas, so he had no reason to fear. All he had to do was believe in his master and fight to his utmost.</p>

      <p>“HAAGGHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>Aries’s fists collided with the Avatar over and over, dealing noticeable damage thanks to the gloves’ resistance-piercing effect. In pure numbers, he was dealing 99,999 damage every time. The more HP the opponent had, the more damage Aries dealt.</p>

      <p>The Avatar once again tried to counter, but it didn’t connect! Under the effects of the star of luck, all attacks seemed to be actively avoiding Aries. Nothing even left a scratch. Next, the Avatar attempted to grab Aries, but he’d already shown his hand with Fenix and Hydras.</p>

      <p>Aries swiftly swayed backwards, but instead of killing his momentum to stand back up, he simply put a hand to the ground and let the Newtonian force carry him into a flip. After several backflips, a pair of scorpion pincers flew and grabbed the Avatar’s arms as if they were substituting fighters. It was Scorpius’s new weapon given to her by Lufas, already getting a chance to shine.</p>

      <p>“Too bad. You’re not the only one who can grab people.” Scorpius stuck out her tongue and licked her purple lips coquettishly before pulling on the weapon with force.</p>

      <p>Once the Avatar was close enough, she swiped at him with her claws! After inflicting him with poison strong enough to even eat away at pure mana, Scorpius kicked him away once again.</p>

      <p>Then, it was Aquarius’s turn to follow up the attack. The pitcher’s manifested body ducked into itself before Ganymedes pointed the opening straight at the Avatar.</p>

      <p>“Freeze Duster!” Aquarius’s voice rang out from inside the pitcher right before countless chunks of ice started to fly out of the opening.</p>

      <p>The speed of these projectiles was utterly incredible. They were being spat out at such speed that it actually didn’t even look to be rapid-firing. It was like a wave of ice. Those who couldn’t follow the speed of the attack only saw a single large wave. But even though the Avatar was bathed in this storm of ice directly, that didn’t stop it from jumping at Aquarius. This time, though, the action had the opposite result. The Avatar’s body as well as his attack were sucked towards Karkinos as if he were magnetized. This was one of his skills: Asellus Borealis. The skill allowed him to draw in a single physical attack. In other words, rather than an absolute-evasion skill, it was an anti-absolute accuracy skill.</p>

      <p>The Avatar grabbed Karkinos and slammed him into the ground, but he simply got right back up and grabbed the Avatar’s head in return, acting out the same attack. Then Karkinos made a regular attack. His long legs whipped around in a kick that made contact with the Avatar’s neck, sending his body flying.</p>

      <p>“Now, Aries!”</p>

      <p>“Leave it to me! Mesarthim version 3!”</p>

      <p>Now that the Avatar was off-kilter, Aries sent a rainbow-colored fireball at him without delay. There was no way for the Avatar to dodge. The moment the fireball made contact, the Avatar’s mouth twisted into a smile—then he was swallowed by the flames that killed those who were superior.</p>

      <h1>5</h1>

      <p>Once Aries’s flames disappeared, the Avatar was no longer there. It looked like the Mesarthim ball had managed to do its job and incinerate him.</p>

      <p>Scorpius reacted with, “Well, that was easy,” but that was only a matter of course.</p>

      <p>Aquarius had been dealing with Avatars by herself up until now, but this time there were four members of the Twelve Stars with the addition of Aries, Scorpius, and Karkinos. Not to mention that Fenix and Hydras, who had been the opening act, were rather strong as well. In fact, there was no reason this should have been tough at all, so Aquarius had thought this outcome to be pretty much set in stone, and she wasn’t surprised at all.</p>

      <p>What did concern her was the expression of the Avatar in its last moments. <em>Did he...laugh? I thought it was supposed to be a half-asleep Avatar that only wanders around with barely even a conscience?</em> The Avatar would return fire if it was attacked, but that was something like a self-defense mechanism rather than something done with a clear will or presence of mind, just like how a person’s normal reaction to seeing something flying right at their face is to close their eyes, or like how if someone does something that causes them pain, they’ll immediately withdraw their hand. Basically, it was just an instinctive reaction... It wasn’t something the ouroboros was consciously doing. That was why that had never happened once. The Avatar had never before shown a clear expression.</p>

      <p><em>The ouroboros is sleeping... There’s no doubt about that. The seal hasn’t wavered. Am I reading too deeply into this? Maybe it’s something like smiling in your sleep?</em> Aquarius gave the Ouroboros of Fire a sharp look. It didn’t seem to be moving any time soon. Even now, it still slept soundly.</p>

      <p><em>But I wonder why. Why can’t I get rid of this ominous feeling?</em></p>

      <p>“Hey, Aquarius. Let’s hurry up and leave. There’s nothing left to do here, right?”</p>

      <p>Aquarius paused before deciding that, “Yeah. You’re right... Let’s go back up.”</p>

      <p>Hurried along by Scorpius, Aquarius started to move back up to the surface. After ordering Ganymedes to carry her, she turned back once more. <em>It...hasn’t changed.</em> The ouroboros was still sleeping.</p>

      <p>While still feeling that something wasn’t quite right, Aquarius didn’t let her doubts about the still-sleeping dragon bother her anymore as they left the area. That was why she didn’t realize that after they’d left, one of the ouroboros’s eyes opened before closing once more.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Then first, we should discuss next steps.”</p>

      <p>At the moment, the group gathered in the fairy paradise of Alfheim consisted of the Fairy Princess Pollux, her brother Castor, The Devil King’s son Terra, Luna of the Seven Luminaries, and Virgo of the Twelve Stars. On top of that group, Pollux had summoned three strong heroic spirits as guards in case of emergency. They were standing by in the rear.</p>

      <p>One was Pavo the Peacock. Apparently, he originally had white wings, but something had possessed him to dye his wings flashy colors and decorate them. As a result, his wings resembled those of a peacock, and he had been exiled from the settlement of heaven-winged he’d been in. He was a man with many shortcomings.</p>

      <p>Another was Apse the Bird of Paradise. He was a former heaven-winged adventurer who was proficient in Wood-element heaven-arts, especially those concerning the manipulation of wind. Back in the day, he apparently viewed Lufas, who was also an adventurer, as a rival for a spell, but he ended up realizing the gap between them without having to come to blows, and so he joined her army. He was a slightly pathetic man. As an aside, he was the heaven-winged who had managed to cut Terra’s shoulder when he’d fought Pollux.</p>

      <p>The last member was Korbous the Crow. Apparently, he also originally had white wings, but he admired Lufas so much that he dyed his own wings black. He was...something.</p>

      <p>The three of them were all level 1000, and they had all stuck with Lufas until the end two hundred years ago. They were trustworthy and loyal retainers. There was no need to worry about betrayal with them. Pollux, who they now obeyed, leaned against a tree with her arms crossed and spoke in a low voice.</p>

      <p>“There’s one thing we need to consider. What will the Goddess do next?”</p>

      <p>“U-Umm... Shouldn’t we be considering Miss Lufas’s thoughts on this too?” Virgo hesitantly gave her opinion, unlike Pollux, who was bold.</p>

      <p>The subject of their current conversation would affect the future. Virgo had doubts about whether that was something to do without Lufas, who was the most important force in all this.</p>

      <p>However, Pollux shook her head. “That won’t be a problem. Miss Lufas herself doesn’t realize it, but she’s already moving with full knowledge of everything. What we’ll be talking about now is just to inform all of you, who don’t know the Goddess well.”</p>

      <p>“Umm... Then what about the rest of the Twelve Heavenly Stars?” asked Virgo.</p>

      <p>“They aren’t needed either. Rather, they’re all muscle-brained, so telling them anything unnecessary will only have the opposite effect. That goes double for Scorpius and Aigokeros. There’s no telling what those two will do.” Pollux indirectly stated that she didn’t trust the other Twelve Heavenly Stars. That was a little harsh considering that they were comrades and equals, but that cautiousness was what was needed from the brains of the operation.</p>

      <p><em>So you trust them and rely on them because they’re your comrades? I see. What a great thought. I’d even call it beautiful. But unconditional trust also signifies the abandonment of thought and consideration... It’s nothing but pretty-sounding words</em>,<em> </em>Pollux thought.</p>

      <p>Not to mention that the Goddess could control people. She could even manipulate their memories. Given that, refusing to doubt was like telling the Goddess to do whatever she wanted. It was something that should never be done. Put bluntly, the only two members of their group who could definitely be said to not be on the Goddess’s side were Lufas and Benetnasch. That did indeed mean that Pollux even doubted herself. There was no proof that she hadn’t been the victim of memory or thought manipulation somewhere along the way. The only two who were completely immune to the Goddess’s tampering were the two mold-breakers who were able to throw off the Goddess’s influence.</p>

      <p>“Let’s start with what moves the Goddess has... This we can easily predict. Rather, at the moment, the only thing she can do is ‘move pieces.’ She can affect the weak parts of people’s hearts and lead them around. She can also possess people and control them, like she did me, or she can call pawns from the other side that she’s prepared beforehand... Those are the three main types of actions she can take, and every single one of them is a subpar move that relies on other people.”</p>

      <p>Terra was confused hearing Pollux explain just how few cards the Goddess had to play, so he spoke up. “Isn’t she supposed to be all-knowing and all-powerful?”</p>

      <p>The Goddess of Creation Alovenus was omniscient and omnipotent. At least, that was common sense in this world.</p>

      <p>However, Pollux responded by shaking her head. “She’s close, but she isn’t truly either of those things. How should I put it...? The scales of our existences are so different that she conversely can’t see. For example, pretend that a world is a grain of sand. Would you be able to see the people’s day-to-day activities or minute actions in that world? If there were some elements in that world that you didn’t like, would you be able to get rid of <em>just</em> those parts?” She paused. “It sounds impossible, right?”</p>

      <p>Terra considered this quietly for a moment. “True. It does. I’d end up destroying the entire world with a single fingertip.”</p>

      <p>“That’s how it is. If the Goddess herself acted, then this world would be destroyed with just one of her fingers or even a single breath. But the Goddess doesn’t want this world gone, so she has to go easier than easy and move tiny, tiny pieces around.”</p>

      <p>The revelation was not a good one. In fact, now everyone was even more aware of the scale of the enemy they were picking a fight with.</p>

      <p>But Pollux continued on, heedless of the rest of the group’s unrest. “Basically, the Goddess will be a one-trick pony, as always. But we know that her possession and brainwashing won’t work on Lufas and Benetnasch. And not with Taurus either. No matter how much she tries, the result will be the same. Even if she manages to control one of us again, there’s nothing she can do with Lufas and Benetnasch together.”</p>

      <p>“Which means she’s going to need an even stronger pawn, right?” asked Terra.</p>

      <p>“You’re quick on the uptake. Exactly, and that’s why we’ve been maintaining the seals. We’ve taken the initiative and sealed the strongest pieces the Goddess has, the ouroboroses. With that, her options are limited.”</p>

      <p>At the moment, the options the Goddess had to choose from were shockingly few. All of the ouroboroses other than the Moon were sealed. On top of that, the fairy siblings, who had originally been on the Goddess’s side, had been taken in by Lufas along with Parthenos and Aquarius, so now the Goddess only had three hands to play: the devilfolk, the Ouroboros of the Moon, and her avatar.</p>

      <p>Out of those, the devilfolk could not be relied upon. Even if she managed to brainwash Luna, her strength was not enough to take on even Castor by himself, and Lufas could simply wipe out all of the devilfolk, even if they tried to attack her all at once. The only devilfolk at level 1000, Terra, was not one of the Goddess’s spells and thus couldn’t be used. In other words, all they had to be wary of was either the Moon ouroboros or the Goddess’s avatar, Dina.</p>

      <p><em>Still, the possibility of the devilfolk taking action shouldn’t be completely discounted just yet</em>, Pollux thought as she looked over at Luna.</p>

      <p>“Well... I’m pretty sure it won’t happen, but you should be careful just in case. The chance that you’re being manipulated isn’t nothing, after all.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes.”</p>

      <p>“But if she’d bother to control you, she might as well go after me, in my opinion. So you shouldn’t be too worried about it,” Pollux said as she looked down at her own fingers.</p>

      <p>Of course, Pollux had plans in place for if she was ever controlled. At the moment, she was wearing the ring with the skill-sealing ability that had been given to her by Lufas, and she was unable to use Argonautai. Not only that, but the ring was also cursed by Aigokeros, making it so she couldn’t remove it on her own. Either Lufas had to remove it herself or she needed permission from one of the other Twelve Stars. All that added together to mean that there was no point in manipulating Pollux.</p>

      <p>Lufas had said, “To think that a masochistic item meant for restricted play actually came in handy...” But the item would be pretty useful anywhere. Also, the item doubled received experience in exchange for sealing skills.</p>

      <p>“So, as for the Moon ouroboros...” Pollux was silent for a moment. “I might as well be candid. You know the Devil King? He’s the Moon ouroboros. He’s also been the one to kill the hero for generations, whether that be as the Beast God, the Wicked God, the Titan, or the Great Demon King.”</p>

      <p>Terra was dumbfounded, unable to form words after Pollux’s confession before finally letting out a “What?”</p>

      <p>Luna and Virgo were also wide eyed. Castor looked grim, as if he’d been reminded of something unpleasant. This hardly mattered, but he hadn’t been informed of the Devil King’s true identity by Pollux.</p>

      <p>“Also, my brother and I are avatars of the Wood ouroboros. Of course, it’s been a long time since we’ve awakened our egos and become fairies, so we’re basically completely different at this point.”</p>

      <p>“Are you sure it’s all right to tell us that?” asked Terra.</p>

      <p>“It’s not really something that needs to be hidden.”</p>

      <p>It was only natural for Terra to react with disbelief at how easily Pollux outed herself. How could he be expected to predict that a representative of the Goddess and an avatar of a dragon would be right in front of them?</p>

      <p>Luna was the one who showed a certain measure of shock at that truth.</p>

      <p>“You... You should be the opposite of the Devil King... If you’re both on the same side, then...”</p>

      <p>Pollux was silent for some time before finally saying, “That stuff’s just a charade passed around people on the same side. It’s an easy-to-understand heroic tale written by the Goddess... Orm and I are split as enemy and friend, and we’ve just repeated that for several million years.”</p>

      <p>Hearing Pollux strain to even get that out had Luna discard what she was going to say and just close her mouth. All the faith of the people up until now. The stories of great people from the past. The symbol of light, who posed the biggest threat to the devilfolk. None of that actually existed. All of it was just a show, a comedy even. Everybody was faithfully acting out a role.</p>

      <p>“And the newest story started two hundred years ago. The Goddess, perceiving Lufas as a threat, an enemy of the story, set her up as the final boss and set Alioth and his group against her.”</p>

      <p>“That’s the truth of two hundred years ago... Once you unravel the strings, it’s not even a heroic tale, just a farce.”</p>

      <p>Terra’s opinion mirrored that of Venus, when she had disappeared from in front of him before. <em>Puppet... That’s what she called Luna. She said that Luna was a pitiful puppet that didn’t even know she was just someone’s toy. I see. Now that I know the truth, she’s right.</em></p>

      <p>The Goddess simply had Pollux and the Devil King take their places, using them and the game pieces called the devilfolk and fairies as continuously opposing forces of light and dark to put on an act. Now that Terra knew all of this, he couldn’t think anything other than “puppet show.” Even the Seven Heroes were nothing more than actors made to dance to the Goddess’s tune. The only ones who weren’t like that were Lufas and Benetnasch.</p>

      <p>Terra’s thoughts stalled for a moment. <em>No, now that I think about it, there was someone who said something interesting... “Just like I once was.” Doesn’t that sound like that didn’t apply to her anymore? Isn’t that strange? I mean, Venus, or Dina, is the Goddess’s avatar, so wouldn’t she be the dictionary definition of the Goddess’s puppet? Then why did she say something like that...?</em></p>

      <p>“Ah, now that I think about it, how’s Orm been doing?” Pollux asked. “I haven’t seen him recently.”</p>

      <p>“You say his name so easily. Are you two close?”</p>

      <p>“You could say that, though it’s more like...we’re just stuck with each other? You might forget, but we’ve kind of been in this relationship for millions of years, you know? Sometimes he’ll just show up out of the blue, and we’ll have tea, then he’ll just go back. Hmm, yeah. I guess I don’t really hate him, though.”</p>

      <p>It was almost unthinkable for the Fairy Princess and the Devil King, who were thought to be worse than mortal enemies, to actually have this sort of relationship. If Kross, with his weak mental fortitude, were to hear this, he’d probably faint because of his common sense being challenged.</p>

      <p>As she spoke, Pollux suddenly derailed herself, saying, “Now that I think about it...”</p>

      <p><em>It was always a given that Orm would come here, and I get the feeling he always came when I was depressed from sending heroes off to their deaths. Thinking back on it now, he was probably worried about me in his own way.</em></p>

      <p>“Anyway, let’s get back on topic and talk about what the Goddess will do next. Now that Miss Lufas has her forces in order, she has to be careful about what piece to move, or it won’t do anything. This means the Goddess should be thinking that it’s about time to move the ouroboroses. In other words, the Goddess should be planning to undo the seals around them next. I’d bet on her first target being the Ouroboros of Heaven, which is the most lightly guarded. The one that’s in Vanaheim.”</p>

      <p>The ouroboroses were sealed in four places. Out of those, Earth was held down by Taurus while Fire was being controlled by Aquarius, and they would be hard to attack. Meanwhile, the Wood ouroboros was being held down by Pollux and her group, so the last one, and the most lightly guarded, was the one in Vanaheim. Parthenos, who had been sealing it, had already long since departed, so she couldn’t fight.<em> As a ghost, she can scare people, but that’s about it, so the Goddess will be aiming for the Ouroboros of Heaven.</em> At least, that was what Pollux thought she would do if she were in the Goddess’s shoes.</p>

      <p><em>Yes</em>, Pollux thought<em>.</em></p>

      <p>“That was good deductive thinking, but you’re a little off. I’m actually starting with the Wood ouroboros.”</p>

      <p>Castor and Terra gasped in alarm at the sudden appearance of the new voice, while Luna cried, “Who—?!” They all turned their heads to face the direction the new voice came from as they reached for their weapons.</p>

      <p>They laid eyes on a tall man with long, white hair, who seemed to simply not care how wary they were as he kept walking. His eyes were golden with vertically slit pupils. On top of that, his skin was blue, the telltale sign of a devilfolk.</p>

      <p>Seeing the man, Luna raised her voice in surprise. “You’re...Sol?!”</p>

      <p>He was the last member of the devilfolk’s Seven Luminaries, Sol of the Sun. He should have been level 300, but Terra sensed that he was facing down a powerful enemy the likes of which he’d never fought before, and he silently stepped forward.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>