<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_4">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Huh? Wha— Eh? What is this, Gran?!”</p>

      <p>“I entrusted you with my power as the guardian, which I’d been holding on to up until now. Don’t be so surprised.”</p>

      <p>“Huuuuhhh?!”</p>

      <p><em>There, it’s done. I just pushed it onto her, so there was nothing like a ceremony or consent, but needs must. There wasn’t even time to explain things.</em></p>

      <p>Normally, the succession of power would come with an explanation of how to use it, the successor’s duties, and so on and so forth, but half of that was out the window, since Parthenos had abandoned her duty and joined Lufas anyway. At this point, she thought nothing of her duty as the guardian, and she had no desire to burden her grandchild with that. The only purpose in passing on her power was to give her the ability to resist the unreasonable. In order to allow her to carve out her own future, Parthenos gave without hesitation. She even gave Virgo the skills and experience she’d obtained afterward. How to use it was entirely up to Virgo.</p>

      <p>“I’ve given you all my power. Do with it what you will.”</p>

      <p>“What I...will...?”</p>

      <p>“Exactly. All of my battle experience, power, skills, magic, and heaven-arts are with you. I’ll even give you this log!”</p>

      <p>“Umm...” Virgo hesitated. “Sorry. I don’t need that.”</p>

      <p>Parthenos said nothing in reply, still ready to hand over the log.</p>

      <p>“It looks heavy and hard to carry around. Plus, I have this sword that Miss Lufas gave me... And there’s no way a regular log like that can be a weapon, I think...”</p>

      <p>Parthenos had resolved to give everything to her grandchild, but it seemed that there was no way she would take the log.</p>

      <h1>10</h1>

      <p><em>It’s a strange feeling. I don’t actually feel any drastic changes within me. I’m not excited. In fact, it almost feels like nothing’s changed. But... I can see now. I can see how Terra moves, even though it was so hard just to guess what was happening in the fight before. Castor too.</em></p>

      <p>Virgo could clearly see the three knights getting beaten back, as well as how they tried to regain their footing. As she was now, she could fully recognize how Sol had broken through the front lines and was trying to finish off Parthenos.</p>

      <p>“I won’t let you!”</p>

      <p>Flapping her wings, Virgo got in between them, catching Sol’s fist with La Pucelle. <em>I won’t be able to take it; I’ll be blasted away</em>, she thought. However, while Virgo felt a strong force, it was nowhere near as much as she’d expected, and even though she was pushed back a little, Virgo had actually succeeded in stopping Sol’s fist.</p>

      <p>“What...?”</p>

      <p>Sol was clearly shocked, and for a moment, he let up because of this surprising event. In that moment, Terra came in from the side and took off one of Sol’s arms at the elbow. However, Sol immediately regenerated it and returned fire at Terra. The return blow was stopped by a wall of light as well, bouncing Sol’s fist back. Of course, Sol was surprised at that, but Terra was agape as well.</p>

      <p>It was difficult to find any shield in the world that could completely stop Sol’s attack, even if the user was level 1000 and they managed to catch Sol by surprise. At the very least, it was completely impossible for a normal level 1000. The only ones capable of such a feat would be a level 1000 on par with Lufas, Megrez, and Merak—one who was barely even a level 1000 anymore. In other words, just being level 1000 was insufficient. The person needed to be even stronger than that, and there was no way Virgo, who had just obtained her power, was at that level. Parthenos had never been that strong in the first place, and she was the one who gave Virgo her power. So how did that happen?</p>

      <p>“Yaaaaaaaahhhhh!”</p>

      <p>“This... What the?!”</p>

      <p>It was a leap—there was no other way to describe it. As if she was finally showing her true potential that had been restrained until now, Virgo’s sword chased down Sol. Even then, Sol was more skilled, and this was even more pronounced in close quarters combat. Virgo had definitely become stronger, but she hadn’t grown more experienced. Even though Virgo’s level now surpassed her predecessor Parthenos’s, there was a huge difference in experience. There was no way she could replicate Parthenos’s unfair machine-gun-like casting speed nor could she instantly choose the best art or spell for the situation like Parthenos could.</p>

      <p>But Terra was also here, along with Castor and the three knights. There was Virgo’s inheritance, which had come with a strange sort of awakening for her, as well as the fact that Sol was outnumbered. Even an avatar like Sol wouldn’t find this easy to deal with, but still, he simply smiled daringly. <em>This is it... This is the fight I wanted! Something with some challenge! This is exactly what I was waiting for!</em></p>

      <p>With all that, the battle was finally even. It had taken so much just to finally get it that way. That just went to show how powerful Sol was; he was starting to resemble Lufas.</p>

      <p>That realization made Terra’s expression grim, but Sol was laughing joyfully. Sol’s knife-hand clashed with Terra’s blade, sending sparks flying as the two disappeared at the same time.</p>

      <p><em>Up! </em>As soon as Luna had realized what happened and looked up, Terra and Sol had already clashed and immediately disappeared. The second she thought they were to the right, they were already to the left. The aftereffects of the fight broke trees, and by the time Luna registered that Terra had been sent into the ground, throwing up a cloud of dust, Sol had been slammed into a rock. In this fight, it was all Luna could do to chase afterimages, but at this point Virgo was barely able to keep up, and of course, so were Castor and the three knights.</p>

      <p>“Devil Rend!”</p>

      <p>Terra used the higher-tier version of Devil Slash, sending a blue slash at Sol. If it was to hit, the attack would bisect even mountains, but Sol met it with his bare fist.</p>

      <p>“Hah!”</p>

      <p>He’d used the Grappler skill Smash, a simple skill that just made it so if the attack it applied to hit, it would always be a critical hit.</p>

      <p>The slash tore the skin of Sol’s fist, but before it got farther than that, the force from Sol’s punch erased the slash as they canceled each other out. However, that was the moment Terra switched to two-handing his blade as he unleashed a full-force vertical slash upon the avatar.</p>

      <p>Terra had used a swordmaster skill named “Meteor Smash,” which boasted the most power out of all the once-a-day skills available to the swordmaster class. The slash, which came out with enough force to threaten to destroy the ground like a falling meteor, also came with an appropriate sense of intimidation.</p>

      <p>At the same time, Sol clenched his fist and raised it up as if to pierce the heavens. He was also using a once-a-day limited-use skill, the name of which was Buster Impact. Just as the name implied, it was the Grappler version of Meteor Smash.</p>

      <p>These high-impact skills lost their appeal at high levels where max damage became common. In fact, the meta at high levels was to prize multi-hit or combo skills, even if they lost a little power over simple high-firepower skills. However, skills like these were still useful for fresh level 100s so that even they would be able to push out five-digit damage. Their destructive power was immeasurable.</p>

      <p>An explosion resounded as a shock wave rocked the continent with Alfheim as its epicenter. The shock wave caused old buildings in nearby towns and villages to collapse, creating a disastrous scene as even those in faraway lands almost fell over from the resultant winds. In the midst of that, the two combatants were sent flying in separate directions. Sol crashed into the ground but quickly bounced up, rolled, and stuck his landing. Terra managed to arrest his momentum by stabbing his sword into the ground, carving a straight line describing his travel.</p>

      <p>“Well done, child of the Moon dragon. I never expected to enjoy myself this much. As I thought, is the reason you’re able to exhibit such power because of your anger at my deceit?”</p>

      <p>“No. I was deceived because of my own immaturity. I may feel ashamed of my own incompetence, but I would never hold a grudge against you for it.”</p>

      <p>With some space between them, they reverted to a glaring contest. Sol continued the conversation as he calmed his breathing while Terra dutifully replied. However, neither side let down their guard as they spoke. There were no openings to take advantage of.</p>

      <p>“I fight for the people I must protect. My sword exists to ensure their unchanging future,” said Terra.</p>

      <p>“I see. A knight’s stereotypical response. But have you forgotten what the true form of the people you’re trying to protect is? It’s all just an illusion... They’re nothing but the Goddess’s spell, puppets in the shape of people. Is there any worth in a future for them? Wouldn’t simply fulfilling their role and disappearing be better for the world?” Sol asked, attempting to shake Terra up in a ridiculing manner by questioning the justness of his reason to fight.</p>

      <p>However, Terra was not affected. His blade would not be dulled by something like that. “It is as you say. But just like humans, we can laugh and cry too. We can share in joy and love others. Even if we are simply a fabrication of magic, in no world should it be fine to simply erase us one-sidedly.”</p>

      <p>“But to humans, you are simply invaders. Have you forgotten all the sins you have piled up in the past?”</p>

      <p>“I haven’t. I probably never will. I have killed many in order to protect my people. Yes, I am probably a murderer and a sinner to humans. But are the devilfolk, the <em>people</em> who have never set foot on the battlefield also to blame? Are those who dirtied their hands because they needed to do so to live evil? All of you were the ones who wanted this. Should we, who have had no other choice, also be judged for it?”</p>

      <p>While he was talking, Terra thought back to all those he’d killed. His past, in which he’d taken the lives of many brave souls who’d challenged him, would never disappear. No matter how a person may interpret it, he had deemed humanity as his enemy and had killed them in an effort to protect his people. He couldn’t simply make excuses like, “It was war.” There was no doubt in Terra’s mind that he was guilty. He had gone to the battlefield out of his own will and killed the same way.</p>

      <p><em>If they call me a sinner, I’ll accept it. If... If we do manage to find a way to rebirth the devilfolk and we become able to experience joy along with humanity... If such a future comes... If humans want to try me for my crimes... At that time, I will gladly head to the gallows as the last of the accursed devilfolk. I’ve been ready for this ever since I took up my sword. Ever since I killed my first person in battle, I’ve known that I would someday die miserably, and that’s exactly why I will give it my all to carve a path to the future. Even if I’m not in it, as long as she is, I’m happy.</em></p>

      <p>“So I will take this sword and use it to cut down our cursed fate. We will be the last devilfolk to walk down this evil path, so that we can live together instead of killing each other. For the future of my people... I will fight!”</p>

      <p>There was no hesitation in Terra’s swordsmanship and no doubt in his eyes. The light of the sun that came down from the heavens reflected off of his armor, and as his mantle flapped in the wind, his form was the picture of a noble swordsman.</p>

      <p>It was a complicated feeling for the Twelve Stars present, who, until just a little while ago, were the enemies of the devilfolk. Well, they were still enemies, to be fair, but they couldn’t simply take Terra’s words as convenient, sweet words from an invader that meant nothing. After all, his sentiments were the exact same as those of their master, Lufas. She’d also resolved to kill each and every one of her enemies in her pursuit of peace. She’d erased them mercilessly. By killing all the enemies, peace would eventually come. Lufas had run down that thorny path barefoot, heedless of both her own blood and the blood of her enemies dyeing her pure red.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, how ironic. To open the lid only to discover that two people of like minds have been killing each other for the same goal: peace. I suppose I should be happy about that, but this really is a complex feeling.</em></p>

      <p>Pollux paused as she watched the scene before her, eventually asking, “Hey, brother, is that man the next hero?”</p>

      <p>“No, the hero is another person. The current hero is some boy from a country called Japan named Sei.”</p>

      <p>“You mean that unreliable-looking child with the tiger, cat, and gorilla beastfolk?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. It’s the unreliable-looking boy with the cat, tiger, and gorilla beastfolk.”</p>

      <p>Pollux was filled with silent disbelief. “<em>He’s</em> the hero?”</p>

      <p>“Apparently.”</p>

      <p><em>What is...</em></p>

      <p>With that half-formed thought, the fairy siblings melancholically watched the fierce fight between Sol and Terra grow in intensity. Things seemed even so far, but that was only because of their advantage of numbers. This equilibrium could fall at any second, but Sol seemed to be enjoying this hard battle, his expression dyed with the utmost joy at such a challenging fight.</p>

      <p>However, it seemed that whatever was lurking behind Sol wasn’t enjoying how close this battle was nearly as much as he. “She” wanted to make victory as guaranteed as possible, so she’d decided to send in help—and a third party boorishly intervened.</p>

      <p>“This... No!”</p>

      <p>Sol’s body shined with divine light, and the feeling of pressure he gave off increased. There was no doubt; the Goddess had made her move. Feeling that, Castor shouted at the same time as Sol.</p>

      <p><em>Crap, this is bad. </em>Castor had simply felt a sense of dread and danger as Sol’s power increased, but Sol had that feeling first.</p>

      <p><em>You shouldn’t have done this!</em></p>

      <p>“Oh, Goddess, stop this! This is...”</p>

      <p>“It’s too late. Looks like you made her worry.”</p>

      <p>While Sol panicked, Pollux simply spoke quietly. Then, Parthenos removed the ring on her finger that was sealing her power. <em>Let the Goddess give him power. That just means her attention is elsewhere. </em>That was basically saying outright that there was no danger of Pollux getting possessed again, the very thing she was afraid of... It was a foolish move.</p>

      <p>“Come around me, my beloved children... Come, argonautai!”</p>

      <p>A pillar of light rose out of Pollux’s body and pierced through the sky. The heavens split, and light shined down. From the gap in the clouds, heroic spirits descended to the earth one after the other. Answering the Fairy Princess’s call, each and every one of them readied their weapons. With that, the battle was decided. With both fairy siblings together and an army of heroic spirits all summoned at once, there were very few things in all of Mizgarz that could win against such a thing.</p>

      <p>Sol clicked his tongue, realizing he was being forced to accept that his fun time was over. Even if he stayed, he would just die.</p>

      <p>“I guess this is it. Even I wouldn’t be able to win with all these ancient heroes here.” Sol paused, considering his options. “Well, whatever. I can just go finish off the current heroes. Not to mention, I already achieved my goal here.” With those ominous words, Sol swiftly turned around and left.</p>

      <p>Castor reacted quickly, ordering several heroic spirits to give chase, but running him down would be hard given how Sol was giving his all to running away. Pollux was deeply impressed, seeing Sol running away so skillfully, and she upwardly adjusted her impression of him. <em>He’s not just strong. He has good decision-making skills too. He’s going to be quite the enemy.</em></p>

      <p>“As soon as he realizes he can’t win, he makes a quick escape before you can prevent it, huh?” Pollux paused for a second. “He’s good.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Those who can tell when it’s time to leave are the hardest to deal with. We’ve made a troublesome enemy,” Parthenos commented, praising Sol’s skillfulness.</p>

      <p>The victory just now was purely due to the Goddess jumping the gun. If she hadn’t, they would definitely have had casualties, whether they won or lost.</p>

      <p><em>But his last line before he left... Was that a bluff? The ouroboros still shows no signs of moving. It’s still sleeping. Also, did he mean the Seven Heroes? That part was probably a trap too. There’s a high chance that he’s aiming for an opening we’ll make when we try to protect the Seven Heroes.</em></p>

      <p>However, Pollux hadn’t noticed that deep down in the depths of the earth, the Ouroboros of Wood opened its eyes once before quickly closing them again.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>The ocean—it is the mother of all life and a world of its own, filled with mysteries. In its depths there existed those who had built a civilization alien to humanity: the merfolk. They could also be called fish people, and they were children of the sea who possessed high intelligence and combat ability. The women had human upper halves and fish lower halves. Meanwhile, the men were the complete opposite, and in this world, they were classified as demihumans.</p>

      <p>Also, the fish people were largely split into two groups: those who would venture to the surface, wanting to be treated as people, and those who had completely shunned the surface and thus made the ocean their own paradise. The former had pledged allegiance to Leon, while the latter lived in the ocean kingdom of Skíðblaðnir.</p>

      <p>Beautiful mermaids swam through clear waters, guarded by males armed with harpoons. Most of the buildings in this civilization were towers. The places that would seem to be windows to an outsider were all open, allowing the merfolk to swim in and out. The buildings were shaped like towers, but there were no stairs of any sort. There were simply holes connecting different floors, which was enough for the merfolk who could move freely in three dimensions. This construction was based on such movement, which was impossible on the surface.</p>

      <p>In lieu of vehicles or other such transportation, the merfolk used monsters transformed from orcas named orvahls. Even the babies were ten meters long, and the large monsters went up to thirty meters long at the biggest. They were also possessed of high intelligence and were strong in combat, but even then, they were tamed easily, bonding well with people.</p>

      <p>There was also one other animal that was closely entwined with their lives, small ones named dohfins. These were originally dolphins who were domesticated, and after many years living with the merfolk, they became smaller and were now completely treated as pets. The merfolk also selectively bred them, resulting in dohfins of many different colors. However, this also resulted in a problem of stray dohfins in the street after their owners had gotten tired of raising them and had thrown them away.</p>

      <p>There was a single building a size larger than the rest in this underwater capital. It was a large palace made of pure gold and crystal, and it screamed to the world that the king of all the merfolk of this country lived there. The only ones employed within the palace were the most beautiful of mermaids. There was not a single male in sight. Also, the mermaids working there were all blondes or redheads, and they all had long hair.</p>

      <p>In the farthest reaches of the palace, in a room that was extremely gaudy, shiny, and adorned with an almost unbelievable amount of crystal, was this palace’s only man. He was sitting on a throne that looked like a large seashell, being waited on by beautiful mermaids. Strangely enough for a country of merfolk, he alone seemed fully human. There were no fish parts on him, and he only wore frilly, fin-like clothing that swayed in the water currents. His blond hair was slicked back, and his sharp eyes fully showed his arrogant attitude. There was a beauty mark in the center of his forehead, and his face was well into the category of elegantly beautiful. By outward appearance, he looked to be in his early twenties. He was thin, but his clothing showed how trained his body was as the women serviced him.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>