<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_6">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Eventually, all the eyes turned at once to focus on Pisces, Libra, and Aigokeros.</p>

      <p>“■■■■■■■■■■”</p>

      <p>Something came out of the thing’s mouth, something so strange it could neither be called words nor even sound, but could still only be described as a voice. However, what it said could not be understood or translated at all. At least, there was no doubt that the sound could not be recreated by a human, and it would be impossible to render into writing either.</p>

      <p>Hearing that voice, the orvahl that Pisces had been riding immediately fell into a panic and started to thrash around. All this just from its voice. Just its voice caused a level 500 monster to lose its wits and sink into the throes of terror.</p>

      <p>Libra immediately shot the orvahl with a paralyzing shot to quiet it down before instantly turning her barrel towards the giant monstrosity. “Be careful. Its voice has an insanity effect on it. It is similar to Aigokeros’s ability.”</p>

      <p>“Hmph, the nerve,” Aigokeros said.</p>

      <p>Manipulating mental states was the area of Aigokeros’s specialty. Aigokeros flared up with a sense of rivalry towards the monstrosity and made himself giant, taking on his ominous demon form. His goat eyes shined as he attempted to lead the giant thing into insanity.</p>

      <p>However, the monstrosity didn’t seem fazed at all. In fact, it replied to Aigokeros’s attempts in kind by releasing a pressurizing aura. It was a showdown between the demon king and a wicked god. Their habitats were different, but they were each born of high concentrations of mana, causing them to be mutated to the extreme.</p>

      <p>The waves of power coming off the two of them stained the ocean black and caused fish for several kilometers around to lose their sanity and die of shock while screaming. A pair of male merfolk laughed incessantly as they stabbed each other with their weapons and died at the same time. Meanwhile, a sea creature with a long body like a snake’s chewed open its own belly, ending its life.</p>

      <p>Their very existences represented calamity. Without even lifting a finger, those driven to insanity by them were ending their own lives. Such was the power of the wicked god and demon king; they were evil embodied. However, neither of the two who were in the center of this whirlpool of insanity were affected by the other.</p>

      <p>“I expected this, but it looks like your manipulation is doing nothing.”</p>

      <p>Libra launched anchors from her hip cannons. She aimed for the monstrosity’s body, right at the part that contained a high density of important organs. Libra’s eyes could see through matter, much like an X-ray on Earth would, and she could clearly make out the wicked god’s innards through its tough skin. The shape and positioning of its organs was just as nonsensical as its form would suggest; nothing inside matched with any of Libra’s data on living things. However, Libra was somehow able to determine which organs were important and which were not from the flow of its blood.</p>

      <p>The anchors stabbed into the wicked god, seeming to have met no resistance at all, and Libra started to transmit the ultrasonic waves. The wicked god’s body twitched as it reacted to the attack, and it let out a sound that was most likely a scream. But even if it was taking damage, it wasn’t enough to be fatal.</p>

      <p>The wicked god focused its gaze on Libra, and it extended all the tentacles growing from its head at once in an attempt at a counterattack. Libra instantly calculated her enemy’s attack speed and her probability of dodging the swing. <em>Estimated speed: Mach 40,000... Dodge probability: thirty percent... </em></p>

      <p>The tentacles swarmed Libra, each one moving with a mind of its own. Libra prioritized dodging over her ultrasonic waves in order to avoid a direct hit. Meanwhile, she launched another attack of her own. She ejected the wings on the back of her Astraia M unit, and the eight wings changed into blades as they flew forward.</p>

      <p>The eight blades each moved independently, spinning as they severed one tentacle after the other. The blades only cut down the tentacles Libra could not avoid. Aigokeros and Pisces helped her avoid the tentacles, but one of them managed to land a hit on a wing and destroyed it.</p>

      <p>The loss of even a single wing blade created a gap in Libra’s defenses, and the tentacles took full advantage. However, Aigokeros swung with his scythe, reaping all the tentacles at once before they could land an attack on Libra. She took that chance to return the wings to her back, and now it was Pisces’s turn to attack.</p>

      <p>“Bow down, scum!”</p>

      <p>Pisces moved at a speed so fast it looked like he’d disappeared. Maneuvering to a position over the wicked god, he swung his trident down at it. His single strike split the wicked god’s head and even affected the space behind it, digging a straight line in the seafloor.</p>

      <p>“HEH HA HA HA HA HA! What, is that all you got?! You’re weak, you inferior thing!” Pisces laughed uproariously, sure of his victory. However, what happened the next moment froze him on the spot.</p>

      <p>Its head was definitely split; there was no saving it. But it regenerated at an extreme rate. Meat welled up from the split, instantly swelling up. It was no normal regeneration either. The cut parts didn’t knit back together. New meat grew from the split, and now there were two heads. When the three of them looked, they could see that the tentacles Aigokeros had severed had also doubled as they grew back.</p>

      <p>“■■■■■”</p>

      <p>The wicked god wriggled its tentacles, launching all three of its opponents at the same time. After being slammed into the seafloor, Libra quickly recovered and strafed with her assault rifle while Aigokeros shot a bullet of magic.</p>

      <p>There was no time for the wicked god to avoid the blows, which cut a part of its body to ribbons upon impact. However, those wounds also repaired themselves in an instant, forming another chunk of meat and transforming an already-aberrant creature into something even more aberrant. The new chunk quickly dropped from the wicked god, becoming a miniature version of it.</p>

      <p>The mini-god immediately made for Libra, biting onto the wings on one side of her Astraia unit. Libra quickly reacted, pulverizing its head with her steel fist before saying, “The Astraia Type M’s damage rate is at twenty-two percent... Speed has dropped fifteen percent.”</p>

      <p>Added to the damage from earlier, the Astraia Type M had now lost two wings. Libra herself had yet to be damaged, but she had taken quite the hit to her agility. It was especially dangerous because if Libra were to lose her Astraia M in this underwater battle, she would automatically sink to the ocean floor. Taking any more damage was incredibly dangerous.</p>

      <p>“■■■■■...”</p>

      <p>The wicked god muttered something as its multitude of eyes wriggled in their sockets. In an instant, the three Twelve Stars were assaulted with an overwhelming feeling of pressure. It was as if an invisible hand had reached out and were crushing them.</p>

      <p>“Tch! This insolent... It’s manipulating the water, making it denser around us. So it plans to just crush us like this...!”</p>

      <p>Pisces’s expression twisted, and he threw his trident. But the thrown weapon never reached its target; the trident crumpled in on itself in mid-flight. However, while that was happening, Libra’s fist had launched from her elbow and made contact with the wicked god, and once it was distracted, Aigokeros’s scythe rammed home. The scythe was imbued with an instant-death effect, but unfortunately, it didn’t work on the wicked god, though that was to be expected. Even so, Aigokeros continued to swing his scythe undaunted, carving a straight furrow in the monstrosity’s body.</p>

      <p>“We’ll press the advantage before it regenerates,” said Aigokeros. “Follow me!”</p>

      <p>Aigokeros gathered mana in both hands, and he unleashed his specialty, Deneb Algedi. The spell gouged out the wicked god’s body, and Libra followed up with her anchors. The anchors stabbed into the monstrosity’s head, and the ultrasonic waves destroyed the innards. After that, Pisces leapt upwards, determined to press the advantage.</p>

      <p>“You won’t be able to act big forever, you gigantic unsightly monstrosity! We are the great king of the ocean! Learn your place...scum!”</p>

      <p>Pisces howled, and his mouth split from the sides. Scales appeared all over Pisces’s body, and his once graceful face quickly changed into that of a monster. A horn grew from his head, and he grew even larger than the wicked god. Pisces had become a snake...no, a dragon.</p>

      <p>There were five dragons which represented the Goddess in this world. While Pisces did not even closely match them for size, he still resembled an ouroboros strongly, and he gave off a powerful divine feeling. If there were anyone present who knew of Levia, Svel’s guardian deity, they’d probably notice that it resembled Pisces as he was now.</p>

      <p>Pisces bit into the wicked god and ascended, his gigantic body bursting out of the ocean and exposing his form to those on land as he continued on out of the atmosphere into space. Just like that, he used all his power to push the wicked god into the moon before opening his large mouth and gathering a destructive light in it.</p>

      <p>“Disappear from my sight!” Pisces fired.</p>

      <p>He fired, and fired, and fired, and fired, and fired, and fired, and fired, and fired, and fired.</p>

      <p>If he were to fire this beam at Mizgarz, it wouldn’t quite go as far as destroying the entire planet, but it would wipe out all civilizations from the face of it, and he was unleashing multiple beams of this power mercilessly and unreservedly at the wicked god. Each impact carved a deeper depression into the moon, changing its shape. Once the moon had completely warped from its once spherical shape, Pisces once again bit into the wicked god, which was now nothing more than a destroyed husk. This time, he descended back towards Mizgarz.</p>

      <p>Once again, the two returned to the deeps as Pisces slammed the monstrosity into the sea bed before finally resuming his human form.</p>

      <p>“Heh... Heh HA HA HA HA HA! Have you learned your lesson?! In the end, something like you could never match up to us!” Pisces reveled in his victory, laughing heartily.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Libra calmly observed the enemy without growing impatient, noticing that its signs of life hadn’t weakened in the slightest. “No, it’s not over yet,” she said, speaking up.</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>Libra was proved correct when the wicked god got back up. It had hideous burns all over its body, but outside of the wound to its body dealt by Aigokeros, almost all its wounds were done healing by now.</p>

      <h1>14</h1>

      <p><em>Just what is invincibility? What does a power that will never suffer defeat look like?</em> That was the eternal question of all those who lived their lives in battle, a pinnacle for all of them to reach.</p>

      <p><em>Is there a combination of the abundant skills, magic, and heaven-arts available here in Mizgarz that will allow someone to always grasp victory? </em>There was not a single person who had reached level 1000 who had not asked themselves that question.</p>

      <p>Among them, the Vampire Princess Benetnasch had come up with an idea for an answer. That idea had been to combine high HP and percentile HP regeneration. Mizgarz was subject to a damage ceiling, and no hit could deal more than 100,000 damage at a time. Since that was the case, if someone were to raise their max HP high enough that their percentile HP regeneration were to recover 99,999 HP every tick, then every blow would simply be recovered in the next second, damage would never stay around, and in theory, this person would never lose.</p>

      <p>In reality, Benetnasch had gotten exceedingly close to this ideal, and if the damage dealt to her wasn’t serious enough, she would simply regenerate it immediately. Of course, that wasn’t the only thing she had going for her, but in terms of defense, that was probably her strongest feature. That was why she never bothered defending in battle and was able to put all her effort and power into attacking. But now, there was one other being that embodied that ideal.</p>

      <p>“■■■■■■...■■■■”</p>

      <p>The abhorrent god howled. Each little piece of it emitted sound and smell, and everything about it summoned up a strong, primal feeling of discomfort and disgust as it tried to drag those around it into insanity.</p>

      <p>In front of the wicked god, whose very existence could be called a nightmare, Aigokeros still stood unmoved. After all, he was the king of demons, and someone who did very much the same thing. They were even in that respect. The huge forms of the wicked god and the demon king once again locked themselves in close combat, causing Libra to mutter, “Time required to begin regenerating wounds... Calculated at 0.05 seconds. Time needed for full recovery: 0.6 seconds. How annoying,” as she looked up at them.</p>

      <p>Pisces’s face scrunched up after hearing what Libra had said. The time needed for it to make a full recovery was less than a second, fast enough for any normal human or monster to not even be able to register what had happened. It wouldn’t be too far to say that it regenerated wounds as soon as they were dealt to it.</p>

      <p>Of course, the fighters here were easily able to intervene in that regeneration. It was more than possible for them to throw out attacks within hundredths of a second, faster than it could start to regenerate. And no matter how ridiculous its regeneration abilities were, there was no reason it couldn’t be defeated by killing it faster than it could heal. All they had to do was keep hitting it faster than its regenerative capabilities could compensate for.</p>

      <p>For example, let’s use Benetnasch once again. If she were here, then she could easily have made dozens of attacks in the time the wicked god would have needed to start regenerating, and it’d have been possible for her to drive it to the point of death in a mere moment.</p>

      <p>Ironically, the strategy most effective against Benetnasch was used by Benetnasch herself. Lufas would’ve been a step behind Benetnasch, but she could also push through with the speed of her attacks. However, neither the Vampire Princess nor the Black-Winged Conqueror were present. There were only Aigokeros, Libra, and Pisces. Hypotheticals about if they had been present would have no meaning. What was important was how the three who were here could grasp victory.</p>

      <p>Pisces suggested a method of breaking out of this while weaving past attacking tentacles, saying, “We can just attack it faster than it can regenerate. It’s simple.”</p>

      <p>But it was quickly shot down by Libra. “That’s not a realistic plan. The enemy’s level is higher than ours. It’s not like some sort of sandbag that won’t fight back. We won’t be able to conveniently beat up on it with no retaliation.”</p>

      <p>As was noted before, attacking faster than it could regenerate was a viable solution, so what Pisces had said was not wrong. However, the wicked god would, of course, attack back, defend, and dodge. It would probably also be able to heal itself using its skills, which meant that in order to succeed with that strategy, there needed to be an overwhelming speed advantage on the Twelve Stars’ side, enough to leave behind their enemy in the dust.</p>

      <p>However, the wicked god and Libra’s group were even with regards to speed. Of course, this level of speed was already several levels above what any normal warrior could keep up with, but given that they were fighting in the same time frame, the strategy mentioned by Pisces was not realistically feasible.</p>

      <p>“But...luckily for us, we have the natural enemy of all natural regenerators. Look.”</p>

      <p>Libra pointed to the wicked god’s side. The wound Aigokeros had gouged out of it earlier had yet to be healed. Its body, previously destroyed by Libra’s anchors and Pisces’s beams, was already almost fully regenerated by now. Only the wound caused by Aigokeros was left.</p>

      <p>Aigokeros’s attacks carried an irreversible curse. Once the wound was taken, it couldn’t be healed until the curse had run its course. Heaven-arts and items needn’t be discussed, and there was no point in trying to cut the affected part away. In fact, even elixirs and amritas found themselves powerless in the face of this curse. In other words, Aigokeros was the natural counter to this aberrant wicked god.</p>

      <p>“So we’ll have to rely on him, huh? I don’t really like it, but...” Pisces trailed off.</p>

      <p>“Then will you become the lynchpin of this fight?” Libra asked. “With your unique skill—its name was Alrescha, right? Using that to win would be...possible.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t joke. I will not use my skill on such an ugly opponent.”</p>

      <p>“Thought not. Then stop complaining and help support Aigokeros.”</p>

      <p>“That’s all fine and great. Just hurry up and start fighting! How long are you planning to leave me out here alone?!” Aigokeros’s angry shout interrupted the other two as they were arguing about the best strategy to take. Ever since the conversation started, he’d been left to deal with the wicked god by himself, and he was starting to reach his limits.</p>

      <p>Libra rejoined the fight without bothering to reply. She bounded upwards and stuck her bent knee out of her skirt. As the skirt flipped up, it revealed parts that were normally hidden, including the golem-like joint. Her kneecap opened up and the cannon inside fired. The round impacted against the wicked god and exploded, and Pisces lost no time in following up.</p>

      <p>“Maelstrom!”</p>

      <p>The whirlpool created by high-tier Water magic caught the wicked god, stopping it from moving, and Aigokeros was not the kind of person to let a chance like that go. As if he’d been waiting for this opening the entire time, he shot a black undulating bullet at the wicked god’s chest area.</p>

      <p>But the wicked god’s vitality was not something to be underestimated. It looked for a moment like the monstrosity was shaken, but the next second, it acted using all its tentacles as if it’d never taken any damage. The thing launched an attack in all directions to beat down its three opponents.</p>

      <p>“■■■■■■■■■!!!” As always, the wicked god’s shout could not be translated into any language, and it thrashed around as if it’d lost its temper.</p>

      <p>The wicked god now had several hundred tentacles to work with, as it had gained extra ones due to its regenerations, which meant that this monstrosity could attack over a hundred times at once. This fierce barrage of strikes could not be perfectly defended against, even by those who boasted high defensive capability, like Libra, Aigokeros, and Pisces. This was especially true of Libra’s Astraia M, which was at its limit now. Even though Libra herself was more than capable of keeping up the fight, her attachable equipment was not nearly as durable as she was.</p>

      <p>“The Astraia Type M...is over eighty percent damaged. Looks like this is it.”</p>

      <p>This attachment was a golem that Lufas had made in order to help Libra move in the water, but with this much damage, it was no longer useful. Now, it was no longer anything but a flashy accessory. A golem that was of no use and only existed for show was nothing more than a wretched piece of garbage. At least, that was what Libra thought. If she was to ever get this bad she would herself have wanted to be destroyed rather than be left without a purpose. A golem’s raison d’être was to be useful to its master and fulfilling that was more important than Libra’s own life. So as a fellow golem, Libra decided to give her broken wings one last chance to shine.</p>

      <p>“Astraia Type M: Purge!”</p>

      <p>Libra’s broken wings separated from her back along with her declaration and shot towards the wicked god. This was the last weapon available to the Astraia Type M. Basically, it was a last-ditch charge that used itself as a weapon. Even though even more of it was shaved away by the monstrosity’s waving tentacles, the set of wings managed to impact the wicked god. When it did, a bright white flash erupted from the impact site.</p>

      <p>“Self-destruct!”</p>

      <p>There was no lag between Libra’s order and the Astraia Type M following it and exploding. Libra showed no reaction towards the golem that had just brilliantly fulfilled its duty and fought till the end. The fight was still ongoing, and taking advantage of the opening created by the Type M’s explosion would be the ultimate way to show gratitude. So even while exercising restraint, Libra quickly brought her greatest weapon to bear.</p>

      <p>“Brachium!”</p>

      <p>Libra shut both herself and her enemy in a field of light and unleashed the scales’ attack, which inflicted maximum damage to all targets no matter who they were. Swallowed up in the light of Brachium, the wicked god was blown to smithereens with not even a single tentacle left, and in that moment, Aigokeros’s curse hit. The tentacles had already started to regrow, but before they finished, Aigokeros’s attack shaved away at the wicked god. He felt the feedback of his strike landing. <em>At this speed, I think I can get in one more hit before it starts to regenerate.</em></p>

      <p>However, the situation was not favorable; at this point, Libra was basically out of the fight. Even though the damage she’d taken was light, she wouldn’t be able to keep up with the fight now that she’d lost all her mobility. Of course, she was still capable of walking along the ocean floor and providing supporting fire, but it was still a big blow to their combat potential.</p>

      <p>The wicked god opened its huge mouth and aimed at Libra, firing off a magic bullet. <em>That’s strong enough to take an arm</em>,<em> </em>Libra judged, so she moved to block it so as to protect her head and chest.<em> </em>But at that moment, a magic arrow rushed past her and met the bullet in mid-flight, canceling it out.</p>

      <p>“That’s...!”</p>

      <p>Libra was modestly surprised as she was caught by someone behind her and was quickly carried upwards, though the one who was probably most surprised here was Pisces. As for why, well, they’d just received completely unexpected reinforcements.</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re... Suirat?”</p>

      <p>They were joined by Suirat, the apprentice maid whom Pisces had just set his eyes on. It was the girl that he was going to have accompany him that night because her hair color was the same as Lufas’s. But surprisingly, she was moving at the same speed as Pisces and the others—in fact, she was even faster. Seeing that, Pisces instantly understood what was going on. <em>This one’s...not a normal merfolk!</em> In front of his eyes, Suirat yelled out, “Everyone, listen! I’ve just sent a missive to Miss Lufas! She will now be using Alkaid!”</p>

      <p>That was when Lufas activated Alkaid. She burst through the level cap and dragged the rest of the Twelve Heavenly Stars along with her to their own level caps. The problem was, how did this girl who’d never even met Lufas do such a thing like it was only natural?</p>

      <p>Actually, the skill Alkaid was something only made recently as well, so it was strange that she knew of that too. With all this evidence piled up, Pisces finally figured it out, however. He realized who he’d just ordered to attend to him in the night, and it was a truth that he would rather have remained ignorant to.</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re... No way!!!”</p>

      <p>“I certainly am,” Suirat replied with a deep and thick voice.</p>

      <p>Her body was wrapped in light. Along with some uselessly sparkly effects, the young mermaid changed forms... Rather, she undid her disguise. She was now a man with the build of a seasoned warrior, complete with a rugged face and thick eyebrows. His sculpted body was like iron, and he wielded a bow in his hands. His lower half changed from a fish into a horse, and once Pisces realized his dreadful prediction had come true, he was assaulted with an overwhelming urge to vomit.</p>

      <p>“I, Sagittarius the Archer, one of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, have arrived.”</p>

      <p>“GODDAMMMIIIIIIITTTT! YOU TRICKED US! WE WERE TRIIIIICCCKKKEEEDDDD!!!”</p>

      <p>“In order to deceive the enemy, you must start with your friends.”</p>

      <p>“JUST THINK ABOUT WHAT YOU’RE DOING! YOU’RE A HUGE, RUGGED MAN! DON’T CHANGE INTO A NICE GIRL LIKE THAT!” Pisces objected while fully in tears, but he was flatly and emotionlessly ignored by Sagittarius.</p>

      <p>He didn’t think he’d really done anything that strange. He’d received the order to find Pisces, and the easiest way to get close to him was to assume the form of a beautiful mermaid. After seeing the women who worked in the palace, Sagittarius had realized that Pisces was gathering women who looked like their master, and so he’d changed his hair color to resemble Lufas’s. Everything had been done in the name of efficiency, so Sagittarius didn’t consider himself to have a hobby or habit of cross-dressing. Sagittarius had indeed done all of that in seriousness.</p>

      <p>“Now, it’s time for the comeback. We’re going to decide this all at once.”</p>

      <p>Sagittarius, with no ill will, tried to wrap everything up and get the fight restarted, while Pisces could only retort in a tired mutter, “We would rather defeat you than the wicked god.”</p>

      <h1>15</h1>

      <p>Power rose explosively inside Aigokeros, Pisces, and Sagittarius. Their master, Lufas, surpassed her own limits and brought the rest of them up with her, so they were now at level 1000 and bumping up against the limits set by the Goddess. Gaps in levels were never something to ignore, and the bigger the gap was, the more important it got.</p>

      <p>For example, the difference between a level 1 and a level 2 was not much, even though the level difference was double that of the level 1. The level 1, in this case, would still be more than able to defeat their opponent, though even a one-level difference was not something to underestimate at low levels. However, if the fight were between a level 10 and a level 20, then the difference would be insurmountable by normal means. If you went even further and compared a level 100 to a level 200, then there would be no overturning the foregone conclusion.</p>

      <p>The level difference between the Twelve Stars members and the wicked god was 200. Even Libra had to deal with a ninety-level difference. The wicked god must also have realized how strange Aigokeros and the rest were to be able to deal with this difference. It could not use language, but there was still no doubt it understood that the delicate balance of this battle had tipped irreversibly just now.</p>

      <p>“Now then, let’s end this, mutated one. In respect of your strength, I will also use my full abilities. Bear witness to the true form of the demon king, Aigokeros!”</p>

      <p>Lifting the level restriction on the Twelve Stars meant that they were able to exhibit their original powers. In the past, Aigokeros had been feared as the demon king of Hel, and now, his shackles had been taken off.</p>

      <p>The goat demon’s eyes shined red as he unfurled his wings. His real body—the old gentleman who had stayed at the projection’s feet up until now—disappeared as he completely assimilated with his projection. And that wasn’t all. All the mana in their surroundings started to gather around him. It was just like what happened in Draupnir with Mercurius.</p>

      <p>“Gather around me, my dark power!”</p>

      <p>By absorbing the black mana, Aigokeros’s phantom became real. His lower half, which had up until now been swaying incorporeally in the water like a fish, turned into a solid set of furred legs. His body grew even bigger than the already gigantic one hundred meters tall that it had been maintaining previously, becoming over one kilometer in height and still growing.</p>

      <p>All of Mizgarz became swathed in dark clouds as thunder resounded. The entire world trembled in fear at the coming of the demon king. The demon king grasped the wicked god as his goat head broke through the clouds and into the stratosphere. At this point, all this was clearly visible from space. It looked like there was a giant goat demon the size of a small planet growing out of Mizgarz.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>