<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>However, not having a person’s appearance match up with their actual age was par for the course by now, and there were many such cases among the Twelve Stars. Aquarius was one of those examples as well; she did not look her age at all. In fact, it wasn’t certain if the concept of aging even applied to her. After all, she wasn’t a monster or a person at all. She wasn’t even a golem. She was a tool with a will made by the Goddess... In other words, she was an item.</p>

      <p>Her official name was Sacred Artifact: Empress of the Sea, Aquarius. Even the face and body she was peeking out of her pitcher with were simply things made of water in order for her to be able to communicate with others easier. Her true body was the pitcher.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, oh my. If it isn’t the actual lesbian scorpion, the fool crab, and the sheep brat. Man, you’re makin’ me nostalgic! Behind you all is... Uh, who were they again?”</p>

      <p>“I’m Fenix!”</p>

      <p>“I’m Hydras!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, that’s right!” Aquarius said. “The grilled chicken and the blue snake!”</p>

      <p>“I’m a phoenix!”</p>

      <p>“I’m a water dragon!”</p>

      <p>Also, Aquarius was patently unable to remember people’s names, possibly because she was an item. That was why she tended to call people by their races rather than their names, whether they were friend or foe. It was so extreme that she even referred to Lufas as “owner” rather than by her name. Luckily, though her speech was rather rude, she wasn’t as wild and violent as Leon. In fact, she was rather friendly to just about anyone and was in the section of the Twelve Stars with a more moderate temperament.</p>

      <p>Aquarius rested her elbows on the rim of her pitcher, laughing throatily as she talked. “So, did you all need somethin’? You came all the way here, after all. I’ll at least treat you all to food.”</p>

      <p>“Ahhh... Yeah. That’s great and all, but we didn’t come to play. Actually, Miss Lufas has returned, so we came to bring you back.”</p>

      <p>Aquarius paused, then said, “Ahhh... ’zat so? So it’s already been two hundred years... Time flies, don’t it?” Aquarius didn’t show much surprise at the news. In fact, she seemed like she’d known this would happen from the start when she spoke.</p>

      <p>Seeing that, Scorpius couldn’t help but experience a fairly heavy amount of jealousy. Lufas had never said a word to her about her revival, but Parthenos, Pollux, and Aquarius all knew. She knew why this was. Lufas had probably wanted to keep her revival a secret, even from her friends, but if she had, then she couldn’t have relied on those who were sealing the ouroboroses to remain there. They might have left their post or even, in the worst case, proceeded to attack humanity themselves, so she had only told a select few in order to make sure that didn’t happen. Scorpius knew that, but knowing didn’t make her feel any better.</p>

      <p>“But now’s not a great time. Could you wait a bit?”</p>

      <p>“Did something happen?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah... I guess it did. I’m sure all of you already know I’m sealing the Fire ouroboros, but it’s a pretty light sleeper. Every twenty years or so it creates an avatar to wander about like a sleepwalker. Not only that, but because it’s half-asleep, it burns up anything that’s near it. It’s a lot of trouble.” Aquarius seemed annoyed as she talked, eventually heaving a sigh. “Well, it calms right down as soon as the avatar’s destroyed, and in the end, it’s just a half-asleep avatar, so it’s not all that strong. Still, it’s part of an ouroboros. Of course, it’s stronger than any old monster or devilfolk.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Meaning you can’t leave until it’s defeated. No wonder you had so much trouble with Pluto.”</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah, that. Well, he would have proven to be a bit much for my carrier. My carrier probably wouldn’t lose one-on-one, but an army that big would be a bit too much for him,” Aquarius said as she looked at Ganymedes. She wasn’t exactly blaming him for it or anything, but Ganymedes still flinched. “Anyway, enough about that. He was just a small fry who didn’t matter even if he was left alone.”</p>

      <p>“Heyyy, then doesn’t that mean we just worked for nothing?”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha! Sorry, sorry. Oh, getting back on track... It looks like you brought in some replacements for me, but the grilled chicken and blue snake there won’t stand a chance. I can’t come with you unless we take care of this. Sorry ’bout that.”</p>

      <p>Hydras and Fenix were by no means weak. In fact, they were very strong monsters. One was a phoenix, the strongest of the bird-type monsters, who had very strong regenerative abilities as well as high firepower. The other was a dragon, well known as the strongest race with their strong physical and magic attack abilities. Either one of them held the power to change the face of this planet, if they so chose, but even then, Aquarius had judged them as insufficient.</p>

      <p>“Then W E will help you exorcise this avatar,” said Karkinos.</p>

      <p>“Huh? I mean, that’d be great, but... Are you sure?”</p>

      <p>“Y E S. W E need to fulfill our duty of bringing you back. We will help you, if that’s what’s necessary.” Karkinos winked before turning to look at his comrades behind him.</p>

      <p>Aries nodded. Hydras and Fenix likewise indicated their willingness to help. The only one who looked unhappy was Scorpius, but even she seemed to have realized that this was the best option. Reluctantly, she spat out, “Just do what you want.”</p>

      <p>“Okay. Then let’s all get to it tomorrow. It’s time to put that pesky dragon back to sleep,” Aquarius said happily. Aries and the others joined her in her laughter as well.</p>

      <p>It seemed that this mission would end without them having to fight another member of the Twelve Stars.</p>

      <p>The next day, Aries and the rest were led underground, but rather than the castle’s basement, it was more like the subterranean level of the whole of Nectar. Under the land of ice lay a surprisingly huge cage of ice, and it was so cold any normal person would quickly freeze to death, even with cold-weather clothing. It was one hundred degrees below freezing in the cage, but not only were the Water-aligned Hydras and Aquarius fine, even Aries and Scorpius seemed fine. Once again, common sense didn’t apply to monsters of sufficiently high level.</p>

      <p>If they were frail enough to fall to this cold, they would never be able to withstand ice magic unleashed at them by enemies. Even if it was the element they were weak to, Aries and the rest would never be taken down by mere temperature. They did feel cold, and none of them wanted to stay here too long, but that was it.</p>

      <p>Ganymedes walked in front while carrying Aquarius, followed by the group of five led by Aries. Eventually, they reached the deepest part of the ice cage, and they finally lay eyes on <em>it</em>.</p>

      <p>“So that is an ouroboros...”</p>

      <p>“This is ridiculous. Just its snout is bigger than me in my true form!” Scorpius exclaimed.</p>

      <p>It was absolutely enormous. Too enormous, even. They could only see the tip of its head, just from the nose on. Everything other than that was buried underground; they could literally only see a small part of it. However, even that small part was bigger than Scorpius in her monster form. The true scale of this creature beggared belief.</p>

      <p><em>I see. No wonder it has to be sealed. It’s not a question of strong or weak; we wouldn’t even get a turn with this thing.</em></p>

      <p>“Hey, are you sure the seal works? I heard from Miss Lufas that this isn’t something you can actually seal, so you’re just making sure the surroundings don’t change so they think that the world is still at peace and stay asleep...”</p>

      <p>“Oh? So that’s how the others do it. But too bad for you, that’s not what we’re doing here. Rather, such a laid-back method wouldn’t work here. As I said before, this one’s a light sleeper.”</p>

      <p>Aries was remembering how the Ouroboros of Heaven was sealed. Lufas had explained how it worked after they’d seen it, and the seal wasn’t actually something that could even be called as such. It was simply maintaining the surroundings. However, the seal for the Ouroboros of Fire was clearly different. The surroundings had changed drastically.</p>

      <p>Aquarius answered the question while playing with her hair. “My method is simple. Just cool it as much as possible to sap its energy and liveliness. This one’s really easy to understand. Get it? When it’s hot, it overflows with energy, but when it’s cold, it hibernates. That was why I was given the job, given my alignment.”</p>

      <p>Aquarius looked forward and spoke as if it was a huge bother. She was gazing at a single young man who was standing in front of the dragon like a ghost.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>