<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_8">
    <div class="main">
      <p>It was strange. Mizgarz, which had convenient powers like magic and alchemy going for it, was stuck in the comparative Middle Ages compared to Earth, which was so much more advanced, even when it couldn’t rely on those powers.</p>

      <p>The people walking along the street stopped to turn around and stare at us, and I could hear them whispering about something. <em>I suppose this hair color does stand out. Well, we do also look nothing like Japanese people. Whatever. For now, let’s just figure out where we are. If we just wander around randomly, I’m sure we’ll find some sort of sign or something to orient around sooner or later. I can just figure things out then. There’s also the local police... Hmm... If it weren’t for this speech style I’m stuck with, I could have considered them too...</em></p>

      <p>There was no way a blonde girl using the royal “we” in this day and age on Earth wouldn’t be considered suspicious. Not to mention, neither of us had any ID. In the worst case, we could be arrested for being illegal aliens. As expected, we should probably avoid the police.</p>

      <p>“Let’s just keep walking along this path for now. We should find a sign or something soon.”</p>

      <p>“Not sure what you’re talking about, but sure.”</p>

      <p>As we walked, I picked up a random rock and tried crushing it in my hands. <em>There’s no change to my grip strength. Looks like my physical abilities are still the same, even in this world. </em>I had wondered whether or not the differences between worlds would affect our physical abilities, but apparently, I had been worried for nothing. This meant that I could still run faster than sound and punch faster than light in this world. I could probably even reach the moon in a single leap.</p>

      <p>However, if I were to do any of that in this world, then I would be the cause of unimaginable casualties on Earth, so it was something that should never be done. My bangle was doing work at least, but even then, if I were to run at full speed, it would be rather easy to destroy an entire city. <em>I’m going to have to be careful.</em></p>

      <p>Just as that thought ran through my mind, Benet ignored a signal and was about to cross a street. Of course, the driver of the incoming truck lay on the horn as hard as he could, but even then, Benet showed no reaction. In fact, I could see her making a fist...</p>

      <p>“Stop that!”</p>

      <p>Reacting in time, I grabbed Benet by the nape and pulled her back. I made sure to hold back my speed a lot, so there wasn’t any damage to the surroundings, but even with all that, several students who happened to be nearby were shocked at what they had seen.</p>

      <p>“Hey, did you just see that, or was I just seeing things?”</p>

      <p>“N-No, I saw it too. That blonde foreigner, she was super fast...”</p>

      <p>“Wait, isn’t she, like, impossibly hot? Is she an idol?”</p>

      <p>Apparently, even that speed was too much. <em>Whatever. Should still be fine to leave them alone. </em>With just that many witnesses, it would, at most, blow up into a mysterious event. If they went as far as to talk about it on the internet, it might turn into a meme or something, but nobody would actually believe it.</p>

      <p>With Benet still in hand, I left the area.</p>

      <p>“What do you think you’re doing?”</p>

      <p>“That’s our line. What were you doing?”</p>

      <p>“That golem thing was shouting while charging at me, so I was about to teach it a lesson.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not a golem. It’s a vehicle. And the signal light was red, so you’re in the wrong for trying to cross. There are strict laws in this world about whether or not the road belongs to people or vehicles.”</p>

      <p>“Sig...nal?”</p>

      <p>“That thing. The one with three differently colored lights.”</p>

      <p>After that, I gave Benet a detailed explanation of traffic lights, cars, and roads, but it was doubtful she understood even half of it. Even while I was explaining it, I called one of the lights blue, and she argued that it was green. I had no response to that. At any rate, now I understood that I couldn’t let Benet out of my sight. She was seriously capable of anything.</p>

      <p>After a while of walking, we found something to orient ourselves around, as expected. <em>So we’re in...Tokyo, huh? I lived in Niigata, so we’re actually unexpectedly close. It should be just a little north of Tokyo... So we can just head in that general direction.</em></p>

      <p>However, our method of transport would be a problem. We had none of this world’s money. We did have gems and gold and the like, so it was possible to exchange things for money, but if I remembered correctly, that sort of thing needed proper ID.</p>

      <p><em>What to do... Maybe we should just jump from building to building? We probably won’t be seen that much if we do that. Even then, we should still get some money just in case though. I want to bring back food from this world too, after all. </em>I paused as I ran over our options internally. <em>I guess I should use that shit skill for once.</em></p>

      <p>I was referring to the skill “Money Getter.” It was a Ranger skill that allowed the user to find and gather money during battle. It was a useless skill. Any money gained through this skill would just be a drop in the bucket, and on top of that, you’d have to leave yourself defenseless during battle, so you’d just get hit and have the skill interrupted anyway. Of course, if the skill were to be interrupted, you’d lose all the money you would have gathered. It was absolutely useless unless you seriously had absolutely no money whatsoever, and even then, you could just sell something you had on hand to better effect, so in the end, it really had no use.</p>

      <p>I had tried using it a couple of times right after I’d gotten it, but it was so useless I immediately gave up on it. Whenever the subject of useless skills was brought up on the message boards, this skill would always be brought up. But it seemed even this skill had a niche, and that was when you were completely penniless on the streets with no ID.</p>

      <p>I lifted up a five-hundred-yen coin off the ground using telekinesis and caught it in my hand. It could be considered stealing, but I didn’t pay that any mind. With amounts this small, no one would bother reporting it stolen anyway. Of course, this also meant that five hundred yen would be used up quickly, so there was a need to multiply it.</p>

      <p>Luckily, there was a slot machine place nearby. To be honest, I wasn’t very familiar with them, but things should work out anyway. It was time for my luck value of 9280 to finally show its worth, given how useless it was normally.</p>

      <p>I temporarily removed my bangle and entered the establishment. Benet’s face scrunched in as soon as she experienced the noise and general dirty atmosphere, but at least it didn’t seem like she’d go on a rampage anytime soon. Well, it was only about the same level of noise as gambling dens in Mizgarz though.</p>

      <p>In the end, I won buckets. Midway through, I shared my coins with Benet, and we both took advantage of our luck stats to make a killing. It was remarkable how Benet responded to the anime characters on the machines, making remarks over every little thing like, “Aren’t her eyes too big?” and, “Why is her face so wide?”</p>

      <p>We’d managed to work up over one hundred thousand yen for the moment, which was enough to go shopping without too much worry in this world.</p>

      <p>I put the bangle back on, and just as we left the slots place, there was a scream. Turning around, I saw a small child about to run right into a truck at an intersection a little ways away. The crossing signal was green, which meant the truck was the one ignoring the light. <em>Yep, the trope of tropes, </em>I thought.</p>

      <p>I lightly kicked off the ground, jumping into the intersection in time to punch away the truck that was closing in on the child. Well, rather than punched away, it was more like I made it float in the air a little. There was no way I would do something like blowing it far away to cause even more trouble for people. The truck, which spent a couple seconds in the air, landed safely, and while the driver inside had fainted he was safe.</p>

      <p><em>He’s got a smartphone in his hand... That’s dangerous. Pay attention when you’re driving, dipshit. Maybe I should have punched a little harder.</em></p>

      <p>When I looked around, I noticed that there was already a gaggling audience forming. There were even people pointing their smartphones at me. <em>Oh crap, I went too far.</em></p>

      <p>I left the place slowly, making sure not to break the sound barrier—though, to them, it had probably seemed like I had gone supersonic—making sure to take Benet with me as I leapt away.</p>

      <p>“Hey, weren’t we supposed to lay low?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Sorry.”</p>

      <p>I continued making my getaway by jumping from building to building, though it was more like I was just straight running away than making a smooth escape...</p>

      <h1>20</h1>

      <p>That day there was a fairly exciting event in a certain area, a so-called beauty contest held on a street corner, and anyone was allowed to walk in off the street and participate. Though it was really just a segment for an unpopular late-night variety show, and in a sense, this kind of thing was rare, since it was predestined to fail. It was called a beauty contest, but the main point was probably more to watch and laugh at those who jumped in off the street with too much confidence in themselves.</p>

      <p>Of course, there was also another aim. Douse Urena (age eighteen), an idol on the decline, would “coincidentally” pass by and decide to participate, thereby using all the riffraff who had decided to participate as a stepping stone to victory. This was the rather tasteless “big surprise” they’d prepared for this, and of course, there was no coincidence involved; she would have been waiting backstage the entire time. In other words, her victory had been arranged beforehand as a way to attempt to regain her popularity, a last-ditch effort planned by her manager and the TV station, though the show this would take place on wasn’t popular enough to really help that in the first place.</p>

      <p>Of course, there would be many paid audience members hidden among the onlookers, perfectly ready to fire up the rest of the audience. In this age, with the popularity of the internet, they were barreling straight towards the ending where this obvious charade was seen through immediately and spread throughout the internet, causing the entire show and everyone related to be flamed to oblivion. The idol’s manager knew this perfectly well, though, and had pushed forward with it anyway. After all, if they didn’t start selling, the idol would disappear anyway, so there was no leeway to allow morals to have a say in things.</p>

      <p>Rather, given the current situation, there might not even be any flaming, since, as mentioned before, the program itself was also unpopular. It was more likely that no one would watch it, and while their deception wouldn’t be caught, it also wouldn’t bear fruit and the girl would just fade into obscurity. In fact, stirring anger on the internet might be a preferable alternative.</p>

      <p>“The next contestant is... Oh, could it be?! An idol, of all things, has appeared!”</p>

      <p>Finally, it was time for Urena’s appearance, and the audience’s expectations started to rise somewhat. The fact that it was only “somewhat” was the rather sad reality of an idol who was falling out of favor. Even the emcee seemed a little lacking in enthusiasm, not to mention the fact that several people had started to cop on to what was going on and were looking up at the stage with cold eyes. But at that moment, everyone’s gazes were stolen from the stage.</p>

      <p>“Hey, stop that, Benet! They’re holding an event there. Don’t just barge in!”</p>

      <p>“As if I care.”</p>

      <p>A pair of such otherworldly beauties that it was hard to believe they were actually human, one a girl and one a woman, just happened to be passing by the stage. The girl in front’s hair was a pale silver color, while the one behind hurriedly chasing after the girl had golden hair, and their looks were utterly unreal. The moderator of the event was utterly dumbfounded, so enraptured by them that he had entirely forgotten to keep emceeing.</p>

      <p>This was quite unfortunate for the pitiable idol who was just about to take the stage. Thanks to the two unplanned randoms who had walked by, she was completely overshadowed, and while she was supposed to use the other contestants as stepping stones, she was now the stepping stone herself. Later, one of the contestants would post pictures of them on an online thread about how two way-too-beautiful women passed by an “idol” event, and now she couldn’t sleep, causing a small ruckus over the internet as the pictures spread. But the two of them didn’t know that. On top of that, there were responses along with picture proof, claiming things like, “I saw that blonde punch a truck,” and, “They were jumping across buildings,” causing the frenzy to reach a fever pitch. But as always, the two involved remained blissfully unaware.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Two double cheeseburger combos. And let’s get some soft serve too.”</p>

      <p>At the moment, Benet and I had stopped by a famous burger fast-food joint with branches all over the country during our journey to Niigata in order to get a light lunch. An onlooker might ask, “Why burgers?” The answer would be because I missed the taste of junk food.</p>

      <p>After receiving the food from the employee at the register, I brought it all back to Benet, who was waiting for me at our table.</p>

      <p>“The food from this world is so salty. And the flavoring is very crude,” she said.</p>

      <p>“That’s because it’s junk food.”</p>

      <p>Benet gave a harsh review as she bit into the double cheeseburger, but she didn’t stop eating, so it seemed that it at least didn’t offend her sensibilities. Personally, I was looking forward to the usual reaction from light novels, where she would say something like, “So this is food from the other world? I-It’s amazing!” But, well, she was the ruler of a country... She was probably used to eating high-quality food. What was it called, food porn? The kings and gods in those series would always give a huge overreaction to the simplest food, but it seemed that Benet had no intention of following those tropes.</p>

      <p>But while Benet didn’t seem much interested in the cheeseburger, her expression instantly lit up when she tasted the soft serve, and she wolfed it all down in one go. <em>Ah, I see. So that’s what surprises her. </em>The other side certainly didn’t have anything like soft serve. Ice cream did exist, but the best you’d get were just simple sherberts. You would just cover some snow or crushed ice with fruit juice or honey and eat that, and I recall hearing that similar dishes had existed for a long time on Earth. The history of ice cream was surprisingly long.</p>

      <p>After that, I bought Benet another five servings of the ice cream as she desired, and with our bellies filled for the moment, we resumed our travels. To be honest, it would be faster if we could just run towards our destination, but one of the pleasures of a trip was enjoying the road to your destination as well. This time we went down to the subway to ride a bullet train. Once we got on, we sat in some random empty seats. As the bullet train set off, the view out the window started to pass behind us faster and faster, and Benet stared at the scenery, seemingly enraptured.</p>

      <p>“This is pretty fast. So this isn’t a golem?”</p>

      <p>“No, it’s not.”</p>

      <p>“How strange. It doesn’t use mana, and it doesn’t have any sort of decision-making ability, like you would see on a golem. However, it is golem-like, which means this lump of metal is just a lump of metal, but it’s still moving... This seems much more like magic to me.”</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, I was reading some random book I’d chosen and bought at a store in the station. Benet couldn’t read the language here, but she was interested in manga, so she was flipping through the pages of one as well.</p>

      <p>By the way, I was reading a light novel, and it was about a normal young man who was suddenly summoned to another world. It was a tale of his unparalleled strength and carefree travels, something rather common for the genre. This series in particular had been popular in the past and had been turned into an anime, and the volume I was reading now had been marked “new” in the store, so I bought it. I’d assumed a sequel had come out while I was playing Lufas in the other world, but...</p>

      <p><em>This is strange. I swear I’ve read this before. I remember this series was completed in 2022, so volume 2, which I just bought, shouldn’t be new at all. And this one still has all the typos that were corrected in later printings. </em>It seemed like I’d stumbled on quite the bookstore. I had no idea what kind of nerves the store owner was made of if he was selling a book from a completed series and pretending it was new.</p>

      <p>Benet couldn’t read, so she was just looking at the pictures of her manga, but the one she was reading was even older. It was from a famous series of the Showa era. It had an incredible ending where the heroine went berserk and was massacred by the people of her neighborhood, causing the protagonist to turn his back on humanity, ultimately leading to its destruction and the protagonist’s death.</p>

      <p>We stepped off the bullet train, and I relied on my memories to retrace my steps back to my home. For some reason, some places here and there were different from what I remembered, but I was right about the road itself. <em>At least, it should be. As I thought, it’s somehow different from what I remember.</em></p>

      <p>There were none of the more recently opened shops. Instead, I was seeing stores that closed their doors long before. Not to mention, they looked much cleaner than what was in my memory. <em>The structures in this park should have been removed because they were dangerously full of rust. </em>I hadn’t taken a wrong turn anywhere. We were definitely going the right way. We should have been, anyway. But...</p>

      <p>In the spot where my house should have been was just an old decrepit single story building. Of course, it wasn’t the house I was familiar with.</p>

      <p>“This rundown place was our destination?”</p>

      <p>“No... But it should be the right location...”</p>

      <p><em>Oh crap. I have no idea what to do next, now that we’ve gotten this far. </em>There was no way my PC would be in a house I didn’t recognize owned by people I didn’t know, so the place I’d thought fit the clue wasn’t here. But as I was thinking, I heard footsteps behind me, which eventually turned into a familiar voice.</p>

      <p>“Yes, you are right. About the location, at least.”</p>

      <p>I paused. <em>I see, looks like I was right, at least.</em></p>

      <p>I turned around to see Dina, completely unchanged from how I had last seen her. <em>You really chose an annoying place to hide, didn’t you? Thanks to you, we wasted a lot of time trying to find you.</em></p>

      <p>Dina gave a small smile before coming to stand beside me. Meanwhile, Benet made no move at all, preferring to get a better read on the situation first.</p>

      <p>“This is an abandoned house,” Dina explained. “Half a year from now, it’ll be taken down so that in another half a year—in 2017—a house you will be very familiar with will be built.”</p>

      <p>“2017? Then it’s...” I trailed off.</p>

      <p>“Yes. It’s 2016 right now. One year from now, a couple and their child will buy a new home built here to live in. And that child... Rather, that ‘man’ will grow with no knowledge of who he is until the age of twenty-one. And in the year 2033, he will be led to Mizgarz by the Goddess—or rather, me—along with his memories and personality. That man is beside me right now.”</p>

      <p>Benet’s look sharpened a little, glaring at us after hearing what Dina had to say, but Dina just remained smiling. I, too, felt strangely satisfied by that explanation.</p>

      <p><em>I see</em>, was all I thought.<em> No wonder I don’t feel any nostalgia for this world. So, all this means is that in the end “I” was always Lufas Maphaahl, just with more memories layered on top.</em></p>

      <p>There had never been two personalities inside of me. I had just lost sight of myself, so I’d convinced myself and everyone else I was someone different. The “stranger playing at being Lufas” was, in fact, just Lufas.</p>

      <p>“So who was that young man exactly?”</p>

      <p>“He is also you, Miss Lufas. I suppose it would be more accurate to say that he would be close to Pollux and I.”</p>

      <p>“Mmhmm...”</p>

      <p>Every time Dina spoke, it felt like another puzzle piece was falling into place inside my head. <em>Yes, “I” was always just me—just an avatar.</em></p>

      <p>Avatars could be largely divided into three categories: those made from magic, those made with divine power, and those actually birthed by borrowing a real human womb. Lufas was... <em>No, let’s stop talking like I’m someone else.</em> I was the third kind of avatar. I imitated the Goddess’s specialty and created my own avatar in a different world in a different time. The memories and personality entrusted to that avatar had been returned to my original body by Dina, thus giving me access to an objective perspective I hadn’t had before and allowing me to reflect on myself.</p>

      <p>Now I understood something, something that only a person who had reflected on their own past from the perspective of someone else could understand. I understood that my fall had been inevitable. Just being able to think that was worth having another personality planted on top of mine.</p>

      <p>“By the way, how is he doing?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“He’s fine. I copied his memories and personality, but after the ‘incident,’ he’s been living just fine. He’ll probably manage to reach a ripe old age all without ever realizing what he is,” said Dina.</p>

      <p>“Is that so? Good, then.”</p>

      <p>“By the way, he lives dependent on his parents until he’s twenty-three before getting a job at a company and finally becoming independent.”</p>

      <p>“You didn’t really have to tell me that.”</p>

      <p><em>That’s a load off my back. At least I haven’t stolen anyone’s lives from them.</em></p>

      <p>At first, I had thought I’d stolen Lufas’s life by possessing her, then I thought I’d stolen this boy’s life. But I am Lufas, so there was nothing to take there, and the man I had been was still doing just fine and would even become independent. With this, I could breathe easy and move on.</p>

      <p>“By the way, would you tell me why you had to do this in such a roundabout way?”</p>

      <p>“Of course. There’s no reason to hide it. Before that though, let me once again introduce myself,” Dina said, producing a business card from a chest pocket and handing it to me. After seeing the name written on it, I once again felt a piece falling into place.</p>

      <p><em>Ahh, I see. You really were exactly who I thought you were.</em></p>

      <p>“I have three names. One: Dina, the Goddess’s avatar. Two: Venus of the devilfolk’s Seven Luminaries. And one more...” She giggled, causing Benet to cross her arms in displeasure.</p>

      <p>Yes, she’d been deceiving everybody. Like a true snake, she had deceived me, the Twelve Stars, the devilfolk, and even the Goddess. She was the “thirteenth.”</p>

      <p>“I am one of the Conquering Thirteen Heavenly Stars: Ophiuchus the Snake Charmer. That is the name you gave me.”</p>

      <h1>21</h1>

      <p>Dina was the Goddess’s avatar, born to an elven father and a human mother. She didn’t even know how many had come before her. It was most likely that, just like how Dina had been born, the Goddess had borrowed human wombs to create avatars many times before, only to replace them once they had died.</p>

      <p>To Dina, all her predecessors were basically also her, not to mention the Goddess. After all, she was basically an offshoot of the Goddess, so they were all one. Her parents had given her the name Dina, but to her, that was just the designation of this new body, not something that was especially important to her. So, she didn’t feel especially grateful or happy about her parents’ love, and once she’d grown, she left home without saying anything while feeling no guilt at all. After all, she was a part of the Goddess. She had no real parents.</p>

      <p>Having left her home, Dina started acting as the Goddess’s agent in the world, traveling all over while sometimes judging people and sometimes blessing them. That was when she learned about Lufas Maphaahl, who’d recently started to rise. Even though she was just an adventurer, she’d managed to create several heroic tales that weren’t in the Goddess’s Scenario. She’d saved several countries and had even counted several big names among the monsters she’d defeated, such as the Dragon King Ladon.</p>

      <p><em>She might be a threat...</em> Having identified Lufas as a source of danger, Dina used the founding of Lufas’s country to infiltrate, making sure to leave no trace of herself by manipulating people’s thoughts. Even in the thousands to one chance that someone were to bump into Dina and notice her, she could just create the memory inside of them that she was an advisor. By blending into Maphaahl Tower like a background object, she was able to observe Lufas Maphaahl in what was an extremely bold move.</p>

      <p>After observing Lufas, Dina eventually came to one conclusion: Lufas was extremely dangerous. Too dangerous. If she were to be left to her own devices, she threatened to overturn the Goddess’s Scenario from its roots. That was why Dina immediately thought of eliminating the threat, but the more she observed Lufas, the more she realized that would be impossible.</p>

      <p>As an offshoot of the Goddess, Dina was level 1000. She also had access to a variety of powers as the Goddess’s agent. But even with all that, Dina couldn’t even imagine defeating Lufas Maphaahl. Neither thought manipulation, nor recognition blocking, nor magic, nor heaven-arts, nor powers that transcended time, nor even the ability to simply delete her opponents seemed like they would work.</p>

      <p>As the Goddess’s agent in this world, Dina should have had unbeatable, absolute power. Though her pure combat ability would be lacking somewhat compared to Alioth and Megrez and the like, she had enough unfair powers to be able to defeat all of them unconditionally, at the very least. However, all her powers still obeyed the Goddess’s rules and were only unbeatable within those rules. Lufas, who was ignoring all those rules, would not find her power nearly as unbeatable.</p>

      <p><em>Should the “dragons” be awakened...? But they’re...</em> Dina had her greatest unique skill as a last resort. Its name was “Raselhague,” and its effect was to awaken the ouroboroses all at once.</p>

      <p>Yes. She, as the Goddess’s agent, had the power to awaken the ouroboroses and give them orders. But using the skill would also mean the destruction of Mizgarz, which was something that could not be undone. If the ouroboroses were to make a move, they would deal fatal damage to Mizgarz. That was why awakening them was truly the last resort for the Goddess. If possible, she didn’t want to do it, not if there were any alternatives.</p>

      <p>Dina did have several other powerful, unique skills appropriate for her station as the Goddess’s agent. She had a total of seven such skills, and their effects and numbers were utterly unfair.</p>

      <p>The unique skill Cebalrai was able to manipulate a target’s memories, implanting false ones within them. Dina could also use this skill to alter their recognition of her so that they thought of her as nothing more than air or a random rock, thus making her seem as if she had no presence at all.</p>

      <p>The unique skill Muliphen was able to affect a target’s damage ceiling. It was a powerful debuff that lowered the maximum damage they were allowed to do to a mere 9999.</p>

      <p>The unique skill Yed Prior was able to separate a target in time from its surroundings, forcing it to infinitely accelerate. Anybody affected by this skill would eventually accelerate past the concept of time, making it possible to overcome time itself.</p>

      <p>The unique skill Yed Posterior did the exact opposite of Yed Prior, separating a target from time to infinitely decelerate it. Anybody affected by this skill would decelerate past just stopping in time, eventually turning into a negative vector, resulting in the target becoming deleted before they were ever born. In other words, it was a powerful instant-death skill.</p>

      <p>The unique skill Sabik was a skill to create new skills. There were some restrictions, but it was possible to simply create a new skill to fit any situation. It was so unfair, it made other unfair skills look balanced.</p>

      <p>The unique skill Marfik was a forbidden ability that had the Goddess herself possess Dina’s body to dramatically raise her combat ability.</p>

      <p>Each one of those abilities alone was worthy of being called balance breaking; any one of them could completely overturn a fight. They were the dictionary definition of unfair. But even with all of them, Dina didn’t feel like she could best Lufas. She had the feeling that she would be defeated before being able to pull off any of those skills. In fact, she was sure that was what would happen. Lufas could easily tear through the maximum damage wall, escape any jail of time, repel any new skill, and could probably even defeat the Goddess in Dina’s body. She could see no way to win.</p>

      <p>It happened one day while she was worrying over what to do. Lufas had met with Megrez in order to discuss future steps, and something she’d said gave Dina pause.</p>

      <p>“An epidemic in an elven village to the east? We might need to do something about that.”</p>

      <p>Dina only wavered a small bit; not even she herself knew why. It was such a small reaction, but in that moment, Lufas locked eyes with her. <em>She’s looking at me...? No, that’s impossible. My recognition blocking should be perfect. Even on the off chance that she were to “see” me, she should just think that I’m an advisor and forget me right away.</em></p>

      <p>“Is something wrong, Lufas?” Megrez asked.</p>

      <p>Lufas quickly took her gaze off of Dina, pausing for a moment before saying, “No, it’s nothing. Let’s stop here for today. Go back first. We’ll catch up soon.”</p>

      <p>“Sure, got it.”</p>

      <p>After bidding Megrez to leave, Lufas closed the door. Then, she once again turned to Dina and spoke, “How long have you been there?”</p>

      <p>Dina was shocked.</p>

      <p><em>She found me! </em>Dina’s heart rate spiked once she realized that. <em>No way. That’s impossible! This can’t be happening, no!</em></p>

      <p>Her emotional state caused her to freeze, further exposing weakness and taking away her chance to escape. By the time she’d noticed, Lufas had already come right up to Dina and put her hands up on the wall beside the blue-haired girl to block her escape.</p>

      <p>Lufas then looked deep into Dina’s eyes. “You don’t seem like one of the devilfolk. Just who are you?”</p>

      <p>“I-I’m...”</p>

      <p>Dina was lost for words, as in that moment, the image of her parents flashed across the back of her mind. They were the people who loved her as Dina, as an individual, not as the Goddess’s offshoot.</p>

      <p><em>Why? Why am I thinking of them now? I tossed them aside. I should have thrown them away, since they’re just the parents of my current physical body named Dina.</em></p>

      <p><em>Am I afraid of death? Am I really scared that I’ll never be able to meet them again? </em>Dina considered the possibility.<em> Impossible. Death is not something to be afraid of. After all, I am part of the Goddess. Even if I die here, I will just be born again. Being killed only means the loss of one avatar. It does not mean actual death. </em></p>

      <p>Dina talked herself down before managing to paste a fake-looking smile on. After a pause, she said, “Nice to meet you, Lufas Maphaahl. My name is Alovenus. The Goddess of creation, Alovenus. Though, this body is only my avatar.”</p>

      <p>“Oh?”</p>

      <p>“Well done noticing my presence. I should have hidden myself quite well.”</p>

      <p>With a mask of a smile, Dina pretended as if she was not worried at all. <em>Kill me if you want. I’ll just be born into another avatar and move from there.</em></p>

      <p>But Lufas didn’t make a move. She simply stared at Dina interestedly.</p>

      <p>“We just noticed you a moment ago. It was only by a small amount, but your emotions wavered, which weakened your concealment.” Lufas paused. “Are you somehow related to this elven village?”</p>

      <p>“No, not at all.”</p>

      <p>“Really now? That seems rather hard to believe, given that you’re a half-elf,” Lufas said as she touched Dina’s ear.</p>

      <p>Dina flinched, her shoulders jumping upwards for a moment at the sudden sensation.</p>

      <p>“You look like a human at first glance. It’s impossible to tell without touching them, but your ears are pointed towards the end. The strength of your cartilage is different too. Elves need stronger cartilage to support their long, pointed ears. It seems half-elves inherit this too. Also, elves have much more sensitive ears, thanks to the presence of more nerve endings.”</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re quite knowledgeable.”</p>

      <p>“I know an elf, after all. We realized that fact about the cartilage after playing with his ears so much. They were interesting. Who wouldn’t do that?”</p>

      <p>Lufas released Dina’s ear but still didn’t move from her spot. It seemed like she had no intention of allowing Dina to leave even though it was clear the girl was looking for an opening and unable to find one.</p>

      <p>“What shook you was probably the epidemic... Do you know anybody from that village?”</p>

      <p>Dina remained silent for a long moment.</p>

      <p>“Should We just guess? Most likely, it would be one, or maybe even both, your parents?”</p>

      <p>Lufas’s accurate guess shook Dina, who tried as best she could not to let any emotion show on her face, but even then, she couldn’t stop herself from reacting just a little to Lufas’s guess.</p>

      <p>Lufas’s sharp eyes didn’t let Dina’s reaction go either, and seeing that made her sure that she was correct. “That expression. You’re probably thinking, ‘Why?’ Well, it’s not especially complicated. You just said you were an avatar, no? But you aren’t made of magic or divine power, which means you should have parents somewhere. With that knowledge, even We could guess enough to make you divulge the truth. But...”</p>

      <p>Lufas stopped as she regarded Dina with a somewhat surprised look.</p>

      <p>“You seem quite human to be affected by news of your parents. Does that mean even the Goddess has some sort of emotion or sense of gratitude? Or...” Lufas paused. “Maybe you’re actually someone completely independent from the Goddess?”</p>

      <p>“What fool thing are you—”</p>

      <p>“It’s not that strange an idea. Even if you have the same memories and personality as the Goddess, just the fact that you were born means you have had a completely different lifetime’s worth of experiences from her. Your parents aren’t the Goddess’s parents, and your parents love you, not the Goddess. The things you have experienced have not been experienced by the Goddess herself, so you would be a completely different person.”</p>

      <p>What Lufas was saying wasn’t actually all that wrong. No matter how similar they were, the Goddess was not her avatar. As soon as they had started living different lives, they were no longer the same. If, for example, the Goddess were to enter a body with no will and started to control it remotely, then that body would definitely be the Goddess. However, that wasn’t the case here. Because of the Goddess’s massive existence, she was unable to look at the world in detail. That was exactly why the Goddess had to make avatars, so she could observe the world in detail through her avatars’ reports. This was the reason why she gave her avatars free will, and occasionally, they would deviate from her designs.</p>

      <p>At the very least, if Lufas was talking to the Goddess herself, she should show no interest towards Dina’s parents. Most likely, she would be unable to tell them apart from any other member of their race.</p>

      <p>“What is your name?”</p>

      <p>“I believe I’ve already named myself.”</p>

      <p>“No, you haven’t. You’re not the Goddess. You have a real name. We know you do.”</p>

      <p>“It is not my real name. It is just a temporary name given to this body.”</p>

      <p>“You’re stubborn, aren’t you?” Lufas gave a strained laugh. Then, she seemed to have had an idea, as she took a bottle out of a pocket and pushed it into Dina’s hands.</p>

      <p>It was a drug invented through the joint efforts of herself and Megrez called an elixir. It was such a wonder drug, being able to cure any illness and even extend lifespans, that it was like the drug was meant to pick a fight with the Goddess. Dina didn’t think too highly of it.</p>

      <p>“Take that, and go where you want to.”</p>

      <p>“You’re letting me go? How nice of you.”</p>

      <p>“There’s no point in talking to you as you are now, after all. You are not the Goddess’s avatar, and We look forward to talking with the real you.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t think there will be a next time.” Dina chuckled softly before disappearing.</p>

      <p>Now that she’d been found once, the same thing wouldn’t work again. Dina would have to find another way to observe them, or she would be caught again and would definitely be erased next time.</p>

      <p>After passing through the Exgate and getting away from the tower, Dina looked around her and couldn’t help but be shocked. She was in the elf village that was her birthplace. She’d unconsciously set this as her destination. <em>That was stupid of me... I know that didn’t bother me at all.</em> Dina reflexively chastised herself, but she still didn’t move from that spot.</p>

      <p><em>I should just leave. I should just open another Exgate and go someplace else. But something is keeping me here. I can’t bring myself to leave. What’s going on? Am I really being affected by emotion?</em></p>

      <p>After a while, Dina spoke. “I’m just checking up on them. It’s just a little interest, that’s all.”</p>

      <p>While giving herself excuses, Dina stepped into the forest.</p>

      <p><em>I’m sure I’ll just be yelled at incessantly. They’ll definitely say something like, “What do you even think you’re doing here now of all times?” That’s fine. I hope that happens. That way, I can get rid of any hangups I have. </em>With that, Dina once again started doubting her own thoughts. <em>Hangups? What hangups? How idiotic. There’s no way I have anything like that. I am a part of the Goddess.</em></p>

      <p>Dina moved further into the forest, and what she saw was her father, transformed and eaten away by illness, as well as her mother, who had already left this world.</p>

      <h1>22</h1>

      <p>By the time Dina returned to the village, it was already walking the path of destruction. Her human mother had already reached the end of her life span and left this world, and her father was now just skin and bones. But it wasn’t just her father. The village that Dina had been born in had already become a prison, its inhabitants waiting for death.</p>

      <p>Dina was silent for some time.</p>

      <p>She should have been unmoved. She thought she would feel nothing even when faced with this situation. After all, she was an offshoot of the Goddess. She just happened to have been born here, and she had no attachment to this place at all.</p>

      <p><em>Why, though? Why am I so affected by this sight? It feels as if someone dumped some ice down my back. My knees are shaking too. I’ve seen sights like this so many times up until now. They were too small for me to do anything about them myself, but I know that sights like this have been created over and over, all over thanks to the Moon ouroboros. I made sure to let some humans die off whenever they started to become too populous, and an entire race has even died out because of that.</em></p>

      <p><em>But... Was it really me who did all that? The Goddess did that, sure, but haven’t I actually never seen something like this even once in my life?</em></p>

      <p>“Ohhh, Dina... Welcome back.”</p>

      <p>Dina subconsciously approached her father’s bed, her mind whirling in thought. Even though it’d been a hundred years since she’d left, her father had recognized her instantly. Dina reached out for his skeletal hand, and before she knew it, Dina had gripped his hand and was dumbfounded at how weak his grip was in turn.</p>

      <p>People would always eventually die, leaving for the afterlife. Even the long-lived elves were no exception. Even though Dina had always known this, she was currently feeling shock and fear, as if this was the first time she’d ever realized this fact.</p>

      <p><em>Why does the death of my mother, whom I only thought of as a passage with which to pass my avatar into the world, hurt me so much? Why does seeing my father, whom I only thought of as my mother’s partner, so weak destroy me inside like this? Why are their smiles coming back to me now, of all times? I am an incarnation of the Goddess, so just a death or two shouldn’t move me.</em></p>

      <p>Up until now, Dina had never doubted that she was the Goddess. But now, that preconception had started to crumble. She couldn’t help but feel the wall that ran between herself and the Goddess now. As for why that was, Dina just couldn’t imagine that the Goddess, who should have been the main part of her being, was feeling the same pain that she was right now.</p>

      <p><em>I just know that the Goddess doesn’t even remember my father’s name or face... She never cared enough to bother... I’m sure that even if he dies, she would only think something like, “Oh, the father of my avatar died.”</em></p>

      <p>“F-Father...”</p>

      <p><em>I never thought of him as my father. To me, he was like any of the many specimens of humanity crawling around on the ground. But was he really? The smile he would always show to me, and the love my parents would shower me with, didn’t they make me feel warm and comfortable? Haven’t I received some measure of warmth from them, at least? Some happiness? Haven’t I just been forcefully suppressing these feelings because of my pride as a part of the Goddess? I don’t know. I can’t find the answer to that.</em></p>

      <p><em>I mean, I should be a piece of the Goddess made to mingle among the mortals. I should be her representative here... If I’m not, then who am I?</em></p>

      <p>The first thing Dina imagined was a poorly made puppet in the form of the Goddess. The puppet’s arms and legs were connected to strings, and the Goddess herself was controlling the puppet, playing with it from far on high.</p>

      <p>She clutched at her clothing in an effort to stymie the pain she felt in her chest. When she did, she felt something hard inside. Reaching for it, she took out the bottle of elixir that Lufas had forced onto her. It was a forbidden drug that could cure any illness and even extend life spans. Its existence spat upon the Goddess, and Dina had even been considering just smashing it later. But now, she couldn’t bring herself to do so for some reason.</p>

      <p>Without either using it or breaking it, Dina just stood there, frozen, unsure of what she even wanted to do. That was when her excellent sense of hearing picked up on something, and the color drained from Dina’s face. Something was coming... It was large and dangerous, and it was heading straight for this village. Its movement shook the earth and snapped trees in two.</p>

      <p>Panicked, Dina almost flew out of the house only to see a huge, black scorpion monster which was knocking over entire houses in its path towards her.</p>

      <p><em>The Queen of Poison... It’s an emperor berserk scorpion...?!</em> The emperor berserk scorpion was the strongest of the many scorpion-type monsters that existed, and she was considered a catastrophe-class threat. She housed every single type of poison under the sun inside her body. If she felt like it, she could cover the entirety of the planet in poison within several days, turning the place into a planet of death. She was designated as a super-threatening species.</p>

      <p>This type of monster had appeared several times throughout history. Its purpose was to curtail explosive population growth. If the Goddess judged that the population had grown enough to be able to upset the balance of the ecosystem, one would appear. It would create a new toxin that no living thing had resistance to on the spot, generating an epidemic that would drive the local population to extinction... In other words, it was a living plague.</p>

      <p>Her level was 900. She wasn’t quite at the level of worldwide deterrent powers, such as the Lion King and the Dragon King, but she was incredibly dangerous nevertheless. Having a catastrophe-class monster appear like this basically equaled the death of a population, or at least its decline. She was still attacking humans even now, driving them into the depths of fear like the unmitigable disaster that she was. This monster was the source of the epidemic that had ravaged this village.</p>

      <p><em>Why...? It’s true that elves have recently started to grow in population, but isn’t this too early? And why did it have to be this village in particular?</em> While having a glaring match with the Queen of Scorpions, Dina desperately wracked her brain. Elves were one of the Goddess’s favorite races, and they were not numerous by any means. There was no reason for the monster to be here. In fact, she should have been dealing with the explosive growth of strength among the general population rather than bothering with this little community. So, why? <em>No...way...</em> There was only one reason Dina could think of, and that was because she was there.</p>

      <p>As an avatar of the Goddess, she would most likely have to use the Goddess’s name to appear in front of people more than once. In fact, the most effective way to eliminate Lufas would be to do just that. She would have to use the Goddess’s name to declare Lufas as evil and incite sedition. But if the people were to find out that the one claiming to be the Goddess was born from a mortal womb if and when that were to happen, that might cause doubt among her listeners. They might think that she was just an imposter claiming the Goddess’s name. In order to cut that possibility off, there was one simple answer: eliminate all who could know such a fact.</p>

      <p>Dina had thought that manipulating memories would be more than enough, but it was clear that the one who had sent this scorpion didn’t agree and was going to stamp out all the seeds of doubt. This meant that there was, in fact, a clear difference in thinking between the avatar and the main body, which should have been the same person.</p>

      <p>The Queen of Poison opened her mouth, and Dina reacted almost immediately, basically out of pure reflex.</p>

      <p>“I call upon you, time!”</p>

      <p>Dina quickly activated one of her unique skills, trapping the Queen of Poison in a prison of time. It was the unique skill, Yed Posterior, which cut the target out of time and slowed it down. The skill controlled the opponent’s time to dull its movements, and because it was possessed by an agent of the Goddess, it was irresistible and completely unfair. On top of that, this skill would only grow stronger with time, eventually stopping the target’s time and even going so far as to reverse it so that the target was reverted back to before it was even born, effectively deleting it from existence.</p>

      <p>Dina also possessed the opposite of this skill, one to speed up time, and the common point between both of them was that they were unpreventable. Her unique skills had a higher priority than any other skill in the world. This was unknown to the vast majority, but skills did in fact have a priority to them. If, for example, a sure-hit skill were to clash with a sure-dodge skill, the one with the higher priority would take effect.</p>

      <p>This priority scale was split into five tiers, with the highest priority being the highest tier. Agents of the Goddess like Dina and the ouroboroses, however, had unique skills with a priority of six, which meant they would always take priority over others and would never be canceled out by anything. Just by activating the skill, it would be the end; the skill would always work. These maximum-priority skills were like proof that you worked for the Goddess.</p>

      <p>The Queen of Poison’s movements visibly slowed, but poison was already leaving its mouth. Slowly, ever so slowly but surely, the toxin made its way out of the prison of time. <em>Crap... OhcrapOhcrapOhcrap!</em> Even if the Queen of Poison were to stop, it would be too late if the poison cloud were to exit the skill’s field.</p>

      <p>At the moment, the Queen of Poison was moving at 1/100,000ths its normal speed. It would be enough to call almost all other living things completely stopped, but that also meant she was still moving, and not completely stopped. That just went to show how incredibly fast she was normally. The flow of time for the scorpion continued to slow. The Queen of Poison herself was almost motionless by now, but even then, the cloud of poison would exit Yed Posterior’s field before it would completely stop.</p>

      <p>Dina, the Goddess’s avatar, had seven unique skills. Each one of them had a priority of six, making them unstoppable by almost any other skill. But among all her skills, none of them would solve this problem, and Dina did not have the time to create a new skill from scratch.</p>

      <p><em>What should I do? What should I do?!</em> <em>If the mist of toxins were to leave Yed Posterior, I would be fine for a while, but the people of this village will be done for. At the very least, it would spell the end for my father, who’s already at death’s door. </em>If the poison were to spread throughout the village, it wouldn’t matter even if Dina resurrected them with heaven-arts. They would just die again straight away.</p>

      <p>At this point, Dina had completely forgotten her pride as the embodiment of the Goddess and was desperately trying to find a way out of this situation. Yet in her panic and desperation, she didn’t realize the simplest of things. She had actually been able to fix this all along. If the poison were to spread, then she could just use heaven-arts to cleanse the poison before resurrecting the villagers. She could also reverse time, so she could just reverse time for the entire village. Either way was extremely simple, but neither of those solutions had come to Dina’s mind. Her panic had brought on further panic, causing her to lose the ability to make proper decisions.</p>

      <p>Finally, the toxic mist had made its way to the edge of her prison of time.</p>

      <p>“That ability is scarily strong, but you have no idea how to use it, do you? It’s because you have such strong skills without any thought behind them that you can’t adapt. You see, situations like these are extremely simple to solve.”</p>

      <p>Dina heard a confidence-filled voice coming from beside her, and the next thing she saw was a clenched fist at the edge of her vision. The owner of the voice confidently stepped forward, launching a strong punch. It was only a punch, but the outcome of it defied even imagination. A simple punch whipped up a tornado that stretched up to the ends of the sky, sucking up all the poison into the upper atmosphere.</p>

      <p>The Queen of Poison, who had only been grazed by the punch, was also carried up into the sky. Thanks to its weight, it was only barely able to avoid being launched up out of the stratosphere. Lufas clenched her fist once again, aiming to intercept it as it came back down.</p>

      <p>“Looks like you’ve been the victim of quite the dull bout of manipulation. Well, you should wake with a punch anyway. We’ll make sure to hold back, so get ready for our all!”</p>

      <p><em>That’s a contradiction. You’ll hold back, so she has to get ready for your all? What does that even mean? </em>But the way this world and its skills worked allowed such contradictory statements to actually work.</p>

      <p>Dina felt it instantly. The weight of Lufas’s presence suddenly and explosively rose as she broke through the level limit.</p>

      <p>Normally, the Observing Eye skill wouldn’t work against those stronger than the user, but Dina was the Goddess’s avatar. She could ignore that restriction as she measured Lufas’s level, and she almost fainted when seeing that it was as ridiculously high as to be over 4000. The level limit was also a wall that limited the scope of destructive power. It was a defensive measure of the world that lessened the impact of blows so that power that was too strong would not destroy the world itself. If not for that, whenever someone moved faster than the speed of sound, a sonic boom would blast through the area they had traveled through, causing untold damage. If anyone were to surpass the speed of light, the world would probably perish.</p>

      <p>Also, there was more than one wall. Just in case, there were a total of ten walls set every 1000 levels, which meant that there were also level barriers at level 2000 and 3000 as well. And right now, Lufas was over level 4000. She’d already broken through four barriers. In that state, the maximum damage she could deal was 999,999,999! It was possible for her to do almost a billion damage in a single blow.</p>

      <p>Just like that, she applied the skill Blunted-Sword Strike. Any attack with the skill applied would always leave the victim at 1 HP, so Lufas unreservedly smashed her full-strength punch into the Queen of Poison. Her huge body, at over one hundred meters long, was blasted out of the atmosphere into space this time, and she was sent on a rapid approach towards the sun. Even though the skill would make sure the victim would not die from the attack itself, it was still susceptible to death from other causes. In other words, if the scorpion were to crash into the sun, as she was threatening to do, the Queen of Poison’s life would be forfeit.</p>

      <p>However, Lufas had already gotten past the queen, kicking off of the surface of the sun to rocket back towards the scorpion. Later, Lufas would tell her friends, “That sun’s heat is no joke,” as she claimed that the bottoms of her feet felt quite hot, leaving them speechless.</p>

      <p>Once again using Blunted-Sword Strike, Lufas kicked the queen a second time, forcing her back to Mizgarz. The queen fell towards the ground like a meteor as Lufas once again passed by her and stopped, waiting for her in midair. Lufas caught the falling queen in one hand and slowly set her down on the ground.</p>

      <p>This entire exchange happened in less than a second. Dina’s mouth hung open and wouldn’t close.</p>

      <h1>23</h1>

      <p>The elven village was safe. Rather, it had been saved. After that, the elixir was given to the villagers to heal their illness, and Dina’s father was saved as well.</p>

      <p>The scorpion had gotten attached to Lufas and was now clinging to her arm in human form. It might seem strange that she had fallen for Lufas after being beaten up so badly, but in the end, she was a monster. Her standards and tastes were just different. The scorpion might just have been attracted to violence so powerful she could never even stand a chance.</p>

      <p>But Dina hadn’t the leeway to pay that any mind. Her sense of identity had completely crumbled so she was completely preoccupied with that. She had been saved by Lufas, who she’d viewed as a threat. Now she was forced to recognize the unbridgeable gap in thought between her and the Goddess, who she had once considered to be just the main version of herself.</p>

      <p>Now that things had come to this, Dina was sure. There was no way she couldn’t be. <em>I am not the Goddess in physical form. I’m just a person who got the Goddess’s personality and memories copied onto them... I’m a puppet. Once the Goddess tried to kill my father and I rejected that plan, our paths split. But, where does that leave me? Just who or what am I?</em></p>

      <p>While Dina was stuck inside her head, her father, who was still lying on the floor, called out to her weakly. “Oh, Dina, you were okay. Thank goodness.”</p>

      <p>Dina felt something hot gathering in the corner of her eye.</p>

      <p><em>I threw away my mother and my father. I threw away this village, saying nothing as I left. I looked down my nose at them, believing that I was the Goddess, and I never even knew or cared that my mother had died up until now. But he hasn’t changed. He still loves his daughter. He worried for me.</em></p>

      <p><em>Ah, that’s it. Didn’t he used to call me that? He’s called me that ever since I was born. Not a borrowed name like Alovenus, but my name, Dina.</em></p>

      <p>Dina had realized the truth. She couldn’t help it.</p>

      <p><em>I am not Alovenus. Even if I was given a scrap off the edge of her soul, even if I have her memories and personality... I’m different, and I cannot become Alovenus ever again. After all, I love these people so much. I feel so happy after saving them. These feelings are mine and mine alone. They are not the Goddess’s.</em></p>

      <p>That day, the girl who should have been the Goddess’s avatar became a simple girl named Dina.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>