<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_9">
    <div class="main">
      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p><em>A few years later.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Looks like this is the end. So We were a little too late in noticing...”</p>

      <p>Currently present were the Black-Winged King, who had almost the entire world in her hands, and her mysterious advisor who followed the king around like a shadow: Ophiuchus of the Conquering Thirteen Heavenly Stars... That had been the name and role given to Dina. By using her unique skills, she blended into the background. She used her manipulation abilities to keep herself unknown, even to her allies, completely erasing her presence. Among the original Twelve, the only ones who knew there was a Thirteenth star were Taurus, Parthenos, and Aquarius, and even they didn’t know Dina’s real name. All they were privy to was the fact that there was a thirteenth star named Ophiuchus. They didn’t even know what she looked like.</p>

      <p>“It’s not over yet. I know you’ll be able to beat all of them and start over.”</p>

      <p>At the moment, they were being cornered. It could definitely be said that they were in unprecedented danger. The Goddess, who had judged that the Devil King would not be enough to deal with Lufas, had taken control of Alioth and the others by growing hatred and jealousy towards Lufas in order to incite them to rebellion. Out of their many subordinates, over half of them had also betrayed the nation. Those with an especially strong sense of loyalty or strength of spirit had stayed under Lufas, but if the two divided forces were to clash, the outcome was clear... At least, if things proceeded normally.</p>

      <p>However, Lufas was anything but normal. She could win this fight by herself. Dina recommended that, but Lufas did not seem to be cheered up by it.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, you’re probably right. But you know, Ophiuchus, would anyone actually be willing to follow a ruler who has killed all her friends and comrades? A lord who kills over half her friends and subjects is nothing but a tyrant. No one would bend the knee. Also, if We were to claim victory by killing all our friends and followers, We would have nothing left.” Lufas paused. “Whether We win or lose, We lose everything. It was our loss as soon as it got to this point.”</p>

      <p>It was possible for her to win. That is, if winning was all that mattered. But if she committed to that, Lufas would lose her friends. The country she was supposed to protect and rule over would be burned down by her hands, and she would have to murder countless people. To her, doing so would be the true defeat.</p>

      <p>“At the very least you have the Twelve Stars. And me.”</p>

      <p>Dina’s words brought a small smile to Lufas’s face. “You’re right. We suppose that’s our only saving grace.”</p>

      <p>Lufas sunk into thought for a while, but once she’d made sense of her ideas she looked up at Dina.</p>

      <p>“There’s no other choice than to decide on a ‘way to lose.’”</p>

      <p>“A...way to lose?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. If they all want us to abdicate the throne so badly, then why not give them their wish? And with that deception, we can use this opportunity to find who brought this situation to bear.”</p>

      <p>“But...”</p>

      <p>“It will be a hard road for you. If you want to leave our side, now is the time.”</p>

      <p>Lufas had no intention of rebuking her, even if she left. But even in the face of that offer, Dina smiled courageously.</p>

      <p>“I will not, Miss Lufas. I will never return to being a puppet. I was just a puppet with no will of her own until I met you... You gave me my own self. So for you, I’ll deceive even the Goddess.”</p>

      <p><em>Deception is easy. I’ve been doing it since I was born, after all. So I’ll get it done. I’ll trick the devilfolk, deceive the Twelve Stars, fool the Seven Heroes, and dupe Lufas. I’ll even have the Goddess believing my lies. I’ll slither along the ground like a snake, throw every faction into disorder, and sow confusion everywhere I go.</em></p>

      <p><em>It doesn’t matter if all that’s waiting for me is the hatred of my allies and the brand of a traitor. I’ll show the Goddess that this is me, this is the woman named Dina! Snake Charmer, huh? My master’s got quite the taste for ironic names. Making forbidden fruit, dragging each and every one of the Goddess’s servants down to the ground to join her side... She’s the real snake, truly the king of evil spoken of in myths. But I am the snake charmer, so I’ll lead the snake that she is by the nose. She has to learn the truth.</em></p>

      <p>“Good, then what you have to do is...”</p>

      <p>Several weeks later, Dina was in the traitor’s camp. She stood on the side of the Seven Heroes, who had rebelled, looking for just the right person while moving among the crowd like a shadow. Eventually, she found a young elven man. He had been hit by Lufas’s Pressure and was so scared he was unable to move. Seeing that, the edges of Dina’s mouth curved upwards. <em>I’ll just borrow some of your memories... Hmm, I see. So you have connections with royals... Pretty good.</em></p>

      <p>Dina quietly sidled up to the trembling young man, activating her memory- and recognition-manipulation abilities. She increased his fear towards Lufas, inducing him to want to run away while also planting a single order into his subconscious. The order would take place two hundred years in the future; it was the conviction that he needed to summon a hero to combat the threat of the Devil King. Dina also gave him knowledge of how to use Exgate along with the order, as well as several other pieces of knowledge and tips on how to use magic. She also guided him towards serving in the government of a country. Almost all the high-level people would die in this battle, so even with such a vague and unambitious order, there was no doubt he would manage to work his way up to becoming a central pillar of a country through the coming years.</p>

      <p>Lastly, Dina made sure there was a fatal flaw in his knowledge of how to use Exgate. When he tried to summon the hero, instead of reaching all the way to the other world, it would instead reach to somewhere in the middle—not quite the other world but past the boundaries of Mizgarz. With that, he would eventually try to summon a hero, and when he did, he would accidentally call Lufas.</p>

      <p>This completely worthless-seeming young man was given the great task of calling Dina’s master back to this world. Not even the Goddess would be wary of a person like this. Just like that, a pitiful young elf became a ticking time bomb, and Dina left for the battlefield in order to pull a trick during the climax of the battle.</p>

      <p>When Megrez activated his sealing magic, Dina would activate an Exgate with perfect timing, thus sending Lufas into subspace. Of course, all this would apply to Lufas unconditionally. Normally, traveling through an Exgate would require the traveler’s express permission, but Lufas had already given hers, so there was no need to ask in this case. With this, it would look to everyone else like the great heroes had defeated Lufas.</p>

      <p>“Well done! Well done, heroes, you have surpassed us! We have nothing but heartfelt admiration for your bravery and strength! But do not forget, the darkness has not yet been cleared. With your unity, you might even be able to defeat the Devil King. But should you lose that unity, this world will be plunged into even deeper darkness. Whether your path is one of light or darkness, We will be watching raptly from the depths of hell! Ke ha ha ha ha ha... HAAAA HA HA HA HA HA HA!!!”</p>

      <p><em>Wow, Lufas is really into it. Isn’t she actually really enjoying her role as the final boss? And she even managed to slip in a warning that their unity was important.</em> The “lesson” was so obvious Dina couldn’t help but let out a weird laugh. But she shouldn’t have let herself get distracted.</p>

      <p>Dina felt someone’s gaze on her, and she turned to see Pollux staring at her as their eyes locked.</p>

      <p><em>Oh crap. She definitely misunderstands. Seeing someone with the spitting image of the Goddess laughing quietly, seeing Lufas get sealed... That’s way too suspicious! Even if I manage to erase this memory, she’ll probably still think I’m suspicious. </em>Dina hurriedly disappeared from that spot, leaving the battlefield behind entirely.</p>

      <p>Dina had made a small mistake, but even with that, everything had gone well. Right after the battle, Dina went to the border between worlds to meet with Lufas.</p>

      <p>“What was with that ending, Miss Lufas! I couldn’t stop myself from laughing, and I was seen by Pollux!”</p>

      <p>“That would be our question... To be seen by her, of all people...”</p>

      <p>“It’s your fault, Miss Lufas! You were so into playing the final boss!”</p>

      <p>“Well, We just... We were just so happy because they’d all become so strong...”</p>

      <p>Alioth and the others would never have guessed that behind the scenes after such an intense battle such an inane conversation was taking place. The argument between Dina and Lufas continued for a little while, but once they realized the conversation was going nowhere, the two got back on point.</p>

      <p>“Now then... From here, you will make an avatar, Miss Lufas. After that, I will stop your main body’s time and seal it here. Then, I will send your avatar to the future to evade the watch of the Goddess, use some sort of method to give your avatar information about this world, and return that avatar to your real body two hundred years later for the summoning. Understood?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.” Lufas paused. “Ah, right. Would it be possible to change the avatar’s gender?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Well, you’re just giving someone your memories, personality, and part of your soul... Are you seriously planning to become a man?”</p>

      <p>“No, it was a joke.”</p>

      <p>Later, when Dina would think back on this moment, she would regret that she didn’t pursue the matter more. Not even she could predict that Lufas would actually make a male avatar. Her reason for becoming a man was probably because she wanted to be able to take an objective look at herself. The plan was no doubt to become a completely different person by assuming the opposite gender in order to objectively look at the deeds of Lufas Maphaahl with her own eyes and figure out why she had been betrayed. Of course, there were probably other goals, such as to make it even harder for the Goddess to find her, and to make the avatar as far removed from the original as possible, so that it would not become “Lufas” again once she was to leave it. It was also possible that she just wanted to take the opportunity to see what it was like to be a man. Either way, she was impossible to read.</p>

      <p>After extracting the piece of Lufas’s soul that would become the base of the avatar, Dina took that piece and went to the future before letting go of it. Even if Dina left it alone, it would simply find some appropriate baby about to be born and inhabit it, thus completing the avatar. There was no need to watch over it anymore. After seeing it off, Dina returned to the past in order to make arrangements to give the child the proper memories while it was growing up.</p>

      <p>Having gone back to her original time, Dina used memory and recognition manipulation to blend into Japan and start a company. Then, around the start of the Heisei era, Dina released a game with a world that resembled Mizgarz. It was just a trial product, so it was made as an offline game and sold under the name <em>Exgate</em>. After that, Dina immediately made an <em>Exgate</em> TRPG before finally creating and releasing <em>Exgate Online</em>, which sported a game system that really strongly resembled the one on Mizgarz.</p>

      <p>There was no need to worry whether or not Lufas’s avatar would play. After all, her avatar would subconsciously remember their old world. The avatar would definitely become hooked on this world. There was no way they wouldn’t be interested.</p>

      <p>However, because this game was so faithful to its origins, the balance was quite bad, which was a problem. Because of that, it was a little... Actually, it received really bad reviews online, and if things stayed as they were, the game would lose its player base and have to shut down. <em>L-Looks like I can’t afford to choose my methods.</em> <em>Anyway, the first and most important thing is to have the avatar play this game. In order to do that, it needs some fame.</em></p>

      <p>Dina was sure that the avatar would play as long as they knew of the game, but there was the possibility that <em>Exgate Online</em> would end as an unknown shit game. So, Dina decided to cheat. She added her manipulative abilities to a commercial, thus forcing people to hold interest in her game and turning it popular. This was the reason why <em>Exgate Online</em> was so popular regardless of the fact that it was a shit game with no balance.</p>

      <p>After confirming that Lufas had appeared in the game, Dina then manipulated events so that they matched Mizgarz’s history. Dina picked a number of players out of the crowd with characters that resembled the Seven Heroes who also logged in often to indirectly manipulate. By giving them encounters such as “luckily” getting a rare item drop or “luckily” meeting rare monsters that gave high exp, Dina guided them into becoming top players. Thanks to that, she was able to send them gifts under the excuse of them being top players that gave them the names they should have had—Alioth, Benetnasch, and whatnot. Dina taught the Alioth character about the secret Chosen class through a “coincidental” event, thus affecting his build.</p>

      <p>Furthermore, Dina created her own separate account and character and mixed in among Lufas and the others so she could guide the direction of their chat conversations and bring about the same history as that of Mizgarz.</p>

      <p>“It’s boring to just have one huge power, so let’s break up by doing something big...”</p>

      <p>The reason why such a ridiculous player-made event managed to happen was because the devs were actually in on it. Everything went smoothly, almost as if the devs were playing favorites, which was realized by people on the message boards. They were right... The management was, in fact, playing favorites.</p>

      <p>After that, Dina detected a warp in space—an Exgate—so she sent her personal character, the Goddess of Creation, Alovenus, to Lufas’s avatar to extend the invitation before teleporting there herself. A piece of the gaming avatar’s soul was retrieved, and the avatar was put to sleep. With that, the avatar tipped forward, so Dina never got a look at the avatar’s face before she left. Thanks to that, she never realized until it was too late that the avatar was male, another failure on her part.</p>

      <p>As an aside, after Dina left Earth, her manipulation over the people there was undone, and thanks to <em>Exgate Online’s</em> terrible game balance, it lost its player base quickly. Thus, the game finally bit it and shut down.</p>

      <h1>24</h1>

      <p>While she was producing a game in Japan and feeding Lufas’s avatar information with it, Dina made sure to periodically return to Mizgarz. Her objective: to observe the Devil King Orm.</p>

      <p>Normally, he should have left the stage for a while after Lufas’s defeat, but for some reason, he had fought off the heroes and forced a continuation to this farce. It was only natural for the Goddess to harbor some doubts about him, so Dina had been given the order to watch over the Devil King.</p>

      <p>To Dina, who wanted to focus her efforts on her Japan activities, this was a rather unfortunate miscalculation. What was even worse was that the Sun ouroboros’s avatar had grown an ego and had started to act as the Goddess’s subordinate as well. Pollux, Parthenos, Taurus, and Aquarius should all have already started their work sealing the ouroboroses, but those dragons weren’t so weak as to be able to be suppressed just like that. They could summon avatars all of a sudden, and those avatars could even have wills of their own.</p>

      <p>This worst-case scenario had come to pass, which meant that Dina not only had to watch the Devil King, but she also had to be careful not to let her betrayal be seen through. She was far past being a double spy. While playing the role of an agent of the Goddess who snuck into the ranks of the devilfolk perfectly, she also had to manage her business in Japan.</p>

      <p>Even so, there were also happy coincidences. As someone who had also raised the flag of rebellion against the Goddess, the Devil King became Dina’s accomplice, and they helped cover for each other, turning their relationship into a mutually beneficial one. The Devil King did indeed already know of Dina’s true identity. He knew, and he purposefully let her do her thing because he knew that letting her go would be better for him.</p>

      <p>Then, on the fated day, the Goddess had the idea to implant Lufas with a fake personality. She wanted to pick a random peace-addled person from Japan and switch their personality into Lufas to make her easier to control, thus turning a feared enemy into a pawn. But most likely, even she had never expected that Lufas already had an avatar in Japan.</p>

      <p>Dina and Lufas took advantage of that to take Lufas’s avatar and copy it back onto Lufas herself with the Goddess’s consent. Just like that, Lufas had managed to be summoned back to Mizgarz, having retrieved the piece of her soul that she had given up. All this meant that the current Lufas—the “stranger pretending to be Lufas”—had actually just been Lufas herself this whole time. That was why she never hesitated to fight, as well as why she had never been affected by anything she had killed. Of course, she wouldn’t lust after women, and she had set her speech pattern in stone as a sort of subconscious defense mechanism so that she wouldn’t lose herself. All this had just been a front too. She would wake up with just a small push.</p>

      <p>It was only natural to dream. Have you ever become a person with impossible abilities in your dreams? Or maybe you’ve become your favorite fictional or game character in your dreams? When that happened, did you suddenly start acting as them with no hesitation? Anything huge that would have you asking, “The hell was that dream? That’s way too weird,” wouldn’t seem strange at all in a dream; you’d just dismiss it as natural. Of course, it would be possible to recognize that you were in a dream while still inside it. However, that was exceedingly rare. Even when faced with ridiculous situations which your normal judgment would instantly recognize as such, a dreamer would only accept it. Then what if you weren’t yourself in a dream? Even then, you would just accept any impossible setting and move accordingly.</p>

      <p>Lufas was in just such a state, meaning that she was dreaming that she was an impostor who was possessing herself. In the end, though, she was basically just half-asleep, so whenever she fought strong enemies, like Benetnasch, she would slowly be shaken awake. In situations like that, she would awaken completely, though, but as soon as Lufas realized that now was not the time to awaken, she would be forced back to sleep and continue the act. However, she was getting closer and closer to awakening and becoming herself again.</p>

      <p>All this was moving according to Lufas and Dina’s plan, serving to deceive the Goddess. If, for example, Lufas were to have come back to Mizgarz in her full, normal state, the Goddess would have activated the ouroboroses without giving her the time to gather her allies. In order to avoid that, Lufas had to make sure to play the fool.</p>

      <p>But the time for that was over. The Twelve Stars were all gathered and preparations were complete. All that was left was to clear up any remaining obstacles and claim the right to challenge the Goddess. So, Dina completely removed the memory manipulation she’d cast on Lufas.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>I’m awake.</p>

      <p>It’s a bit clichéd, but there’s no need for me to— Oh, there’s no point in acting anymore, I guess. It feels much more natural to refer to myself as a woman now. I no longer feel like I’ve become someone else. I don’t have any blanks in my memory. I remember the times before I was sealed, the times when I was half-asleep, and all of it was me. I hadn’t been switched out with someone else at all.</p>

      <p>It felt like I had gone to sleep at night and dreamed of a slightly different version of myself who I acted out without question, and now it was morning and time to wake up. The worry that I was being overwritten by Lufas and would soon no longer be myself seemed like a ridiculous thought now.</p>

      <p>Now that the curtain had been pulled back, it all turned out to be a one-person show, planned out and acted by me. I played myself and had been afraid of myself. It was rather laughable, if I do say so myself. I’d apparently written a comedy.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Mmm...! That was a nice nap. It’s rare to feel this great.”</p>

      <p>“I bet. After all, you’ve been sleeping for two hundred years.”</p>

      <p>My speech pattern was no longer stuck in place. Now that I knew that I was myself, I could change my speech pattern any way I wanted. In fact, this locked-in speech pattern was actually something I changed into before. I suppose I should first fix the way I refer to myself.</p>

      <p>“Good work, Ophiuchus. Well done deceiving all and completing your duty. Only you could have come this far... Thank you.”</p>

      <p>“I am not worthy of such words.”</p>

      <p>“Well done”... Those two words were all I could think of. She’d tricked me and deceived the rest of the world as well, including all of humanity, the devilfolk, and even the Goddess. She had trickled me information while I was half asleep to lead me to the truth, all while manipulating the devilfolk to prevent humanity’s destruction and still managing to evade the watchful eye of the Ouroboros of Heaven’s avatar. She watched her timings and made sure to act and catch Terra’s suspicion so that she could leave the devilfolk’s side without arousing suspicion from the Ouroboros of Heaven’s avatar, thus permanently evading his gaze. Then, she left with perfect timing in concert with Pollux’s actions, pretending to hide herself while moving to another world where the Goddess couldn’t see her, thus leading me to this world where I could fully awaken.</p>

      <p>For now... Let’s just check my own stats.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent">【<b>Lufas Maphaahl</b>】</p>

      <p class="noindent">【Level】: 4200</p>

      <p class="noindent">【Race】: Heaven-Winged</p>

      <p class="noindent">【Class Levels】:</p>

      <p class="noindent">・Warrior: 200</p>

      <p>・Swordmaster: 200</p>

      <p class="noindent">・Archer: 200</p>

      <p class="noindent">・Gunner: 200</p>

      <p class="noindent">・Grappler: 200</p>

      <p class="noindent">・Champion: 200</p>

      <p class="noindent">・Monster Tamer: 200</p>

      <p class="noindent">・Alchemist: 200</p>

      <p class="noindent">・Ranger: 200</p>

      <p class="noindent">・Strider: 200</p>

      <p class="noindent">・Acolyte: 200</p>

      <p class="noindent">・Priest: 200</p>

      <p class="noindent">・Esper: 200</p>

      <p class="noindent">・Pyschicer: 200</p>

      <p class="noindent">・Mage: 200</p>

      <p class="noindent">・Sorcerer: 200</p>

      <p class="noindent">・The Archenemy: 1000</p>

      <p class="noindent">【HP】: 4405000</p>

      <p class="noindent">【SP】: 99999</p>

      <p class="noindent">【STR (Strength)】: 80580</p>

      <p class="noindent">【DEX (Dexterity)】: 38025</p>

      <p class="noindent">【VIT (Vitality)】: 53170</p>

      <p class="noindent">【INT (Intelligence)】: 65370</p>

      <p class="noindent">【AGI (Agility)】: 65034</p>

      <p class="noindent">【MND (Mind)】: 45045</p>

      <p class="noindent">【LUK (Luck)】: 49194</p>

      <p class="noindent">【Equipment】:</p>

      <p class="noindent">・Head: —</p>

      <p class="noindent">・Right arm: —</p>

      <p class="noindent">・Left arm: —</p>

      <p class="noindent">・Body: Shirt and jeans</p>

      <p class="noindent">・Legs: Fancy shoes</p>

      <p class="noindent">・Other: Hoodie<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Good, no change from before I was sealed. </em>I was worried I might have been a little rusty, but it looks like I managed to exercise, even when half-asleep. I was undoubtedly in my best condition. As I was now, I felt like I could punch apart a star. I felt the desire to test out my power, but we were still in Japan. If I did that, then just the aftershocks would destroy everything. Testing would have to wait until we returned to the other side.</p>

      <p>I looked over at my two companions, and Dina was smiling even while sweating, while Benet was looking more and more ready to fight as she looked over at me with her arms crossed. <em>I guess I should undo Alkaid for now. There’s no point in keeping it on here.</em></p>

      <p>After a moment, Dina let out a relieved sigh. “Whew.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, I had been letting off a lot of unnecessary pressure towards my surroundings while I was fully unleashed. I checked my arm only to find that the bangle I was wearing to seal my stats had cracked. It seemed as if it wasn’t strong enough to affect my serious mode. <em>Oh no, I wasted it. Oh well, I can just fix it later.</em></p>

      <p>“I honestly still don’t know exactly what’s going on, but... Basically, everything was moving according to your plan this whole time, right? Even that fight two hundred years ago?” asked Benet.</p>

      <p>“I do feel guilty about tricking you back then, but there was no other way. Even if I had won, the Goddess would just have activated the ouroboroses and reset the world.”</p>

      <p>Two hundred years ago, I had ducked out on a promise I made with Benet to have a final fight, but at that point, I was already checkmated, so even if I had won, nothing would have been left. If I had managed to win back then, the Goddess would just have activated the ouroboroses, and Mizgarz would have had all life wiped from it. If that were to have happened, it would’ve been my loss anyway. A Pyrrhic victory like that, which left nothing on my side, wouldn’t be a victory at all. So at the time, I had no choice but to lose and leave the stage, and I couldn’t afford for Benet and the power she brought to be lost as a side effect of that.</p>

      <p>Benet hesitated. “You changed the way you refer to yourself.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I just went back to how it was in the past. Right now, I’m not a ruler or anything, after all. I’m just Lufas Maphaahl.”</p>

      <p>Up until now, I’d always referred to myself as “I” in my head and “We” out loud. As a result, I wasn’t able to strike a good balance between my mind and my body. The me who had been acting as “me” had subconsciously had the habits of a pretentious king soaked into it, and that was why I’d acted so strangely. But that was all over now. Right now, I was not me as I was when I had thought I was male, nor was I the ruler who referred to themselves with the royal “we.”</p>

      <p>I’d lost once and retired from the stage, but now, I was back as just a single, stubborn heaven-winged. Therefore, it wouldn’t be a bad choice to return to how I had referred to myself in the past, back when I had just been an adventurer fighting for my livelihood.</p>

      <p>There was something I’d understood after having gained an objective, unbiased perspective. I had been too impatient as a ruler. I chased ideals for the sake of the ideals alone, not giving any thought to my surroundings, and I committed cruel acts in order to fulfill my goals with ease. I wanted to give people memories of fun. I wanted them to live in a present where they could sleep without fear. I wanted to build a place where people could welcome tomorrow with hope in their hearts.</p>

      <p>But the reality was the exact opposite. In my desire to solve the fearsome threat of the devilfolk, I myself became an even greater source of fear. My ideals had, at some point, become nothing but delusions, and my very existence represented something far removed from peace. Because I existed, the people couldn’t have fun memories. They couldn’t have a present where they could sleep peacefully. And they couldn’t look to the future with hope.</p>

      <p>I’d noted this before... It was only natural that they had turned their backs on me. Just being able to realize that made this entire farce worth it.</p>

      <p>“By the way, Ophiuchus... No, would Dina be better?”</p>

      <p>“Either way”</p>

      <p>“I see. Then Dina... That person’s shown their tail, haven’t they?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, just as you wanted.”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t stop myself from smiling. Dina followed suit, a smile blooming on her face as she brushed back some of her hair.</p>

      <p>It had been worth playing the fool, then. Thanks to that, I’d managed to get someone who would normally never show an opening to do just that. They’d made a clearly recognizable mistake. Now all that was left was to take full advantage.</p>

      <p>“Now then...”</p>

      <p>I brushed back my bangs with a small smile. The Twelve Stars were gathered. I’d toured around humanity’s territories and met Megrez, Merak, and Mizar, so the goal was close. There were only a few enemies left. No, there was always only one enemy for me. Benet was...formidable, but she was more of a friend than an enemy; that was an unchangeable fact, so she didn’t count.</p>

      <p>Waiting for my next words, Dina tensed up and Benet smiled, showing her fangs. So as to live up to their expectations, I opened my mouth. “Let’s go buy up all the games and food we want before going back.”</p>

      <p>The two of them fell in unison.</p>

      <p>“Wait a second, Miss Lufas, you can’t be serious! You were so cool up until now, talking like a big boss and everything!” cried Dina.</p>

      <p>“Are you seriously playing around right now, Maphaahl?” asked Dina.</p>

      <p>The complaints came flying in, but <em>Ahhh-Aahhhhh can’t heearrr yoouuuuu! </em>Bouts of coolness were meant to be broken, or so I’d heard from a fictional vampire. After all, we wouldn’t have many chances to visit this world. I hadn’t bought any souvenirs for the other members still on the other side either.</p>

      <p>Also... Yeah, now that my memories were back, I never had been a real resident of this place, which meant that I had never actually tried any Japanese food other than the burger I just had. Now that I’d thought of that... Well? Wouldn’t anyone really get a craving?</p>

      <p>Hmm? Nothing’s changed from before I got my memories back, you say? ...Shaddap. So I’ve always been like this, so what?</p>

      <h1>25</h1>

      <p>Right now, all the Twelve Heavenly Stars apart from Leon and Taurus were gathered aboard the <em>Argo</em> along with Terra and Luna. Aquarius and Pisces, who were newly reunited with the gang, were overjoyed. Pisces was called Eros again, which brought tears to his eyes, and they felt relief that nothing had changed in two hundred years. Though they were duly surprised when they heard that Parthenos had gone to the other side and was now only visiting, thanks to Pollux’s skill. However, there were benefits to being a heroic spirit. The arm she’d lost in the fight with Sol was already back. Her near invincibility was thanks to her having a false body.</p>

      <p>At any rate, they were all waiting for Lufas’s return while talking about what they should do next, with Pollux taking the reins of the conversation. Specifically, they discussed how to deal with Sol.</p>

      <p>“That man said he’d be going after the current heroes. That is to say, he’ll be aiming for either Megrez, Merak, or Benetnasch.”</p>

      <p>“We can probably take Benetnasch out of that list. She’s acting along with our master, and even if they’ve split up, she’d be able to defeat Sol anyway,” said Libra.</p>

      <p>If Sol was speaking the truth, then he would be going after one of the Seven Heroes next, of which only Megrez, Merak, and Benetnasch were left alive. However, Libra had immediately written Benetnasch off of the list of potential victims. No matter how buffed up they were, the man named Sol had been fended off by Terra, the three bird musketeers, and Castor. That implied that he was not at the level of Benetnasch. Even if left alone, the Vampire Princess wouldn’t be done in, so they would be able to concentrate on Megrez or Merak.</p>

      <p>“Why not just leave it alone?” asked Scorpius. “Why do we care what happens to them? In fact, it would just save us the bother of killing them ourselves.”</p>

      <p>“I agree with that opinion. We have no reason to be concerned over the fate of the Seven Heroes. Just let them die,” Aigokeros said.</p>

      <p>Both Scorpius and Aigokeros, the most radical of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, gave harsh opinions here. These two, who were excellent at bearing grudges, had no intention of ever forgiving the traitorous Seven Heroes. If they were to die, that would be just fine to the two of them. At most, they’d just think that they were saved the effort of dealing with some enemies, since their enemies were busy dealing with each other. This opinion was shared amongst almost all of the Twelve Heavenly Stars as well, though they wouldn’t say that out loud.</p>

      <p>“Seriously though, is there even any real gain from them killing off the weakened members of the Seven Heroes? That Sol guy’s not even an ally of the devilfolk, right?” Aquarius, with her human upper torso sticking out of the pitcher that was her main body, gave voice to her doubts.</p>

      <p>“True. We can’t figure out the point. If We were Sol, then We would first prioritize waking up all of the ouroboroses,” said Pisces, echoing Aquarius.</p>

      <p>Sol was on the Goddess’s side. If they were to just accept that as fact, there was no reason at all to attack the Seven Heroes right now, considering his position.</p>

      <p>“There are more important things to talk about now that Aquarius is here. Shouldn’t we be making more Nectar to raise our strength?”</p>

      <p>“Sorry, not enough materials. Also, your stats are all so boosted already, drinking Nectar’s gonna do almost nothing, you know?” Aquarius waved her hand in front of her face, signaling that it would be impossible to make Pisces’s idea a reality.</p>

      <p>Nectar... It was a divine potion that only Aquarius could make, and for that reason, the country she’d made shared its name with this drink. Aquarius’s original form was that of a divine artifact whose sole purpose was to create this potion. It was a miraculous liquid that would raise the drinker’s stats, but its effects weakened the stronger the drinker was and would eventually require rarer and rarer ingredients to work on them.</p>

      <p>For example, Aries had once downed tons of mass-produced nectar made from cheap materials when he was weak in order to strengthen his stats. If he were to drink the same stuff now, it would have basically no effect at all, and the amount of money that would probably have to be spent to raise Lufas’s stats by even 1 would probably number in the tens of billions. It was basically unusable at that point.</p>

      <p>The people here were nowhere near as strong as Lufas, but they were still quite strong. It would take tens of millions to raise one of their stats by 1, so it was far from cost efficient. Unfortunately, Nectar was a sort of plot device specifically for weak people.</p>

      <p>Aquarius stopped talking there, and the subject turned back to dealing with Sol.</p>

      <p>Parthenos crossed her arms as she brought up the first idea she thought of. “Going back to the original subject, isn’t Sol just thinking that it would be a lot of trouble if the heroes were to team up with us, so he’s going to kill them off now? Or maybe he’s going to frame Lufas for the heroes’ deaths in a plan to make us war with humanity?”</p>

      <p>“That seems possible... Honestly, though, even if humanity were to oppose us, they wouldn’t even be much of a threat to M E with how weak they are now.”</p>

      <p>With that statement from Karkinos, the conversation stalled as no one could find a good counterargument.</p>

      <p>What Parthenos suggested could possibly be true. The plan two hundred years ago had been similar too. The Goddess heightened the people’s fear of Lufas in order to pit them against her and cause her downfall. However, the situation was different now compared to back then. In those days, the opposition was composed of great warriors trained by Lufas herself, ironically. The strength of humanity as a whole was the highest it had ever been in history, and that was why they had been able to stand against Lufas.</p>

      <p>However, in this era, humanity was weak enough to count the Sword Saint Friedrich as one of the strongest of their number... Well, to be more precise, it was more like they’d returned to normal before Lufas than that they’d gotten weaker, but as things stood now, even a single one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars could drive them all to destruction. Indeed, they would not even work as enemies.</p>

      <p>“As I thought, we should probably be looking at this as a ploy to divide our forces. I think we should leave the heroes alone and focus on reuniting with Taurus.”</p>

      <p>Libra sounded heartless, but she did offer a solid plan of action. There was really no benefit from killing the Seven Heroes, so even if that were to actually happen, it wouldn’t be much of a problem for them. What would be scarier was if they took this threat to the Seven Heroes seriously and split their forces trying to protect them, thus allowing the other side to be able to move as they pleased in the meanwhile and pick them off one by one. If Merak or Megrez were to actually die, it would be no loss to them, so ignoring the Seven Heroes was a valid choice.</p>

      <p>That was the conclusion that Libra had drawn. <em>Yes, it must never be misunderstood... We are not allies of humanity—we are simply a third force that obeys only Lufas.</em></p>

      <p>But just before things seemed all but decided, Pollux threw in her two cents. “What if the death of the Seven Heroes isn’t a goal, but a method?” she asked after a long silence.</p>

      <p>There was no problem if the heroes were to die at the moment. Pollux’s personal feelings aside, it would, at the very least, not affect them militarily at all. But the fallout of their deaths could still affect them. That was how Pollux thought of it.</p>

      <p>“What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“Aries... If I remember correctly, the hero’s party is with Megrez, correct?” asked Pollux.</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” he said. “It sounded like they needed to talk to him about something.”</p>

      <p>“Then what would the hero think if Megrez were to be murdered before his very eyes?”</p>

      <p>“Uh... Well, I think he’d be mad.”</p>

      <p>“You’re right. Then what if Sol, who would have killed Megrez, claimed to be a devilfolk?”</p>

      <p>“Wouldn’t he hold a grudge against them?” Aries answered Pollux’s questions with a puzzled face, wondering why she was asking such obvious questions.</p>

      <p>However, Aries’s answers seemed to give Pollux food for thought, and her expression grew steadily grimmer. “Right, he would most likely start to hate the devilfolk, but he won’t be powerful enough to have his revenge... So wouldn’t that make it the perfect situation for the Goddess’s usual pattern?”</p>

      <p>“Ah!”</p>

      <p>“Wouldn’t that be his aim? Take down the current hero to birth the next generation. Orm’s become the Goddess’s enemy now... Wouldn’t she want a hero to defeat him? Also, the Seven Heroes’ deaths would definitely light the fire of hatred under humanity.” Pollux paused, thinking. “Turning anger and hatred into power... The hero might have a skill that could do that.”</p>

      <p>Pollux was just making a conjecture, but given the situation, it definitely seemed likely. The Goddess could birth a new level 1000 hero and give him her blessing on top of that. With all that, the new hero might even be able to fight against Benetnasch equally. This hero would unify all of humanity, concentrate their wills, and if he were to engage in battle alongside the ouroboroses, he might be able to bring about a miracle, a repeat of two hundred years ago.</p>

      <p>“Understood. If you’ve thought that far, then let us send forces to Merak and Megrez. However, given that it could also be a trap, we should make sure to deploy enough power to break through any such machinations as well. I will go to Taurus myself while the rest of you deploy to intercept Sol,” said Libra.</p>

      <p>“You’re going by yourself?”</p>

      <p>“Retrieving Taurus should not result in a fight. I alone should be fine for just reuniting with him and bringing him back.” Silence reigned as Libra suddenly remembered something. “Ah, I suppose I will also need one of the argonautai to replace Taurus.”</p>

      <p>Libra’s idea was to deploy all their forces to be able to react in case of a trap. If there was a trap, it would be fine to just destroy it all at once with enough power that no trap would make a difference. It was a simple plan, but there were cases where simply brute-forcing a situation proved much more effective than trying to make an overcomplicated plan based on too many variables. In fact, brute force tended to work better the more of a tactician the enemy was.</p>

      <p>After some thought, Pollux eventually gathered her wits and nodded. “You’re right. Your plan might be better. But it’s also a possibility that he’s trying to lead us out so that he can go for Taurus instead. It was strange that he’d tell us his plans in the first place. You’ll need to be plenty careful yourself.”</p>

      <p>“It will not matter, even if he does come. I will beat him back.”</p>

      <p>Libra sounded confident, but Pollux simply regarded her silently. <em>I suppose I should have expected this. She doesn’t think even a little bit that she could lose.</em></p>

      <p>Actually, if Sol was to go for Taurus, he would just end up having to face both Libra and Taurus in battle. With Taurus in the fight, the Goddess’s blessing would have no effect. After landing a first hit with Brachium to leave Sol near death, a punch from Taurus would probably end it. The member of the argonautai accompanying her wouldn’t be weak either. There was no reason they would lose.</p>

      <p>“Then let’s get started.”</p>

      <p>Lufas was probably still looking for Dina, so, with their master not present, they would simply have to clear as many of the remaining problems as they could by themselves. With that resolution made, the Twelve Heavenly Stars sprung into action.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Well met. And welcome.”</p>

      <p>Right now, the hero’s party as well as two others were currently guests at Megrez’s house. The two others were surprising. So surprising, in fact, that Kross was about to faint.</p>

      <p>Sitting next to Megrez was a man with one wing, and sitting across from them was a golem made to look like a dwarf. One was the Sky King Merak, and the other was a golem controlled by the personality of the now-deceased Blacksmith King Mizar. In other words, three of the Seven Heroes were present. This fact flabbergasted Sei.</p>

      <p>“I see. So he’s the new ‘hero.’ He’s got a good look in his eyes.”</p>

      <p>“Does he? I just see a youngster.”</p>

      <p>Both Merak and Mizar’s golem—which will from now on be referred to as Mizar for convenience—looked at Sei appraisingly. It was exceedingly uncomfortable. Sei was here so that he could report on the conclusions reached in conversation the other day, but it was a huge surprise to him that the number of heroes had multiplied.</p>

      <p>“Um, Sir Megrez... What is...?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, don’t worry about it. It’s nothing big. I just got a bit fired up from looking at you. I finally realized that my younger self would be laughing at me right now if he saw me sitting around doing nothing but hide.”</p>

      <p>“Not to mention Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“Totally. Just what have we been doing for two hundred years...?” Megrez and Merak both laughed, seemingly at themselves.</p>

      <p><em>What were we even doing? </em>They were the ones who wondered that the most. The answer was that they hadn’t been doing anything. <em>It’s as if we’ve been stopped in time since that event two hundred years ago. If only we hadn’t done that. If only we’d done this. Ah, how foolish could we have been?</em></p>

      <p>They’d continued to pile regret upon regret until they stopped completely. If they made a mistake, they could just make up for it. If they were foolish, then all they had to do was correct anything they’d done wrong. But they never even tried. Instead, they lived, wasting time uselessly while looking at nothing but the past.</p>

      <p><em>Just by fighting the Devil King a little and getting inflicted with a little curse, we acted like we’d taken enough punishment and stopped doing anything. But then what about this young man? </em>The boy, having been summoned from another world, was now acting on behalf of a place he had no connection to.<em> </em>Even if he was weak, even if he wasn’t nearly capable enough, even without the ability to split heaven and earth like Lufas, he was still doing his best. <em>Compared to him, how embarrassing can we get?</em></p>

      <p>“I had a thought when we talked before. It’s true you’re not powerful enough. You’re not even comparable to us, let alone Lufas,” said Megrez.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, sir,” stuttered Sei.</p>

      <p>“But in exchange, you have something more important than the ability to fight. You have the strong will to always move forward no matter what. You believe in your own sense of justice. Even if a hundred people say the same thing, you’ll still think for yourself, and you have the ability to always come to the correct—the just—choice. I’m sure that that is your greatest weapon.”</p>

      <p>In the past, Megrez and the others couldn’t make the right choice. They lost to the Goddess’s power and went down the wrong path. Even now, nothing had changed when it came to humanity. As always, they feared Lufas and shrunk away from her power. History was about to repeat itself.</p>

      <p>But now Sei was here, and he was looking for the correct path. He alone was searching desperately for the road of peace. Thanks to that, they were now in a cooperative relationship with Lufas and her group, though it was in an incomplete form.</p>

      <p>Upon hearing this, people might react by saying, “Anybody could do that.” They would be right. Anybody could accomplish such a feat. It required no special power. All he had to do was disregard the fact that he was summoned to be a hero, disregard how scary everyone told him Lufas was, make his own decision to get close to her and see her true nature, and then become friendly with her. Such a feat needed no martial prowess at all. Destroying planets was not something anyone could do. Only Lufas and Benetnasch were capable of that. However, anyone was capable of talking to the ones who could destroy planets. But to anyone who would actually say this out loud, Megrez would probably have this to say: “Then you try doing it.” And he would be right. Anybody could do it, but no one had. That was why things had devolved into such a big fight two hundred years ago.</p>

      <p><em>No one—not even myself, Merak, Mizar, Alioth, Phecda, or Dubhe—did it. We just split up and tried to kill each other. </em>That was why Megrez respected Minamijuuji Sei so much. Sei wasn’t even a tenth of Megrez’s age, and he also hadn’t a tenth of his power, but still, Megrez respected him. And that got Megrez thinking.</p>

      <p><em>We should get time started for ourselves again. What kind of heroes would we be if all we did was rely on a boy from another world? What kind of “Wise King” would I be? If I really regret what happened before then, now is the time. I should be supporting this boy as best as I can!</em></p>

      <p>After that, Megrez immediately attempted to contact the other heroes as soon as he had split up with Sei. As always, Benetnasch had ignored him, but apparently, both Merak and Mizar had met Lufas as well and received their own answers. So there was only one thing to do. Now was the time to make up for their past mistakes.</p>

      <p>“Let us help you, hero. We will follow your orders.”</p>

      <p>The powerless boy’s bravery had lit a fire under the other three heroes.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>