<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="side1_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p><em>One year later.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>It was like a scene from hell. Blood, blood, blood as far as the eye could see. All that blood formed rivers in the dirt, streaming away from a veritable mountain of bodies. Each and every one of them was beheaded, and the heads were displayed on top of spears stuck out of the ground. Every single one of these heads and corpses belonged to a devilfolk, and they contained all sorts. Women, children, the elderly—none of them had been spared.</p>

      <p>“Lufas Maphaahl, my great master. Every single one of these posers that live in the area has been given death.”</p>

      <p>“Well done, Aigokeros.”</p>

      <p>The only living beings present at the center of this scene from hell were Lufas, who had become a ruler, and Aigokeros, the great demon beside her, who was soaked in blood splatter.</p>

      <p>Megrez and the others couldn’t help but experience a cold sweat, seeing their changed friend.</p>

      <p>Megrez hesitated before speaking. “Don’t you think you’ve gone too far, Lufas? No matter how you consider it, displaying the corpses like this is...”</p>

      <p>“If we continue to half-ass things, it will just lead to anger. That anger will change to hatred, and hatred will become motivation for revenge. That must not happen. If we want peace for the people, we must rip out their will to fight from the roots. We must instill them with such fear that there will no longer be any room for hatred... They must tremble just by hearing my name and become unable to move because of it.”</p>

      <p>Seeing the look in Lufas’s eye, Megrez couldn’t help but feel fear. All he could see in them was merciless, bottomless anger. <em>I’m like this, and I’m her friend. I’m sure the fear the devilfolk feel is incomparable. </em>Megrez shivered.</p>

      <p>“B-But you didn’t have to even make an example out of the women and children too... I’m not telling you not to kill them, but...”</p>

      <p>“You’re wrong, Megrez. These are simply their female and immature forms. They are not women and children.”</p>

      <p>Lufas no longer thought of the devilfolk as even being similar to humans. To her, they were nothing more than vermin to be stamped out.</p>

      <p>A golem that looked like a maid stepped towards Lufas with heavy footsteps. She had a devilfolk girl who was trembling in fear in her hands.</p>

      <p>“Master, by my count, there were not enough bodies, so after some searching, I have found a survivor. Should I dispose of her like the other devilfolk?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Well done.”</p>

      <p>The steel maid dragged off the girl, who, at this point, was repeating the phrase, “Help me,” over and over again. Soon, her head would join the others on top of the spears. The heads being lined up right now belonged to devilfolk who had established a country here in this land. The girl just now was the last survivor, and she was now screaming her last.</p>

      <p>“Lufas... Is this really what you wanted to do?”</p>

      <p>“It is. No matter what I have to do, I will build a world in which people can live in peace. I will allow them to make fond memories, to sleep at night without fear, and to hold hope and face the future together... To realize that, I don’t mind if I become the greatest perpetrator of genocide in history. I can be a demon, one who is feared for eternity.”</p>

      <p>Megrez couldn’t stop the shivers he got when he looked at his changed friend.</p>

      <p>What Lufas was aiming for was something every person dreamt of at least once. A peaceful world with no fear of the devilfolk... There was no one who didn’t want that. However, in order to achieve such a nice future, the one who made it happen couldn’t afford to stay as nice as the future they wanted. If a person wanted to make that future happen, they would have to dirty their hands far more than anyone else. Lufas had resolved to do just that. That was why she could no longer be stopped.</p>

      <p><em>I get what she’s saying, and it’s probably necessary. But... It’s also terrifying. I’m terrified of Lufas. Will her fangs be pointed at humanity one of these days? Maybe it would be better for me, as a friend, to...take her down before it ever happens...</em></p>

      <p>Megrez stopped his train of thought there as a chill ran up his spine. <em>...Wh-What was I just considering? Take down? Who? Lufas Maphaahl, my friend?!</em> <em>No way... What was I thinking just now... Lufas is acting for the sake of humanity’s future. Someone has to do it, so that’s why she’s taking it upon herself. Take her down? I think I’m going crazy.</em> Megrez shook his head in an attempt to rid himself of the scary idea that had popped into his head.</p>

      <p>However, his fear, his doubt towards Lufas was now stuck inside him. It would not disappear. <em>One day, she may destroy humanity.</em> Once that thought had occurred to him, Megrez could not get rid of it.</p>

      <p>And Megrez wasn’t the only one. Alioth and Mizar also had doubt bloom in their hearts. As of now, it was just a small amount of doubt. However, while it was just a seed, it was surely growing within their hearts, steadily becoming bigger.</p>

      <p>Once, they’d laughed with each other while talking about dreams. When they talked, they were full of smiles. However, now that their dreams were becoming real, there were no smiles among them.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>