<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 19</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Hello everyone, this is Yuri Kitayama. Thank you for reading <em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles</em> volume 19—Tachi of Wind.</p>

      <p>So, volume 19 has been released! I believe most of you are reading this afterword after the story, but I’ve also heard that some people like to read from the afterword, so I’ll try to refrain from giving too many spoilers.</p>

      <p>Now, to start, Rio has a tendency to fight alone too much. Part of the reason is because he has too much power, but his personality that prevents him from getting others involved also plays a big part.</p>

      <p>The people who normally spend their time around him naturally understand that, but I hoped to depict how they accepted that, how they wanted to live with that, and what kind of growth they go through!</p>

      <p>In the upcoming volume 20, there’ll be plenty of action around Rio and Aishia based on the developments of volume 19.</p>

      <p>Just like how volume 10 was a big turning point for the story, volume 20 will also bring about big developments...or so I hope, so please look forward to the release!</p>

      <p>As always, there’s a preview of the next volume at the end of this book, so check that out. The subtitle will be “Her Crusade.”</p>

      <p>Next, information about the anime series has started being released bit by bit. The latest news can be found on the official website, <em>Seirei Gensouki</em>’s official Twitter, and occasionally on my own Twitter. Please follow them if you’re interested!</p>

      <p>There are still many things I can’t tell you, but I believe the anime of <em>Seirei Gensouki</em> will be wonderful.</p>

      <p>As the author, I’m cooperating with the production wherever I can, and I can keenly feel the professionalism of everyone every day.</p>

      <p>And so, I hope you’ll look forward to both volume 20 of the novel and the anime series! Let’s enjoy the show together once it broadcasts!</p>

      <p>Finally, I extend my deepest gratitude to the readers and everyone involved! Let us meet again in volume 20!</p>

      <p class="signature">Yuri Kitayama</p>

      <p class="signature">March 2021</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>