<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 19</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Umm, don’t ask me... But, I agree. You thought it’d be easier to take on everyone in the castle than Haruto. A rather arrogant view to have.” Satsuki smiled more like her usual self.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. So, let’s show them. Abduct us if you can,” Charlotte said, provoking the assailants.</p>

      <p>“Ha! Doesn’t that sound interesting, Ven?” Lucci walked up to them, ready to face Satsuki.</p>

      <p>“I told you to go back to your post, damn it.”</p>

      <p>“I’m outside the mansion, aren’t I? Plus, a bunch of easy targets just came outside to offer themselves. They seem to enjoy talking big, so I should naturally teach them their places, no? The tiny sorcerer can be dealt with by the people I left behind.”</p>

      <p>Alma had collapsed and Ifritah was gone, so there was no one left to protect Celia’s barrier. The only ones left standing were Celia and seven knights that could only enchant their physical abilities with magic.</p>

      <p>Three mercenaries with physical body enchantments could easily overwhelm them in no time. Like Lucci had said, there were enough people remaining for that. Meanwhile...</p>

      <p>“What should we do? We put on a brave front, but the only ones who can move around and fight are Latifa, Vanessa, and myself. If they push past us, we can’t protect you all... We even brought Princess Christina and Princess Flora out here... Is that okay?” Satsuki whispered quietly to Charlotte.</p>

      <p>“Flora and I are greatly indebted to Sir Amakawa, and these men were involved in our abduction as well. It is our duty as royalty to stand and fight in times of need. Let us offer what little power we have to the cause.”</p>

      <p>“Yes! I’ll do my best for Sir Haruto!”</p>

      <p>“Please don’t worry about us,” Christina said resolutely. Flora also seemed worked up—possibly because the matter involved Rio—as she was unusually enthusiastic.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry. It seems like Lady Miharu and Lady Latifa have a plan,” Charlotte said, glancing at Miharu beside her.</p>

      <p>“Latifa...and Miharu?”</p>

      <p>Satsuki looked at Miharu worriedly. They had been friends for a long time, and she knew Miharu didn’t have the personality type for conflict. She couldn’t imagine her fighting.</p>

      <p>“Yes, please leave it to me.” Miharu looked a little nervous, but she nodded with strong determination.</p>

      <p>“At my signal, Miharu will take her place and the battle will begin,” Latifa explained. “Satsuki and I will be the vanguards, and the princesses will support us with magic. If the enemy comes near, create a barrier with magic. Understood?”</p>

      <p>“Yup, got it,” Satsuki said. She was still a little concerned for Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Yes, leave it to us. I’m starting to get excited.” Although it had to be her first time experiencing such a thing, Charlotte looked like she was enjoying the situation.</p>

      <p>“I have no objections either.”</p>

      <p>“Yes!” Christina and Flora also replied.</p>

      <p>“Then here goes...!” Latifa took a deep breath. “Now, Hel!” she yelled.</p>

      <p>“Grrrah!” Sara’s contract spirit, a silver wolf, appeared, with Miharu riding its back.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!”</p>

      <p>“There’s another one of those monsters?!”</p>

      <p>For a brief moment, Lucci and Ven froze.</p>

      <p>“Go, Hel!” Miharu clung tightly to Hel’s back as it charged forward faster than the eye could follow. It weaved its way through the mercenaries until it arrived before the magic barrier Celia had cast.</p>

      <p>“Miharu!”</p>

      <p>“Celia!”</p>

      <p>“H-Help Lady Miharu inside!”</p>

      <p>Miharu jumped off of Hel’s back and rushed over the dirt wall with the help of the knights. The group over here had originally been planning to take down parts of the barrier for the knights to rush out, but the start of Latifa’s strategy had put an end to that idea. With Hel fighting in place of the knights, the situation turned in their favor.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What’s happening?” Celia asked, bewildered.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to help Ifritah materialize once more.”</p>

      <p>“Y-You can do that?!”</p>

      <p>Miharu nodded assuringly. “Yes. As long as I supply the magic essence needed.”</p>

      <p>Spirits weren’t able to be physically harmed in their spirit forms, but their material forms could be damaged. Their physical abilities would decline if they maintained a wounded material form, and their bodies would disperse entirely if they sustained too much damage, but it wouldn’t result in their death. They were simply forced back into their spirit form. If the necessary essence was resupplied, they could regain their material form without issue.</p>

      <p>The problem, however, was regaining that essence. Whether it was magic or spirit arts, the more unnatural the phenomenon occurring was, the greater the amount of magic essence needed. And it was highly unnatural for a spiritual existence to take a material form. That’s why it took a considerable amount of essence for a spirit to materialize. And it would take even more for a wounded spirit to regain an unwounded body.</p>

      <p>Because of this, uncontracted spirits would take time naturally storing essence themselves, but a contracted spirit could receive essence from their contract partner and recover in an instant. Furthermore, humanoid spirits like Aishia could freely absorb essence from their contract partner through their connected path.</p>

      <p>But that wasn’t the case for mid-class spirits like Ifritah. Whenever it needed essence, the contract partner had to be the one to supply it. However, Alma was currently unconscious and unable to prepare any magic essence.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to send you magic essence, Ifritah. You’re listening, right? Here goes...”</p>

      <p>Miharu would form a temporary contract with Ifritah in order to send it the essence it needed. The spirit needed to be the one to accept a temporary contract, but Miharu was well trusted by Alma, so that wouldn’t be a problem.</p>

      <p>In terms of pure combat power, Miharu was indeed the weakest amongst the residents of the stone house. However, when it came to magic essence, Miharu had more than everyone but Rio. No matter how many times Hel and Ifritah were wounded, she would be able to bring them back without issue.</p>

      <p>The main concern was the distance required for a temporary contract partner to supply magic essence—they had to be right beside each other. However...</p>

      <p>“Grr!”</p>

      <p>Ifritah made a full recovery outside the magic barrier. Hel and Ifritah—with these two mid-class spirits on the battlefield, the battle at Galarc Castle was about to reach its climax.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>On one side of the battle were Lucci, who was equipped with the jet-black sword formerly used by Lucius, and thirteen mercenaries including Ven, who were equipped with enchanted sword imitations that, while not as powerful as their genuine counterparts, could still provide physical enhancements superior to ability-boosting magic.</p>

      <p>Facing them were Satsuki with her Divine Arms and Latifa with her physical body enhanced by spirit arts. Alma was still unconscious inside Celia’s magic barrier.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>