<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 19</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Tch. The blood loss will be an annoyance, but at least I didn’t get the heart.” Lucci chose to leave Alma lying there, not bothering to stop her bleeding. Instead, he turned his attention to Celia.</p>

      <p>“A-Alma!” Celia shrieked from within the magic barrier.</p>

      <p>“Gwaaark!” With its contract master defeated, Ifritah roared furiously. It abandoned the other mercenaries to lunge at Lucci.</p>

      <p>“Damn it, leave the monster to me! Bring that barrier down right now!” Now, Lucci had no choice but to face Ifritah.</p>

      <p>“Guh...” Alma took that chance to secretly cast healing spirit arts to stop her bleeding.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, inside the mansion, shortly before Alma was stabbed by Lucci...</p>

      <p>During times of war, the group holding the castle had to pay particular care to secure their field of view. Holding the castle meant they were protected by the building itself and could hide themselves, but at the same time, it meant their view of any incoming enemies was obstructed.</p>

      <p>Defenselessly exposing oneself to incoming enemies by monitoring the outside was a problem, but hiding away out of fear of being discovered wasn’t good either. At worst, it was possible for the approaching enemy to invade without notice.</p>

      <p>However, short of constructing forts intended for battle, it was difficult to design buildings with securing a field of view or preventing invasion in mind. Rio’s mansion was constructed with a focus on aesthetics, so it wasn’t suitable for holding during a siege.</p>

      <p>Presently, right beside the drawing room where Satsuki and the others were hiding, Ven and his group of mercenaries were sneaking closer. They communicated to each other with hand signs while checking inside each window for their targets.</p>

      <p>Then, they hit their jackpot: they could see Miharu and Satsuki inside the room. Farther inside the room was a passage that led to a safe room.</p>

      <p><em>It’s here.</em></p>

      <p>One of the mercenaries signaled with a hand sign. There were a total of four men outside the window, including Ven. They decided on their roles and silently began their invasion.</p>

      <p>“<em>Magicae Murum.</em>”</p>

      <p>One of the men activated a spell to set a magic barrier in front of them and started charging towards the window.</p>

      <p>“Haaah!” Latifa, who had been hiding in the corner of the ceiling above the window, fired a ball of magic essence at the unguarded mercenary’s head.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” Taking an attack to the head was enough for even a physically enhanced body to fall unconscious. The first mercenary who entered collapsed to the floor. However, they had accounted for the possibility of an ambush. Seeing one of their men go down wasn’t enough to shake the others outside, and they responded rapidly.</p>

      <p>“Above the window!”</p>

      <p>“<em>Photon Projectilis!</em>”</p>

      <p>One of the mercenaries aimed above the window, hoping to eliminate Latifa from the other side of the wall.</p>

      <p>“Aah!” Latifa backed away from the window immediately. She spun midair and landed on the floor.</p>

      <p>“The enemy’s here! Miharu, go back into the room!”</p>

      <p>“R-Right!”</p>

      <p>At Satsuki’s order, Miharu promptly headed for the safe room.</p>

      <p>Satsuki’s side was naturally aware of the possibility of an outside attack. They could have all hidden in the safe room to remove the risk of being spotted from the window, but there was no way of hiding the passage to the safe room itself. Considering the likelihood of the enemy coming inside to check, they decided to set a trap. Miharu had been placed in the drawing room on purpose, to act as though they were defenseless.</p>

      <p>“Next!”</p>

      <p>“<em>Magicae Murum!</em>”</p>

      <p>Another mercenary cast a magic barrier, attempting to enter again.</p>

      <p>“I won’t let you!”</p>

      <p>However, Satsuki was waiting with her Divine Arms. She fired a wind bullet of materialized magic essence from the end of her spear, hitting the barrier of the mercenary at the front.</p>

      <p>“Whoa!” The mercenary who received the attack was sent flying several meters back out of the mansion.</p>

      <p>“Get inside!” Ven and the remaining mercenary entered the room.</p>

      <p>“Haaah!” The first to move was Latifa. With daggers in both hands, she leaped at one of the invading men.</p>

      <p>“Tsk. Whoa, there...”</p>

      <p>The mercenary immediately lifted his sword to take Latifa’s attack. She followed up with several swings of her daggers, but they were all parried away.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Latifa retreated with a light step, putting one meter of distance between herself and the man. Her expression was stiff, and her hands clutching the daggers were trembling.</p>

      <p>“She’s fast, but...” The mercenary instantly perceived that she either had little experience when it came to killing another person, or felt some kind of aversion to it.</p>

      <p>“Don’t let your guards down. She’s stronger than the knights outside,” Ven warned his men as he faced Satsuki.</p>

      <p>“I know. But who’s the target?” The man facing Latifa no longer looked like he was underestimating her.</p>

      <p>“Any of the ones at the back will do. These ones will just get in the way, so eliminate them.”</p>

      <p>“Roger that.”</p>

      <p>Having exchanged the necessary information, Ven and his men prepared for battle.</p>

      <p>“Barging into someone’s home like this...” Satsuki muttered, her body trembling.</p>

      <p>Ven furrowed his brow. “Huh?”</p>

      <p>“...means you’re willing to be treated as intruders, right? This is justified self-defense!”</p>

      <p>“Huh? What are you... Whoa!”</p>

      <p>Satsuki suddenly accelerated, closing in on Ven. She then swung her spear with all her might. Ven reflexively went to block the spear with his sword.</p>

      <p>“Haaah!” Satsuki swung her spear through, knocking Ven away bodily. In response to her anger, her Divine Arms boosted her physical body far more than an imitation enchanted sword.</p>

      <p>“Ngh...” Ven was blown backwards with great force. He crashed into the window and toppled outside of the mansion.</p>

      <p>“Are you serious...? Hey, Ven, you okay?!” the remaining mercenary in the room yelled.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah!” Ven staggered to his feet and yelled back. He had received some damage, but he was fortunate enough to block most of the attack itself with his sword. As he was rolling backwards, he was able to adjust his landing to fall safely.</p>

      <p>“Get out of here already!”</p>

      <p>Satsuki charged at the remaining mercenary in the room.</p>

      <p>“Tch.”</p>

      <p>The man seemed to realize there was no good in remaining in the room. He retreated through the window.</p>

      <p>“I won’t let you get away!” Satsuki chased him out the window.</p>

      <p>“W-Wow, Satsuki...”</p>

      <p>Latifa was taken aback by the sudden turn of events. But she soon snapped to her senses and rushed over to the window to check on the situation.</p>

      <p><em>Ifritah’s out in the open! A-Alma!</em></p>

      <p>She must have realized Ifritah was going wild from the sound of its roars. Latifa watched on as Ifritah lunged at Lucci, while Louise ran with Alma in her arms.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, far above in the skies where no griffin could reach, Reiss manipulated bullets of light to provide support to Arein and the others on the ground as he observed the battle. Although he could control their trajectories, he was quite a distance away from his targets. His accuracy was low, but it was enough to keep the kingdom’s aerial knights back.</p>

      <p><em>I knew there was a bird mid-class spirit here, but I hadn’t expected any others... They must be demi-humans of the Wilderness after all, </em>Reiss thought, guessing Alma’s identity. He had previously seen a bird mid-class spirit patrolling the area when Rio was escorting Christina to Rodania.</p>

      <p><em>Giving that sword to Lucci was the right decision. That sword is great against spirits. It should be able to take on a mid-class one easily. Though he seems to be struggling... And I don’t see the other two outside either.</em></p>

      <p>The “other two” that Reiss was thinking of were Sara and Orphia. If Alma was contracted to a mid-class spirit, it made sense that one of the other two was contracted to the bird spirit.</p>

      <p><em>If two of them are contracted to mid-class spirits, then the third is likely to have one as well... I could deal with the bird one if it appeared in the sky, but another mid-class spirit on the ground would be troublesome.</em></p>

      <p>With one of them materialized with no regard for the human witnesses, it wouldn’t be strange for the other two to appear at any moment. Reiss hummed in thought as he focused on the movements taking place near the mansion.</p>

      <p>The Heavenly Lions were all experienced fighters. They didn’t have any secret abilities, but they were all equipped with imitation enchanted swords that could enhance their physical bodies, an effect stronger than magic. They had enough strength to take on a mid-class spirit as a group. Most importantly, they were here to avenge Lucius, making their movements sharper than ever.</p>

      <p>However, although the two most dangerous people—Rio and Aishia—weren’t here, the people around Rio were formidable as well. A hidden weapon had just appeared outside the mansion in the form of a mid-class spirit, and Ven’s group had gone through a window just moments ago, but was promptly chased back out. The situation everywhere was changing by the moment.</p>

      <p><em>There’s a spirit’s presence outside the capital? This is...the second mid-class spirit? But why is it outside?</em></p>

      <p>Reiss redirected his attention from Rio’s mansion below to the edge of the royal capital. Then, he cast his gaze over to the mountainous region a few kilometers away from the capital, where he saw a huge bird several meters in size flying.</p>

      <p><em>Things involving this boy never go according to plan... I’ll have no choice but to use my trump card. That, and a number of the revenants remaining on the ground...</em></p>

      <p>Reiss returned his gaze to Arein and the others below, ceasing his support fire to hold his hand at the ground instead. But nothing visible happened. After a few seconds of maintaining that pose, Reiss began to fly towards the outskirts of the capital.</p>

      <p>Moments later, the remaining revenants on the ground all started charging for Rio’s mansion at once.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>