<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 19</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“TAKE THAT!” Celia roared.</p>

      <p>“WRAAAAAAAAH!”</p>

      <p>The shield that hadn’t even chipped until now shattered into pieces. In fact, half of the body that had been holding the shield was gone, armor and all.</p>

      <p>The highest grade of attack magic normally focused on expanding the area of its attack range as much as possible, but Celia’s Durandal magic focused on condensing the power into as small of a range as possible. As a result, the iron wall of the Hero Killer, which had withstood numerous attacks from heroes during the Divine War, was blown away.</p>

      <p>“A-Amazing! That’s incredible, Celia!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah!”</p>

      <p>Sara and Orphia cheered in spite of themselves.</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s all...I’ve got...” Celia weakly collapsed against Ariel’s back.</p>

      <p>“As expected of Sir Rio’s teacher. Splendid work, Lady Celia. I doubt there’s even a need for us anymore, but a job is a job.” Kayoko released the water whip from her kodachi.</p>

      <p>“Wait, it’s our turn, Sara!”</p>

      <p>“R-Right!”</p>

      <p>Sara and Orphia created water whips in their hands and used them to grasp the Hero Killer’s body.</p>

      <p>“RAAAAAH!” With half his body gone and the rest of his body restrained, the Hero Killer toppled off balance midair, exactly as they planned.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, well done indeed! You’ve made my job much easier now. However, that would be discourteous to this warrior, no matter how much of a monster he may be. I shall assist in putting him out of his misery with my hidden skill!” Gouki made a huge leap midair, rushing at the Hero Killer once more with his katana held over his head. By imitating Rio’s movement techniques, he accelerated as he approached.</p>

      <p>“Hidden Skill, First Blade, <em>Aura Vulnus</em>!”</p>

      <p>A diagonal slashing attack flew towards the undead knight. In his unbalanced state, the Hero Killer was unable to swing his sword fast enough and took the hit directly to his chestplate.</p>

      <p>“Hidden Skill, Second Blade, <em>Aura Mico</em>!”</p>

      <p>Then, Gouki accelerated even further, swinging his katana to release a diagonal slashing attack in the opposite direction. When the two attacks overlapped with each other, the undead knight’s armor completely shattered, causing him to roar in pain.</p>

      <p>“GRAAAH!”</p>

      <p>But he had still yet to die.</p>

      <p>“Then take this! Hidden Skill, Third Blade, <em>Aura Vacuo</em>!” With his katana swung the whole way through, Gouki made a following horizontal slash, dividing the Hero Killer’s ribcage into two.</p>

      <p>“...” Not even the Hero Killer could survive that. Both his body and the sword in his hand disintegrated into the air.</p>

      <p>“Looks like the Fourth Blade wasn’t needed.” Gouki sheathed his katana cleanly, then returned to Ariel’s back.</p>

      <p>Not long after, cheers shook the Galarc Kingdom’s capital. It was the voices of the citizens who had watched the battle take place in the sky. A hymn of victory.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>