<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 19</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 6: Tachi of Wind</h1>

      <p>Shortly before the Hero Killer appeared in the sky, Arein’s aerial stalling squad had just begun to retreat from the castle at the signal flare.</p>

      <p>“Run for it! No one’s saving you if you get caught!” Arein shouted, hurrying his comrades from the rear of the group.</p>

      <p><em>Shit... We sacrificed so much, and yet...</em></p>

      <p>They were being forced to retreat without capturing any hostages. With no results to show for the price they paid, this was an utter defeat.</p>

      <p>The raid on the Galarc Castle had started with fifty people, but there were less than half of them able to retreat. They had lost over twenty-five of their capable comrades, along with all the fake enchanted swords they had been equipped with. It was a huge loss for the Heavenly Lions. Unable to do anything about it, Arein scowled.</p>

      <p><em>If we could at least retrieve the guys in the mansion...</em></p>

      <p>There was no guarantee they were still alive, but he had witnessed the knights capturing their comrades just before they began their retreat.</p>

      <p>However, there was no doubt retrieval would be difficult. Their initial surprise attack had succeeded thanks to the use of monsters that sent the castle security into disarray. Reiss had also provided assistance from the air for a while. But the more time that passed since the attack began, the more of the Galarc Castle’s army was dispatched for battle. Even if they charged back with their entire group, they’d just be surrounded and beat up one-sidedly.</p>

      <p>In fact, the aerial knights of the Galarc Kingdom were pursuing them right this moment, from a distance of several dozens of meters away.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no choice but to abandon them... </em>Arein repeated to convince himself.</p>

      <p>But just then—</p>

      <p>“WROOOOOOH!”</p>

      <p>The air across the capital trembled.</p>

      <p>“Whoa! Whoa, there!”</p>

      <p>Arein flinched in shock, as did the griffin he was riding. It lost its balance in midair and wavered.</p>

      <p>“Wh...What is that...?”</p>

      <p>At that moment, both the fleeing mercenaries and pursuing aerial knights completely forgot about each other. They were all distracted by the undead knight that appeared above their heads.</p>

      <p>“Is that Reiss’s work as well? He didn’t mention anything about such a huge monster in the strategy meeting before the attack...”</p>

      <p>The undead knight in the sky, the Hero Killer, was an irregular being for Arein and the mercenary squad as well. But they already knew who was controlling the monsters in this attack.</p>

      <p>“I don’t get it, but our pursuers are faltering. This is our chance to get away!” Arein recovered immediately and focused on their escape. Fortunately, the army dispatched by the castle stopped pursuing them there, fearing further damage to the castle.</p>

      <p>Thus, they completed their escape from the capital a few minutes later. They descended at a spring in the forest on the outskirts of the capital—the same place they had agreed on gathering after the operation. The moment they alighted from their griffins, exhaustion swept over them. They sat down in silence and sighed tiredly.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Your numbers have decreased a lot.” Reiss descended beside them, looking around at their numbers and commenting out loud.</p>

      <p>“Mister Reiss...”</p>

      <p>“I am aware you were unable to accomplish the goal.”</p>

      <p>“...” The first thing that came to Arein’s mind was an excuse, which he swallowed with a bitter expression. The others around them had similar faces as they looked on in silence.</p>

      <p>“I have no intention of criticizing you. You, your squad, and the squads in charge of the mansion all worked well. There were a total of fifty mercenaries equipped with enchanted swords. Of this number, twenty-five were sent to the mansion, which is quite a considerable force. Enough to launch an effective surprise attack on the royal castle of a major power. That’s why I thought there was enough power on our side, but my judgment was incorrect. The strength of those at the mansion caught me by surprise. As did the reinforcements.”</p>

      <p>Reiss lifted his palms and shrugged as though to say he was at a loss for what to do.</p>

      <p>“Because of that, I had no choice but to bring that thing out.”</p>

      <p>He looked in the direction of the royal capital. Gouki’s group was fighting the Hero Killer in the sky.</p>

      <p>“So that was your doing as well?”</p>

      <p>“Yes,” Reiss said, nodding.</p>

      <p>“...” He was unable to voice any criticisms, but Arein’s expression was clearly protesting why Reiss didn’t bring out a powerful monster earlier if he had such a strong card up his sleeve from the beginning. Reiss must have read that question from his face, as he began to explain.</p>

      <p>“It wasn’t my intention to let that thing fight here. I have suffered a considerable loss by bringing it out as well.”</p>

      <p>Namely, giving Rio the ability to determine that Reiss was still alive.</p>

      <p>Reiss had already informed Arein and his men that he had faked his death before Rio and Aishia, but he hadn’t explained that it was done by making Aishia think he was the Hero Killer and having her defeat him. That’s why he didn’t specify what it was he had lost in this situation.</p>

      <p>“So why did you...?” Arein asked.</p>

      <p>“The raid this time has taught me something important—that the Black Knight has surrounded himself with capable people. If we cannot secure a hostage, then we should at least remove some of those annoyances. The other reason is because I have a favor to ask of you.”</p>

      <p>“A favor?”</p>

      <p>“The enchanted sword Lucci wielded was an important memento of your commander. I’m sure you would want to retrieve it as well, no? And so, we’re going to retrieve both Lucci and his sword right now.”</p>

      <p>Reiss revealed the details of his favor.</p>

      <p>“N-No way. I mean, I’d love to do so if I could, but going back now is just asking for the people in the castle to snipe us down! Even with that monster in the air, they’re going to be on the watch for a second attack!”</p>

      <p>They would be heading straight for their deaths, Arein argued back.</p>

      <p>“I’m not asking you to charge in headfirst. Take this...” Reiss took out a sparkling gemstone from his breast pocket.</p>

      <p>“This is...”</p>

      <p>“You should be familiar with its use, no? It’s a single-use teleport crystal. It will take you right beside the mansion. And this one is for your escape.”</p>

      <p>“When did you...?”</p>

      <p>“Lucci was being pushed into a rather disadvantageous position, so I snuck through the chaos and set up the teleport coordinates as a backup.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Nothing gets past you,” Arein muttered in awe.</p>

      <p>“I’ve ordered that thing to focus on fighting in the air, so all their main forces will be directed to the sky right now. The mansion should be shorthanded right about now,” Reiss said with a smirk.</p>

      <p>“Can I save the others inside as well...?”</p>

      <p>“As you know, the maximum number of people that can be moved by single-use teleport crystals is six. It will be impossible to retrieve everyone. As long as you keep that in mind, I don’t mind what you do. However, the highest priority is Lucci and Lucius’s sword. If you let your greed get the best of you, this teleport crystal will not only be wasted, it’ll fall into enemy hands and be abused for their benefit. Please understand that.”</p>

      <p>Reiss placed emphasis on his warning, not wanting the plan to fail.</p>

      <p>“I understand... I’ll do it. I have no reason not to. I’ll form an assault squad immediately.”</p>

      <p>Sure enough, Arein accepted the teleport crystal from him.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, in the skies above the capital, Gouki and the others were locked in a cutthroat battle with Draugul. Gouki, Kayoko, and Sara were using the sky as the front line, surrounding the Hero Killer. He specialized in close combat, and his power, speed, and abilities as a swordsman were exceptionally high across the board.</p>

      <p>“He has a high degree of skill as a swordsman. His use of the shield to defend is also top class. Above all, he has a solid build. Breaking through from the front is near impossible. It may be better to focus on merely distracting him,” said Gouki, who was challenging Draugul from the front. The Hero Killer engaged them in large-scale melee combat, making good use of his sword and shield while staying faithful to the basic fighting forms. He didn’t seem to have any means of long-ranged attack, but by simply swinging his shield, he was able to create a violent storm.</p>

      <p>“Raaargh!” His sword swings also disturbed the wind with its aftermath.</p>

      <p>“Hah!” Gouki made several jumps in midair, evading the areas with wild winds. It was at that moment that Sara made a move, having snuck around to the Hero Killer’s side.</p>

      <p>“Haaah!”</p>

      <p>Her dagger was within reach of the Hero Killer’s helmet. The next moment, his head had frozen over, turned into a giant block of ice. However...</p>

      <p>“Rah...!” However, the Hero Killer didn’t falter. He didn’t stop moving. He shot his arm up to swipe Sara away from his face. Sara leaped on the spur of the moment and distanced herself. But the Hero Killer’s frozen head didn’t seem to change his field of view. That was how much precision was packed into the swing that chased her.</p>

      <p>“Ugh... Where are the eyes on that thing? Jeez!” This time, Sara leaped vertically to evade the strike. She rode the wind created by the huge sword passing under her and spun in the air, shouting.</p>

      <p>“Take that!”</p>

      <p>Orphia, who was now flying by herself, successively fired thick arrows of light. Each one had the force of an intermediate-level offensive spell, but they all had a homing effect that focused on the frozen head of Draugul. However, he was an iron wall that didn’t even flinch over a spell of intermediate level. The Hero Killer twisted his huge body and swung his shield, mowing down the light arrows over an extensive range. But the arrows weren’t the main point.</p>

      <p>“<em>Magnus Magicae Displodo!</em>” Riding on Ariel’s back, Celia fired the extra-large magic essence cannon she had prepared at Draugul’s frozen head. It was a simple but powerful advanced-level spell that had the same force as all the arrows Orphia just fired added together.</p>

      <p>However, her opponent was still able to see every attack. He bent his upper body to easily evade the shot.</p>

      <p>“In that case...!” Kayoko used the kodachi she held in both hands to release a water whip, wrapping around the Hero Killer’s neck. She then yanked on them with all her might, pulling him off balance ever so slightly.</p>

      <p>“Gouki!”</p>

      <p>“On it! Hidden Skill, Second Blade, <em>Aura Mico</em>!”</p>

      <p>Gouki had made his way behind the enemy in the blink of an eye, closing the thirty-meter distance to slash at the Hero Killer’s back.</p>

      <p>The cuts of wind his secret art created were packed with power, and the slashes caused the Hero Killer’s body to fall forward. The armor on his back cracked faintly, which didn’t escape Gouki’s notice.</p>

      <p>“I will provide support!”</p>

      <p>The moment where Draugul lost his balance was their biggest chance. Orphia immediately began rapid-firing additional light arrows, this time hitting his head with all of them.</p>

      <p>“Haaaaaah!”</p>

      <p>Sara had also sent magic essence to turn her dagger into a two-meter-long blade of ice, slamming it down on his head from above. The Hero Killer’s head jerked downwards.</p>

      <p>“This time it’ll work! <em>Magnus Magicae Displodo!</em>” Celia had gone around to the front to directly land the second shot of her extra-large essence cannon. Cracks spread across the entire armor as Draugul was knocked back from his forward-bending position.</p>

      <p>“Yay!”</p>

      <p>Everyone cheered, thinking they had landed an effective hit on him.</p>

      <p>“Raaagh!” However, the Hero Killer used the momentum of the knockback to flap his wings and rise.</p>

      <p>“What?!” Gouki shouted, shocked by how vigorously he moved. Everyone was dumbfounded by his impressive show of endurance.</p>

      <p>“But I saw there were cracks in the helmet and armor! If we can hit him one more time with an attack like just now...!” Sara said hopefully.</p>

      <p>“Great idea, but it seems he’s wary of us now!” Gouki warned with a grim look.</p>

      <p>Now that he knew that they had attacks that could break through his defenses, the Hero Killer was flying around at a distance to them. His flying speed was fairly fast—too fast for them to keep up unless they were able to fly freely like Orphia or Ariel.</p>

      <p>“It’s hard to land our attacks when he’s moving that fast. And he’s too dangerous to approach recklessly...”</p>

      <p>Orphia’s arrows of light were being evaded with ease.</p>

      <p>“H-His helmet and armor... It’s repairing itself!” Sara shouted in shock.</p>

      <p>Orphia nodded nervously. “Yeah, you’re right.”</p>

      <p>Like Sara said, the equipment on the Hero Killer was rapidly repairing itself in front of her eyes. It wasn’t instant, but it was happening fast enough for it to be fully repaired in less than a minute.</p>

      <p>They probably had to damage the skeleton body in order to defeat him, but now they had to start from cracking the sturdy armor and helmet all over again. On top of that, he was constantly keeping his distance from them, giving his armor time to repair.</p>

      <p>“Something that big, solid, and fast can regenerate itself? That’s not fair...”</p>

      <p>What could they do about it? Despair and panic filled Celia’s face. It was only natural for her to be at a loss—no one there was aware, but many heroes had fallen to this regenerative iron wall in the Divine War.</p>

      <p>“He’s more troublesome than I imagined...” Kayoko muttered, glaring at the Hero Killer circling in the air with great force.</p>

      <p>“RAAAAAAH!”</p>

      <p>The Hero Killer changed trajectories and charged towards Celia. His helmet and armor had fully repaired itself, and he was armed with his shield that was far sturdier than the armor.</p>

      <p>“Ngh!”</p>

      <p>Gouki, Kayoko, Sara, Orphia, and Ariel, with Celia on its back, all scattered in different directions. The Hero Killer focused on Gouki, chasing after him without a second look at the others.</p>

      <p>There was no human that could survive a tackle by such a large being, physically enhanced body or not.</p>

      <p>“Whoa! This is quite the predicament!” Gouki waited until the last moment before successfully evading the charge. He watched his retreating back with a grim look.</p>

      <p>“Everyone, let’s all group up with Ariel for now! The situation will only get worse like this! Save your essence and stamina!” Orphia shouted at Gouki, Kayoko, and Sara. “Ariel, get everyone!”</p>

      <p>Ariel moved towards Kayoko, Sara, then Gouki, to retrieve them in that order. Finally, Orphia climbed onto its back.</p>

      <p>“The enemy has a huge frame on top of all that speed. It may be difficult to attack him from every direction like before...” Gouki glared at the Hero Killer as it circled.</p>

      <p>“I don’t suppose he’ll just fly away like that, will he...?” Celia murmured with a despaired look.</p>

      <p>“He’s clearly aiming for us, after all. Fortunately, he’s shown no sign of heading for the ground, but there’s no guarantee this will continue forever. We need to defeat him as soon as possible, but he’s quite the formidable enemy. This is bad.”</p>

      <p>In contrast to his words, Gouki had a fierce grin on his face, watching the Hero Killer.</p>

      <p>“You don’t look very troubled...” Sara muttered with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“He’s just a war nut, so don’t worry about him. He’ll come up with a ridiculous plan sooner or later, so give him a minute.”</p>

      <p>Kayoko reassured the others, completely used to his behavior. At the same time, she showed deep trust in the strategies Gouki came up with.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm. His body is covered in sturdy armor, and he constantly has his shield up. In order to defeat him, we have to destroy those and smash his skeleton body, but we haven’t been able to scratch the shield so far. The helmet and armor seem breakable, but they repair over time. Which means we have to deal even more damage than before, outpace the repair speed of the helmet and armor, then break his body... But he flies so fast, it’ll be a real challenge.</em></p>

      <p>In reality, the strategy for defeating the Hero Killer was extremely simple. What Aishia had previously done was close in on the Hero Killer at a faster speed than he could fly around, then use one heavy attack to break everything before it could repair.</p>

      <p>But that simplicity was what was most difficult.</p>

      <p><em>If I use my secret arts in succession, I should be able to do enough damage to break the armor and body. In order to do that, his movements have to be stopped. Hmm...</em></p>

      <p>The problem was how to stop the nimble movements of such a monster so that the secret arts could hit their target. Gouki considered the possibilities.</p>

      <p><em>The best time to attack would be when he attacks us... But he’s especially confident in his use of the shield to defend his front. He’d ignore any superficial attacks to charge straight for us. Wait, no. I see. He charges forward when...</em></p>

      <p>It was at that point that Gouki had a light bulb moment.</p>

      <p>“I have an idea,” he proposed with a grin.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Miharu and the others on the ground watched the fight taking place from in front of the mansion. They were protected by Hel and Ifritah, who had set up a two-layered barrier around them.</p>

      <p>The Hero Killer had shown no sign of wanting to descend to the ground, so the group appeared to be safe within the barrier. The commander of Charlotte’s knights, Louise, looked around at her surroundings and reached the same conclusion.</p>

      <p>“Princess Charlotte, I believe now would be a good time to restrain the mercenaries lying around,” Louise suggested.</p>

      <p>The Hero Killer had appeared shortly after the mercenaries were defeated, so there were still a number of them lying around without any restraints. They hadn’t even finished retrieving the enchanted swords that were in the mercenaries’ possession. While some of the mercenaries had received fatal wounds, there were others who were merely passed out. If they regained consciousness and started attacking again, things could get dicey.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Can you handle that yourself?” But just as Charlotte nodded in agreement, a dozen or so of the castle’s knights approached the mansion.</p>

      <p>“Princess Charlotte!”</p>

      <p>“They’re finally here,” Charlotte muttered weakly, watching the approaching knights.</p>

      <p>“This is...”</p>

      <p>The knights that came running to them took one look around at the surroundings and fell speechless. The aftermath of a fierce battle spread around them—unconscious mercenaries lying on the desolate ground, enchanted gems left behind from the revenants, and a crater caused by Orphia’s attack.</p>

      <p>At the center of the disastrous spectacle was Charlotte’s group, protected by a barrier of light. Two huge beasts in the shape of Hel and Ifritah stood beside them, so it was only natural they’d fall speechless at such a sight.</p>

      <p>“Perfect timing. Cooperate with them. Lady Satsuki and Lady Latifa will protect us, as will these two here.” Charlotte looked up at Hel and Ifritah to confirm that it wouldn’t be a problem, then gave Louise her orders. Louise immediately replied with an affirmative.</p>

      <p>“Hel, Ifritah. Can you make a hole in the barrier for the knights to leave?” Miharu asked the two mid-class spirits.</p>

      <p>“Gruuuh!” Her words seemed to have reached them, as a hole large enough to fit two or three people opened at the front of the barrier.</p>

      <p>“I’ll be going, then...”</p>

      <p>Louise gave Hel and Ifritah a curious glance before heading out of the barrier. She then went around with the knights to restrain the mercenaries and prepare for them to be sent to the castle dungeons. No one noticed the group of people watching them from the shadows nearby.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, in the skies overhead...</p>

      <p>“I have an idea,” Gouki began.</p>

      <p>“Wow, Kayoko was right.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed.”</p>

      <p>Sara and Orphia commented in admiration.</p>

      <p>“So what’s the plan, Gouki?” Celia asked hopefully. She seemed to find Gouki’s unshakable personality very reliable in a situation such as this, as she had the mindset to let out a small giggle.</p>

      <p>“About that. Do you have an attack spell that would be effective against him, Lady Celia?” Gouki asked. “If you have a powerful spell up your sleeve, I’d like you to drive it into him and weaken him...”</p>

      <p>There was one spell that came to Celia’s mind. “I do. It’s stronger than the cannon fire magic I cast earlier, and it’s the strongest spell in my arsenal. But I only have enough essence to cast it once. Whether I can hit him when he moves around like that is...”</p>

      <p>She wasn’t confident.</p>

      <p>“You only need to hit him once. As long as we can make sure that one spell hits, it won’t be a problem.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right. But how can we make sure...?”</p>

      <p>The opponent they were up against was no pushover, but Celia nodded first and waited for the rest of Gouki’s idea.</p>

      <p>“If it’s just for a brief moment, then I have a means of moving fast enough to match his speed. I’ll first aim an attack directly at his front, reducing his speed. That should make it easier to hit him with magic. If you use that chance to hit him, you can buy us some time.”</p>

      <p>“I understand...”</p>

      <p>“Lady Sara, Lady Orphia, and Kayoko’s cooperation will also be essential. Lady Sara and Lady Orphia, are you able to create water whips like Kayoko’s in order to restrain him?”</p>

      <p>“It might be difficult if he’s moving around. I’m not too sure about it. If the three of us release whips at the same time, we might be able to restrain him, but I don’t think it’d take much for him to break free with his strength...”</p>

      <p>Sara and Orphia exchanged expressions of uncertainty.</p>

      <p>“You’ll be restraining him after Lady Celia casts her magic, so his movements should be slowed somewhat. If the three of you could use that opening to restrain him enough to prevent him from flying away, that would be great.”</p>

      <p>“Right, that should be manageable,” Sara said, nodding with more confidence.</p>

      <p>“Then the next step is to pass him and make him face a different direction. Lady Orphia, can you ask Ariel to adjust its flight path?”</p>

      <p>“I can. Ariel,” Orphia called. Ariel began to circle around.</p>

      <p>“Now then, I will be the vanguard, so I’m counting on you all to activate your techniques at the right time.”</p>

      <p>“Roger that!”</p>

      <p>They had no intention of losing. They wouldn’t have come up to the sky in the first place if they had. That’s why the group all nodded firmly at Gouki’s instructions.</p>

      <p>Thus, the five heroes resumed their battle with the Hero Killer.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to prepare the spell. Wait one moment.”</p>

      <p>First, Celia began her preparations to cast the spell for the plan. The Claire family had a secret attack spell that was passed down through the generations. This secret spell was the magic Celia was about to use.</p>

      <p>In terms of modern magic, the spell would be categorized in the highest grade. It was a super spell that could only be cast by those of Claire blood with exceptional magical talent.</p>

      <p>“<em>Aperio: Caelestis Magicus,</em>” Celia murmured, creating a magic circle that wrapped around her. “<em>Verifico: Celia Claire.</em>”</p>

      <p>The magic circle wrapping around her glowed brighter.</p>

      <p>“<em>Salvatio Initium.</em>”</p>

      <p>The magic circle condensed around her right arm.</p>

      <p>“<em>Impetus...</em>”</p>

      <p>She then cast an extra spell to provide the necessary magic essence for activation. In response, all the magic essence within her began to gather in her right arm. Magic essence was normally unable to be seen by anyone who couldn’t cast spirit arts, but the essence had condensed so much, destructive energy was visibly flowing from her arm before being activated.</p>

      <p>Gouki’s eyes widened at the sight of Celia’s right arm. “That looks like quite the tremendous spell you’re preparing,” he commented</p>

      <p>Celia nodded with a strained expression. “I believe I’ll be able to meet your expectations—as long as it hits, that is.”</p>

      <p>“That’s amazing...” Orphia muttered, staring at Celia’s arm.</p>

      <p>“Yes... I wouldn’t want to handle essence this close to exploding. In fact, I can’t,” Sara agreed, forehead breaking into a cold sweat.</p>

      <p>“It’s taking all I have to control the essence. Every other task is entrusted to the spell formula...”</p>

      <p>All Celia was doing right now was controlling the magic essence. The majority of the other tasks required to activate the magic were left to the spell formula so that all her processing ability could focus on essence control. A spirit arts user would have had to perform all those tasks by themselves, so entrusting such things to the spell formula was something that could only be done with magic.</p>

      <p>Thus, after a few long seconds...</p>

      <p>“<em>Mora... </em>I’m done preparing. All that’s left is to chant the spell and the magic will activate. Whenever you’re ready,” Celia said, having finally completed her preparation to activate the magic.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. Seeing your spell has helped me refocus my mind,” Gouki said to Celia, then glanced at Orphia. “Now, if you would do the honors, Lady Orphia.”</p>

      <p>“We just need to charge straight at him, right?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed! Please do!”</p>

      <p>“Got it. Ariel!”</p>

      <p>“Kreeeh!” At Orphia’s signal, Ariel changed direction. Until now, it had been flying in circles around the Hero Killer to maintain a distance, but it now backed away in order to make a direct approach.</p>

      <p>Ten-odd seconds later, Ariel was glaring at the Hero Killer from a distance of a hundred meters.</p>

      <p>“Wruuuh!” The Hero Killer seemed to have sensed Ariel’s incoming charge. With full confidence in his own defenses, he lifted his shield and accelerated towards them as though to accept their challenge. At this point, there were only a few dozen meters left between them.</p>

      <p>“Kreeeh!” Meanwhile, Ariel was normally surrounded by a wind barrier to keep its passengers from feeling any wind resistance during flight. Under such conditions, Gouki was able to stand and draw his katana.</p>

      <p>“Now, here I go!” Gouki said with a light leap. A strong wind blew softly at his back—and the next moment, Gouki was accelerating through the sky, leaving Ariel behind him.</p>

      <p>“So fast!” Sara was shocked.</p>

      <p>“Is that Haruto’s technique for moving at high speeds?” Orphia asked, guessing at the theory behind his high-speed movement with wide eyes. High-speed movement with wind spirit arts was Rio’s specialty.</p>

      <p><em>My acceleration isn’t as skillful as Sir Rio’s, but yes. All I can do is charge forward in a straight line, thanks to Lord Dominic forging Kamaitachi for me!</em></p>

      <p>That’s right—by equipping his beloved blade Kamaitachi, Gouki was able to obtain the technique for accelerating in one go.</p>

      <p>His technique was still rough compared to Rio’s, but he was still able to imitate him. Perhaps it was because he had fallen in love at first sight with the technique after Rio used it against him, and had continuously imagined himself using it ever since. Or perhaps it was the result of all his loyalty towards Rio.</p>

      <p>“Hidden Skill, First Blade, <em>Aura Vulnus</em>!”</p>

      <p>Gouki was already within a dozen meters of the Hero Killer, sending a slashing attack of wind diagonally upwards to the right. His might was far beyond what he had demonstrated to Rio in the Karasuki Kingdom.</p>

      <p>“AAAAARH!”</p>

      <p>The huge frame of the Hero Killer that was protected by his shield decelerated dramatically. It still wasn’t enough to damage him.</p>

      <p>“Hidden Skill, Second Blade, <em>Aura Mico</em>!”</p>

      <p>At that moment, Gouki turned his katana and stepped even closer to the undead knight. He charged into his decelerated opponent and aimed another attack at the shield, this time making direct contact with the surface. The Hero Killer decelerated further.</p>

      <p>“This mass sure is a struggle to overpower! I cannot even crack the shield... But he’s slowed down a good amount. Now, Lady Celia!” Gouki yelled at Celia behind him. Ariel flew forwards, approaching the Hero Killer. As it passed by, Celia swung her right arm with the magic circle around it like a sword.</p>

      <p>“<em>Durandal!</em>”</p>

      <p>This was the secret spell of the Count Claire family. The condensed magic essence was released as pure destructive energy, attempting to mow down the enemy before them.</p>

      <p>“RAAAAAH!” The Hero Killer must have sensed the threat of Celia’s magic, as he desperately tried to brace his shield for the attack.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>