<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 19</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: Ambush</h1>

      <p>A short while before Orphia returned to the spirit folk village, some important guests were visiting Rio’s mansion on the Galarc Castle grounds.</p>

      <p>“It’s been a while, Princess Christina, Princess Flora.”</p>

      <p>They were Beltrum Kingdom’s First and Second Princess and the current Restoration leaders, Christina and Flora.</p>

      <p>“Long time no see, Professor Celia.”</p>

      <p>“It’s so nice to see you again!”</p>

      <p>The two of them greeted Celia happily.</p>

      <p>“You too. I’m so happy seeing you two again. It must have been a tiring trip here.”</p>

      <p>“Not at all. Thank you for agreeing to see us on such short notice,” Christina said with a bow.</p>

      <p>Second Princess Charlotte of the Galarc Kingdom was also there, but in Rio’s absence, Celia’s relationship with Christina and Flora made her best suited as host. Miharu and the other girls didn’t have any experience dealing with the noble class either, so she was the only option other than Charlotte.</p>

      <p>Charlotte’s knight Louise and Christina’s knight Vanessa were waiting with the other guards outside the room.</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, Haruto is absent right now...”</p>

      <p>“I would have liked to express my gratitude to Sir Amakawa, but the main purpose of my visit today concerns you, Professor Celia.”</p>

      <p>Celia looked puzzled. “Me?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I’ve already informed Princess Charlotte—or rather, the Galarc Kingdom is already aware—but a meeting between the Restoration and the main Beltrum Kingdom will be held in the near future,” Christina said with a glance at Charlotte.</p>

      <p>“That’s...”</p>

      <p>“Starting with your wedding ceremony, Duke Arbor has had a string of failures to address. Charles and Alfred were taken prisoner, and I was able to escape and join the Restoration. I’m sure he’s quite panicked about it, as he has approached us for negotiations.”</p>

      <p>“Has the ironclad Arbor family finally started losing its power?”</p>

      <p>“It would appear so.”</p>

      <p>At present, over a thousand of Beltrum Kingdom’s nobles had joined the Restoration, including spouses and children. But that was still a minority compared to the number of nobles the Arbor faction controlled in Beltrum. And in noble society politics, the size of the faction meant everything. That was why Duke Huguenot’s faction was unable to justify themselves and had lost their place in the capital.</p>

      <p>However, power was an uncertain substance in noble society. This was because only a small fraction of the nobles in a faction were invested too deeply to back out—most nobles in the faction were able to switch sides to their convenience as circumstances changed.</p>

      <p>In fact, many of the nobles in Duke Huguenot’s faction had joined Duke Arbor when his territory was lost to the Proxia Empire.</p>

      <p>“We can’t let this opportunity slip through our hands, then.”</p>

      <p>Duke Arbor’s failures could be used to regain those drifting nobles. Their distance from the capital made it difficult to physically contact those nobles, but Duke Arbor’s power was definitely weakening. If he was the one approaching for negotiations, they’d be able to turn things in their favor.</p>

      <p>“We’re still in the midst of discussing our agenda for the negotiations, but they’ve requested the return of Charles and Alfred, as well as Alfred’s enchanted sword.”</p>

      <p>Charles was Duke Arbor’s heir, and Alfred was the strongest knight in the country. The sword he used, the Light Blade of Judgment, was also a national treasure.</p>

      <p>“They’re all powerful cards for negotiation.”</p>

      <p>“Yes. And they were all given to us by Sir Amakawa. I wanted to thank him once again for his assistance, but... It seems like things are rather serious over here. I heard Sir Amakawa headed out to rescue Lady Liselotte.”</p>

      <p>Christina was acquainted with Liselotte herself and sometimes kept in contact with her. Her expression clouded with worry.</p>

      <p>“Sir Haruto will definitely bring Liselotte back to us,” Charlotte stated firmly, her posture upright and confident.</p>

      <p>“Yes,” Celia agreed.</p>

      <p>“That’s true. If it’s Sir Amakawa...” Christina nodded, biting back her words. She had witnessed his talents and strength up close and personal during the battle with Lucius in the Paladia Kingdom, which was why she believed in Rio as well.</p>

      <p>“That’s right! Sir Haruto can definitely do it!” Flora said.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know when he will return, but I will send a message out to you when he does,” Celia said cheerfully to Christina, hoping to wipe the gloomy expression from her face.</p>

      <p>“Perhaps I can visit again when he returns with Lady Liselotte. We plan on staying in the Galarc Castle for a while.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, really?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. The meeting with the Beltrum Kingdom will almost certainly be held at the Galarc Castle, so the plan is to remain here until then.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, we should hold a small party once Sir Haruto returns with Liselotte. I’ll be sure to invite the two of you,” Charlotte suggested after listening to their conversation.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that would be lovely. Please do!” Flora immediately leapt at the chance, but—</p>

      <p>“Flora.” Christina let out an exasperated warning as a reminder to restrain herself in the residence of a foreign noble.</p>

      <p>“Oh, but only if it isn’t a bother to you...” Flora added with a blush, ashamed of her behavior.</p>

      <p>“Neither a sleepover nor a dinner party will be any bother, so please don’t feel reserved,” Celia said with a giggle, looking at her fondly.</p>

      <p>Charlotte agreed with a cheeky but charming grin. “Indeed. I have no right to speak as someone half living in this house out of everyone’s kindness, but please come over.”</p>

      <p>She had succeeded in accompanying Satsuki to Rio’s mansion at every possible occasion until she had practically taken up residence there herself, but she also acted as King Francois’s messenger and the main point of contact for any nobles who wanted to get closer to Rio.</p>

      <p>Whenever something was required, Charlotte would make the necessary arrangements at the speed of light. She did all her work, sometimes in unseen places, and had won over Rio’s trust enough for the residents of the mansion to accept her. There was even a room for her in the mansion.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. Then, if you don’t mind...” Christina bowed, accepting the offer.</p>

      <p>“Then it’s decided. Everyone will be delighted to have you there. They were wondering how the two of you have been doing,” Charlotte said to Christina and Flora.</p>

      <p>“If there’s still time after this, we can invite them all over here,” Celia said.</p>

      <p>Miharu and the others were inside the mansion, but had excused themselves from the meeting when they heard the visit was for official business with Celia. Only Orphia was elsewhere outside, but she would have come right away if invited as well.</p>

      <p>“We wanted to greet everyone as well, so if you’re not too busy... We’re almost done with what we wanted from Professor Celia too.”</p>

      <p>“Is there still something you needed from me?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, as a continuation from earlier. If the circumstances suit you, would you be willing to attend the meeting with the Beltrum Kingdom?”</p>

      <p>“Me...?” Celia blinked.</p>

      <p>“In exchange for returning Charles, I am thinking of demanding several conditions that would benefit Count Claire and the rest of your family.”</p>

      <p>“Could I ask the reason why...?” Celia asked hesitantly, shocked at the sudden proposal.</p>

      <p>“It hasn’t been officially announced to the Beltrum Kingdom, but even they’ve noticed that you joined the Restoration after being abducted from your wedding ceremony. Count Claire was also suspected of having assisted my escape from the capital. As long as we have Charles, they wouldn’t dare to touch Count Claire, but...”</p>

      <p>If the situation changed, the Claire family could be in danger.</p>

      <p>“At any rate, there’s no doubt that the Claire family has taken the brunt of all these events. The upper ranks of the Restoration have agreed that it would be proper to compensate him.”</p>

      <p>That’s why there was nothing to worry about, Christina implied.</p>

      <p>Celia bowed her head in deep sincerity. “Thank you for considering my family.”</p>

      <p>“Not at all,” Christina said, continuing the discussion. “We’re still reviewing what kind of conditions should be requested, but...”</p>

      <p>It was at that moment.</p>

      <p><em>Boom.</em></p>

      <p>An explosion roared, shaking the room.</p>

      <p>“What was that? Some kind of magic training?”</p>

      <p>Celia immediately went to look out the window, followed by the others in the room. The booming sounds continued even as they moved. The source of the sound appeared to be scattered in various directions, some near and some far.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s too loud to be coming from the training grounds of the castle. I believe the sound is either coming from the castle or somewhere nearby,” Charlotte guessed undauntedly, looking out the window.</p>

      <p>After a short time, the sounds stopped.</p>

      <p>“Excuse us for entering.”</p>

      <p>Charlotte’s head guard Louise and the Beltrum sisters’ head guard Vanessa came into the room. They had both been waiting outside the door, so they naturally heard the noises as well. They both wore the same grim expressions.</p>

      <p>“Can you tell what’s going on?” Charlotte asked Louise.</p>

      <p>“No. I haven’t received any notice of an event that would create such noises either. The only option I can think of is magic training, but the sound came from too close by for that. I also saw something black fall from the sky through the window. I’ve sent my subordinates to check on the situation, and they’ll be back as soon as they know.”</p>

      <p>“I see. In that case, shall we remain waiting in this mansion?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I’ve asked the guards who accompanied us to the mansion to station themselves outside. But please relocate to the safe room just in case.”</p>

      <p>The safe room was a place for important figures to evacuate to in times of emergency. The level of refuge varied depending on the type of emergency likely to occur, but they were all made to be secure from outside attack.</p>

      <p>This mansion was located on castle grounds, so the castle served as the evacuation point in true times of emergency. Thus, the safe room here was only a simple one.</p>

      <p>“All right. Let’s group up with Lady Satsuki and the others first,” Charlotte immediately decided.</p>

      <p>“We’re coming in, Char.”</p>

      <p>Just then, with Satsuki in the lead, she, Miharu, Latifa, Sara, and Alma entered the room where they were holding their meeting. They must have heard the unnatural explosions and felt the abnormal air, as they all had worried looks on their faces. Sara and Alma even held their weapons just in case.</p>

      <p>“You heard that loud noise earlier?” Satsuki asked.</p>

      <p>“Yup. We don’t normally hear something like that around here, so we were shocked...” Miharu replied.</p>

      <p>“We’re not sure of the situation either, but we were going to go to the safe room just in case. The knights have gone to check things out. Will you come with us?”</p>

      <p>“I see... And yes, please.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki exchanged a look with Miharu and nodded. At this point, there was still no clear danger, so there was no real sense of urgency yet, but...</p>

      <p>“R-Reporting! A group of monsterlike creatures has descended upon the castle!”</p>

      <p>“Wha...”</p>

      <p>One of Charlotte’s knights came running in a panic, heightening the tension.</p>

      <p>“Calm down. What do you mean by monsterlike creatures? Are they not goblins or orcs?” Louise asked her subordinate calmly. Powerful monsters like minotaurs had been commonplace in the Divine War that took place a thousand years ago, but goblins and orcs were the only monsters left in the modern era. There were some exceptions to that rule, but not even adventurers that worked in monster subjugation encountered them very often. Most of them reached retirement without ever seeing a different kind of monster.</p>

      <p>“I only saw the knights fighting from afar, but their movements were much faster than those of a goblin or orc. I’ve never seen such a monster before. Their shapes were rather humanoid, but the ferocious expressions on their faces were monstrous. Some had gray skin while others had black skin,” the knight reported.</p>

      <p>“Huh...?” Miharu looked shocked, and Satsuki noticed.</p>

      <p>“I see. Any information about their numbers and locations?”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, I prioritized my return to the mansion... However, they appear to have fallen across the grounds. There are battles taking place everywhere.”</p>

      <p>Louise didn’t seem to have noticed the change in Miharu, so Satsuki waited for the subordinate to finish speaking. “What’s wrong, Miharu?” she asked, bringing everyone’s attention to her.</p>

      <p>“Oh, umm. When I first came to this world, some strange monsters appeared on the outskirts of Amande. Haruto and Ai-chan exterminated them, but they weren’t goblins or orcs. Maybe they’re the same monsters that appeared here?”</p>

      <p>“I remember seeing the same monsters during the attack on Amande. They weren’t as strong as minotaurs, but they were fast and powerful,” Celia recalled with a frown. “It would take at least a knight with enhanced physical abilities to take them on...”</p>

      <p>“I was there too.” Flora proceeded to give her account of what she had witnessed when she was kidnapped by Lucius in Amande.</p>

      <p>“I see... We can’t say for sure, but it’s very likely that they’re the same monsters. The knights have thankfully intercepted them, but any monsters they miss could slip through to this mansion. We will secure the surroundings, so please head to the safe room immediately, Your Highness,” Louise urged.</p>

      <p>“I understand,” Charlotte said. She then turned to the group. “Princess Christina, Princess Flora, please come with me. Lady Satsuki and everyone else too.”</p>

      <p>“We will assist the guards outside,” Sara offered. At present, she and Alma were the strongest in the mansion, but...</p>

      <p>“Oh... That’s...” Louise hesitated. She sparred with Sara and Alma on a daily basis so she knew their strength firsthand, but the two of them were still subjects of her guard.</p>

      <p>“Alma and I have the role of protecting Miharu and the others in Haruto’s absence. There is no need to include us as subjects of protection. It’d be easier for us to move around outside than to have no information locked inside.”</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s how it is. You don’t need to worry about Sara and me.”</p>

      <p>Sara and Alma were both calm, as though they were familiar with such situations.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Satsuki looked like she was about to say something, but swallowed her words. <em>I will protect this mansion as well</em>—those were the words on the tip of her tongue, but she became uneasy. She understood her position as hero and feared her lack of combat experience would make her a hindrance.</p>

      <p>Charlotte noticed Satsuki moving her mouth and purposefully gave Louise a push without looking at Satsuki. “Then we shall rely on you. There aren’t enough people in this mansion right now, and you two are probably the strongest with your enchanted swords.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. We shall rely on you.” Louise bowed her head at Sara and Alma.</p>

      <p>Sara turned around. “Latifa, you stay with Satsuki and Miharu. We’re counting on you to protect them if the need arises.”</p>

      <p>“Okay! Leave it to me!” Latifa nodded firmly in agreement.</p>

      <p>“Umm, I’m going to go with the two of them,” Celia stated.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>Everyone looked at her in surprise.</p>

      <p>“Monsters drop enchanted gems and disappear when defeated, and you need someone on that side to confirm they’re the same monsters that appeared in Amande last time. I can cast healing magic if needed, and it would be useful to have a sorcerer in the back line. I’ve also trained with Sara and Alma in team fighting before,” Celia said, explaining herself to convince Christina and Charlotte more than Sara and Alma.</p>

      <p>“While we would be most grateful to have a sorcerer of your caliber on the back line... There’s no need to expose yourself to danger like that.” Charlotte gave Celia a searching look as though to confirm the truth of her thoughts. Nobles who didn’t pursue military careers still went through some form of combat training, so she knew that Celia had basic fighting skills.</p>

      <p>Because of that, it wasn’t unusual for them to join the battlefield when needed—in fact, it was seen as one of the duties of the noble class. However, it depended on the time and place. In the current situation, there was only a slight chance of a monster being missed by the knights. It’d be preferable to keep a count’s daughter protected rather than to have her fight.</p>

      <p>“I’d like to do what I can in Haruto’s absence,” Celia replied calmly and clearly. Her intentions were evident on her face—that she wanted to fight, that she didn’t always have to be protected, that Haruto could rely on her if he needed to.</p>

      <p>“We’re familiar with Celia’s magic skills, and it would be most reassuring to have her support,” Sara added in approval.</p>

      <p>“I see... In that case, it would be insensitive of me to stop you,” Charlotte accepted in a slightly envious tone, glancing at Christina. Although Celia was currently Rio’s assistant, she was still a noble of the Restoration. Christina’s opinion also mattered.</p>

      <p>“I will leave it to your discretion, Professor,” Christina said, nodding.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. Let’s do this, Sara, Alma.”</p>

      <p>“Right.”</p>

      <p>Sara and Alma were both warriors. Since they’d started living with Celia, they understood her intentions well—and so they nodded firmly.</p>

      <p>Beside them, Louise was discussing how to proceed with Vanessa.</p>

      <p>“Please go with the princesses and guard the safe room.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, everyone should head through this door that’s connected to the safe room. I will station several knights in this drawing room just in case.”</p>

      <p>With the necessary arrangements done, Louise pointed to a different door from the exit. There were three safe rooms in the mansion, and one of them was located in the drawing room for the sake of important guests.</p>

      <p>Thus, the residents of the mansion split into those taking refuge in the safe room and those going outside to stand guard.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Around the same time, a man floated in the skies above the capital, looking down at the castle grounds below him. It was the perpetrator behind the release of monsters across the grounds—Reiss himself. Less than an hour ago, he had been observing the fierce battle between Rio and Saint Erica from afar, but he had used a disposable teleport crystal to move to the Galarc Castle in an instant.</p>

      <p>At present, the noncombatants of the castle were panicking while the knights fought the revenants throughout the castle grounds.</p>

      <p><em>The first movement after sending out my precious magic-sealing orbs and revenants. Hopefully it’ll be enough to smoke someone out... Oh?</em></p>

      <p>Reiss narrowed his eyes. His gaze fixed onto a single point from far above. It was the mansion Rio was gifted by Francois, and Celia, Sara, and Alma had just left through the front door.</p>

      <p><em>It would’ve been problematic if they had shut themselves away inside the castle, so this is perfect. But it’s best not to underestimate those girls when they’re outside. I’ll hold nothing back.</em></p>

      <p>A jet-black shadow sprung from Reiss’s feet, spreading across the blue sky. Five black orbs several meters in diameter appeared.</p>

      <p>All five orbs rained down on Rio’s mansion like meteorites. Each descent was accompanied by a booming roar, shaking the building.</p>

      <p><em>That’s all the revenants I have on hand. But I fear they won’t last long against those girls—better call those guys over as quickly as possible.</em></p>

      <p>Once he had watched the orbs land, Reiss took out a new teleport crystal and smirked, rising even higher into the sky.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>After exiting the mansion, Sara walked along the outer wall of the building and moved on top of the roof for a better view. She strained her eyes to look over the area, checking that there were no monsters near the mansion.</p>

      <p>“There are no monsters approaching the mansion as of yet. Though there are some people fighting here and there...”</p>

      <p>She descended to the ground and reported what she saw to Louise and her knights, Celia, and Alma.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. Though I would like to send assistance to our allies, we cannot leave our stations. Let us prioritize the protection of this mansion.”</p>

      <p>As long as there was a chance of monsters reaching the mansion, they couldn’t afford to leave the mansion guards shorthanded. It was a shame they could only watch their allies fight from afar, but it was the right tactical decision to make. They considered the option of bringing Miharu and the others to the castle, but it wouldn’t be wise to risk the safety of so many noncombatants while on the move.</p>

      <p>“I will continue keeping watch from the roof.”</p>

      <p>“I will assist.”</p>

      <p>With that, Sara and Alma left to climb the roof. It was at that moment that the black orbs Reiss had released fell down nearby. Thundering shock waves surged upon them, blowing up a cloud of dirt.</p>

      <p>“Wha...?!”</p>

      <p>Their vision was suddenly stolen, leaving them speechless. Meanwhile, the dark surfaces of the orbs that had fallen started melting away. There were a total of five orbs, and they were less than a hundred meters away from the mansion. Twelve revenants leaped out of each orb.</p>

      <p>“Kshaaah!”</p>

      <p>Sixty revenants started running at Sara and the others before the mansion. There were only a few that could defend against such a surprise attack.</p>

      <p>“A-Alma and I will stand at the front!”</p>

      <p>“Everyone else, focus on protecting Celia and preventing any strays from getting into the mansion!”</p>

      <p>The first to respond were Sara and Alma.</p>

      <p>“<em>Duo Magi: Maius Terra Murum!!!</em>” Meanwhile, Celia cast a spell while touching the ground with both hands. Less than two seconds later, two walls of earth appeared between them and the revenants. The walls were each one meter thick, five meters wide, and ten meters tall. The purpose of setting up the obstacles wasn’t to stop the revenants’ approach, but to avoid a situation where they were overwhelmed by the enemy’s advantage in numbers. The walls Celia created had a one-meter gap in between. This reduced the revenants’ options to passing through the gap, going the long way around, or climbing over the tops of the walls.</p>

      <p>Restricting the enemy’s invasion route meant they could focus their firepower to where it was needed most. Being able to reduce the number of enemies to face at once was a huge benefit as well.</p>

      <p>“Sara, Alma!” Celia yelled. “Please assume a formation surrounding me! Alma, you take the right side!”</p>

      <p>“Got it!”</p>

      <p>Sara and Alma understood Celia’s intentions instantly and split up to the left and right. The revenants had chosen not to climb the walls, but to advance through the middle and around the sides. As a result...</p>

      <p>“<em>Tres Magi: Ignis Iecit!</em>”</p>

      <p>“Haaah!”</p>

      <p>“Hmph!”</p>

      <p>The revenants coming from the middle, left, and right were met with powerful attacks from Celia, Sara, and Alma respectively.</p>

      <p>“Grah!”</p>

      <p>Three magic circles for sorcery spells appeared before Celia. One of them released a one-meter-wide fireball that blew back several of the revenants coming from the middle. The other two magic circles remained on standby beside her.</p>

      <p>A lance of ice shot out of Sara’s dagger and pierced through several bodies at once, while Alma’s mace mowed down multiple enemies with a swing.</p>

      <p>“They’re the same monsters I saw in Amande! Their skin is hard and they’re very tenacious, so be careful! The black ones move faster than the gray ones!” Celia shouted, warning Sara and the others about their characteristics. As though to prove her words, the enemies at the front staggered back to their feet even though their skin was now half-melted.</p>

      <p>Out of the enemies Alma attacked, only the one at the very front died; the others behind it were already getting back up on their feet. The revenants pierced through the abdomen by Sara’s ice lance weren’t killed by just that attack either, and were squirming to pull the lance out.</p>

      <p>“So it seems...!”</p>

      <p>Sara summoned a long blade of ice to enshroud her dagger, beheading the revenants that were impaled on the ice lance. They finally died after that, the bodies vanishing and leaving behind enchanted gems.</p>

      <p>“How troublesome!” Alma brushed aside an enemy that threw itself at her and swung her mace at the new revenants charging. It seemed that a clear hit from her mace was enough to kill them, as the one sent flying soon vanished.</p>

      <p>Celia also fired the second and third fireball shots she had on standby from her multicasting, finishing off the revenants she missed the first time.</p>

      <p>“...” Louise and the other knights were speechless at how unfazed Celia and the others were at the sudden ambush. They understood one another’s fighting styles and trained with each other every day, so there was nothing more reassuring. It was truly splendid.</p>

      <p>In particular, Celia’s first move with the earth wall was a fine tactic against the revenants. Her ability to cast multiple intermediate spells at a rapid speed and calmly observe the enemy’s movements at the spur of the moment was incredibly impressive.</p>

      <p>Louise looked at Celia in awe. “Defend Lady Celia so that her magic isn’t obstructed! Don’t overlook any monsters that run for the mansion!”</p>

      <p>She pulled herself together and gave her subordinates orders. Only six or seven enemies had been defeated so far—the revenants were still advancing upon them.</p>

      <p>“<em>Sextus Magi: Ictus Lancea!</em>” Celia seemed to get an idea from watching Sara’s ice lances and used her magic to create thirty-six spears of ice at once. She saw how piercing once wasn’t enough to kill and prepared multiple to make up for it.</p>

      <p>The role of a sorcerer during group battles was to focus their firepower on the approaching enemies and reduce their numbers. Celia was trying to fulfill that role, but casting thirty-six spells simultaneously was a challenge even for a royal sorcerer. Although it was basic magic, the fact Celia had accomplished such a feat in the midst of battle left the knights around her shocked.</p>

      <p>Ignoring the knights’ reaction, Celia continuously fired ice spears from the magic circle above her head. She stopped the revenants from approaching through the gap between the walls one after another.</p>

      <p><em>Calm down and observe carefully... A sorcerer on the back line needs to have a broad view of the enemy’s movements and the ability to make preemptive moves.</em></p>

      <p>Celia took a deep breath and focused on staying calm. Of course, she was nervous about fighting for real—in fact, she was terrified.</p>

      <p>However, Celia knew firsthand what it was like to be a burden on the battlefield. The frustration of being immobilized by fear. She recalled the events leading up to her arrival at the Restoration.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>