<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Hero Laughs While Walking the Path of Vengeance a Second Time</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter036">
<p>However, that would all go to waste if she took the necklace off, so I removed the third effect, Recovery Boost, and replaced it with “Prevent Removal.” Then I disguised the changes so that only a well-trained professional with an astute eye would notice the difference.</p>
<p>It was the Tailor’s Hook of Mending that allowed me to rewrite the effects of magic items. However, it was not omnipotent and required an enormous amount of MP. Just altering effects into similar ones was bad enough, but completely deleting them and replacing them with different ones was effectively impossible without some way of restoring your MP. It worked off a percentage of your max MP, so I could at least accomplish this despite my low level, but that also meant that I couldn’t avoid experiencing mana withdrawal, even at higher levels.</p>
<p>The process itself was very difficult and required the full extent of my Finesse and Reaction Time stats. It was also impossible to decrease the time it took to complete. In addition, you couldn’t make a magic item more powerful by modifying its effects. The overall power level of the artifact had to be lower than what it was before. That meant I couldn’t keep adding more and more harmful effects to the necklace.</p>
<p>“<em>Pfft!</em> Look at her face! And she thought she was so cool just a moment ago! Aw, man, definitely worth sixty gold for sure!”</p>
<p>“I didn’t think simply watching her reaction would be so enjoyable… Oh, can we change the angle? That pillar is getting in the way.”</p>
<p>We spent some time just watching the screen and laughing at the hardship that had befallen everyone in the palace.</p>
<p>“Oh, I think the Guardian’s dead,” observed Minnalis soon after the video ended.</p>
<p>She cleared her poison out of the room, and we went inside to find the Goblin King’s corroded body along with all his equipment.</p>
<p>“Let’s grab the Core and get out of here,” I said. “The monsters in the forest outside will respawn soon, and the Poison Garm will recruit them into its herd. If we go back now, we might get to see some of the townsfolk or the soldiers getting captured by monsters and taken into the forest. Wouldn’t want to miss that!”</p>
<p>“Quite right, Master. We can collect ingredients for tea while listening to the beautiful screams of the worms who betrayed you!”</p>
<p>The garm packs could not stray far from the depths of the forest, so chances were that even if they got into the capital, they would take their prey back to the forest to eat it. Of course, a soldier could easily deal with a single garm, but the pack that would attack the capital would be led by a variant Poison Garm. Last time, there were about forty-four monsters in all.</p>
<p>But the Poison Garm was smart. It had been watching me ever since I entered the forest, and it had seen that I could fight monsters effectively. This time, it would come prepared with a much larger pack, and perhaps there would even be multiple Poison Garm, too.</p>
<p>I couldn’t wait to see those worms become wolf food. It had been fun to watch the princess, but I hadn’t gotten to see too much pain out of her, so I was looking forward to this. I was brimming anew with resentment after that dream reminded me of how they sold me out.</p>
<p>And so in a giddy mood, I cut the Dungeon Core to pieces.</p>
<div class="ecom_a">
<p class="blockquote-firstpara1">System message: Title acquired: “Dungeon Master.”</p>
</div>
<div class="ecom_a">
<p class="blockquote-firstpara1">System message: “Monster’s Blade of Hatching” unlocked.</p>
</div>
<p>“Oh? What’s this? I think I unlocked a new soul blade. Let’s see… Hmm… Oh, right, this is the first time I destroyed a Dungeon Core personally, I guess.”</p>
<p>“Is that right, Master? Congratulations!”</p>
<p>“And to think I’d cleared out all those dungeons in the past. I can’t believe I’m only getting this now.”</p>
<p>The first time, I had been a bit of a goody two-shoes. In those days, if I came across a dungeon while out and about and defeated its boss, I would leave the Dungeon Core for the local lord or else report it to the Adventurers Guild. So this was my first time destroying a Dungeon Core myself, and immediately, I could tell that I’d gotten a lot of experience from it. I decided to leave my new title and soul blade for later and checked my experience while picking up the fragments of the core.</p>
<p>“Whoa… Twenty-five thousand experience—is this for real?”</p>
<p>What a steal. The Dungeon Core couldn’t even move or fight back, and the experience I got from it was enough to pay off my debt and allow me to level up again. I considered this as I grabbed everything I needed off the dungeon floor and headed back outside, with Minnalis at my side.</p>
<p class="space-break2">“Mmm! It feels so good to be back in the sunlight again, Master!”</p>
<p class="space-break1">It took us five days to return to the surface from the Guardian Room. The destruction of the Core didn’t mean that all the monsters had suddenly disappeared, so we had to deal with them on the way out, and it had taken longer than I expected.</p>
<p>“Too true. Humans have got to be out in the sun. It’s not good for us to stay cooped up underground for weeks at a time.”</p>
<p>“They say that long ago, the Spirits infused the sun’s rays with the power of life. And it does seem that places that get more sunlight have better crops.”</p>
<p>“That’s probably because of photosynthesis… Wait, are there really places where the land is blessed by the Spirits? This is a fantasy world, I suppose…”</p>
<p>I’d really stretched myself thin the first time in order to get back to my world as quickly as possible. I’d never really stopped to think about how this world worked. Perhaps once my revenge was over, it would be nice to get into agriculture, start a little farm… It was difficult to think that far ahead, and I couldn’t quite imagine myself in that position. I once had such clear dreams for the future back in school, before I came here. Now anything after the successful completion of my revenge was like a distant blur.</p>
<p>So yes. I suppose I was only going to live happily ever after once I took from my targets everything they had.</p>
<p>As I thought of the future and chatted with Minnalis, we ended up before the city walls. Sure enough, there were more monsters the closer we got to the city, and we could hear the howls of the garm and the strange cackling laughter of the goblins.</p>
<p>“Oh, whoopsie. Looks like we’re a little late.”</p>
<p>“Let us hurry, Master. We might be missing the best part!”</p>
<p>“You’re right. Let’s hustle.”</p>
<p>I activated my Stealth skill so the monsters would ignore us and went to a vantage point with a clear view of the hole in the wall. We got as close as we could without being seen by the townspeople and perched ourselves on a big thick branch to gaze at the carnage below.</p>
<p>“Ooh, it’s still going! Look at that! Wow, isn’t this such a great spot?”</p>
<p>“It appears things have just started,” noted Minnalis. “From what I can see, they’ve only captured a couple of people so far.”</p>
<p>The hole, initially sized for just the two of us, was now large enough to have three carts side by side. I thought back to the last time, where it had been about the size of one cart, and chuckled to myself at how stupid the people living around there had been. Their idiocy had far exceeded my expectations.</p>
<p>By my reckoning, the herd of monsters attacking the city was about twice as large this time. Just as before, the Poison Garm had entered and was spreading its paralyzing poison before hunting the immobile townsfolk.</p>
<p>Now, some soldiers had heard the commotion and come over to fight it. The garm could only use its poison every once in a while, so for now, the two sides fought evenly. However, the monsters had their numbers and pressed the assault. One by one, the townspeople fell to the wolves’ teeth and claws, or the goblins’ wooden clubs, and were dragged away into the forest.</p>
<p>Once a solid group of adventurers were to turn up, they would drive the monsters away surely, but in the meantime, I wanted to see how things developed.</p>
<p>“Ha-ha, that Poison Garm isn’t a bad leader. I wonder how many people they’ll get before the adventurers show up. Want to make a bet?”</p>
<p>“You mustn’t, Master. Alcohol, women, and gambling are the ruin of man. Let’s just enjoy the view and have something to eat. Here you are.”</p>
<p>“Ah, gracias.”</p>
<p>Minnalis passed me some Ricoco berries that grew wild in the forests around here. They were a mysterious fruit that looked like blue apples but tasted like strawberries.</p>
<p>“Grassy…what?” Minnalis blushed.</p>
<p>“It means <em>thank you</em>. Oh, look, they got another one.”</p>
<p>I bit into the sweet fruit as I watched the battle unfold. The soldiers weren’t necessarily incompetent, but the hole had let so many monsters through that the town was being overrun.</p>
<p>“Gaaaargh! Nooo! Somebody! Gaaagh!”</p>
<p>It was hard to tell from a distance, but I recognized him as someone who sold me out to the princess last time.</p>
<p>“Help! Nooo! Somebody, help me! Help meeee!”</p>
<p>“Ha-ha-ha. I’m not falling for that one again. This time, I’m just gonna let the monsters eat you.”</p>
<p>I watched as the man’s feet were mauled by garm and his arms broken by goblin clubs. His screams were like music to my ears.</p>
<p>“Oh, Master. Isn’t that woman one of them, too? I remember her from your vision.”</p>
<p>“Hmm? Ahhh, that’s his wife. Oh dear. Looks like she’s surrounded by goblins. I believe we’re about to see the goblins planting their seed. Poor thing.”</p>
<p>“You’re a terrible liar, Master. You always smile when you lie.”</p>
<p>“Ah. Busted.”</p>
<p>We cracked jokes as we watched the townsfolk suffering below. They weren’t enough to earn my full attention, so it was fun to watch them being murdered for me.</p>
<p>“Hmm? Wait… Oh man, what are you doing?”</p>
<p>Suddenly, a man appeared on the scene. It was the weapon-shop owner I had met previously. His shop wasn’t so close to the hole that it would be in danger. Why was he here?</p>
<p>“Hold on… No, get out of there, you idiot!”</p>
<p>He started swinging his sword pathetically at the monsters. It was hard to tell whether he was trying to save anyone or just messing around. When he got to one of the townspeople lying paralyzed on the ground, he gave them a small bottle. When they drank it, they got up to their feet and were able to run away. It must have been an anti-paralysis potion.</p>
<p>“What are you saving those scum for?! They’re not worth it! You’ve got your shop to look after…!”</p>
<p>“Master, please stop. They’ll see us!”</p>
<p>“Ugh…sorry.”</p>
<p>At Minnalis’s admonishment, I reined in my emotions and suppressed our presence once more. The weapon-shop owner continued to hand out potions and help the townspeople to safety.</p>
<p>Anti-paralysis potions were rather expensive. I had told him to stock up on them so he could be making a killing right now. He wasn’t supposed to be handing them out for free.</p>
<p>“…Why can’t you see? Those people aren’t worth saving.”</p>
<p>He’d given out over ten potions already. Even if the soldiers would reimburse him later, there’s no way the townspeople were going to do the same. They were the type of people to say, <em>I didn’t ask for your help</em>.</p>
<p>I knew the weapon-shop owner was in dire straits financially. This could cost him his store. But more than that, he was putting himself in danger. The only reason he could fight the monsters at all was because his dwarf blood gave him an edge stat-wise. The soldiers at least had training, but they were no adventurers, either.</p>
<p>So it was no surprise that just as he stopped to help a fallen girl, a goblin soldier snuck up behind him and was about to get the drop on him.</p>
<p>“Grrr, dammit!”</p>
<p>“Master!”</p>
<p>I jumped into action almost reflexively. Channeling mana into my legs, I used my newly upgraded Fleet-Foot and Air Step skills to dash directly toward them.</p>
<p>“Graaagh!”</p>
<p>“Wha—?”</p>
<p>I launched a full-speed kick at the goblin, not even a proper move, and blasted his head clean off, kicking up a cloud of dust as I landed.</p>
<p>“L-laddie! It’s you!”</p>
<p>“Why are <em>you</em> here?” I spat at the befuddled weapon-shop owner. “There’s no value in saving these spineless vermin. I know those potions aren’t cheap—why are you throwing them away?”</p>
<p>He wasn’t an idiot, and he knew what the people around here were like. He knew that using his potions on them meant giving them away for free.</p>
<p>“…Listen, bozo. I’m grateful an’ all fer yer helpin’ me an’ that. But to say there’s no value in savin’ people is a step too far!”</p>
<p>“But look, they don’t even thank you, and they run off without helping anyone else!”</p>
<p>“They’re not all like that! An’ I don’t know what they’re like till I save ’em, ain’t it?”</p>
<p>“I know that! But they—”</p>
<p>Before I could say <em>betrayed me</em>, the weapon shop owner cut me off.</p>
<p>“Or are you sayin’ it’s fine if this lass gets eaten, is that it? You wanna see a little girl get killed?!”</p>
<p>Then for the first time, I looked down at the little girl who was trembling at my feet.</p>
<p>…So what if she got killed? These people betrayed me. They told me they were grateful to me, then turned right around and sold me out.</p>
<p>That’s right, she betrayed me.</p>
<p>…She betrayed me? Did she really?</p>
<p>This little girl, quivering with fear on the ground… Did she really betray me?</p>
<p>“No…it’s not her I care about…”</p>
<p>As I muttered my true feelings, there was a loud eruption of shouts that drowned out my words.</p>
<p>“<em>Tsk…</em> Looks like the cavalry’s here.”</p>
<p>Finally, a group of adventurers showed up. They were wearing mismatched armor that distinguished them from the uniformed soldiers.</p>
<p>“…Here, take this with my apologies and thanks. It should be more than enough to make up for all those potions you used,” I said, tossing a single gold piece toward the weapon-shop owner. “But this is the last time I help you, understand? I’ve paid you back for everything you’ve done. Next time, you’re on your own.”</p>
<p>“Huh? Hey, lad!”</p>
<p>I didn’t look back at the old man. I returned to Minnalis before anyone else showed up.</p>
<p>“Why did you go out there, Master?”</p>
<p>“It was that old man. He wasn’t one of my enemies. I didn’t want him to die here. That, and maybe I felt a little indebted to him from what happened the first time around.”</p>
<p>“It’s dangerous, Master. I know you’re not a killer, but things are only going to get tougher from here on out. You can’t let your emotions get the better of you.”</p>
<p>Minnalis looked at me with cold eyes. It was clear she was prepared for the road to come.</p>
<p>“We’re partners in crime, Master. I can’t do it without you. Please promise me you won’t put yourself in danger like that ever again.”</p>
<p>“…I’m sorry, but I realized something. This…this isn’t going to work.”</p>
<p>Not everyone in this city had betrayed me. When the princess’s men came knocking, asking for information on me, some feigned innocence and turned them away. A little girl shared her candy, even though she knew nothing about me. There were decent people in this land.</p>
<p>So this plan wouldn’t work. I hadn’t counted on getting those people involved.</p>
<p>“I can’t let other people get caught in the cross fire of my revenge. This…this isn’t right. There are too many innocent bystanders. They didn’t do anything to deserve this. Why didn’t I realize it sooner?”</p>
<p>I had crossed the line, and I was straying into madness. I had no qualms killing anyone if it was absolutely necessary to exact my revenge, but if I just started murdering civilians because it was easier, I was in real danger of losing the last sliver of my humanity. The last piece of myself that Leticia had given me. Without it, I was nothing more than a monster.</p>
<p>Revenge is an emotion, not an instinct. It’s a part of our soul. Something a mindless beast could never understand.</p>
<p>I was going to kill the princess. Kill the king, the queen, the prime minister, the knight commander. I would show them no mercy. I was going to make them regret what they did and then keep going—show them just how cruel life could be before I snuffed them out entirely. There was no room for anything more. My revenge was to be flawless, immaculate, pristine.</p>
<p>So I had to be selective. I needed to choose who <em>really</em> needed to die, and I needed to think of a way to remove the chaff. No impurities. It had to be <em>refined</em>.</p>
<p>The weapon-shop owner. The little girl. They weren’t my enemies, nor would killing them make my enemies suffer. They were impurities who had nothing to do with my revenge. But they didn’t have to be collateral damage. This was an imperfect method. My focus had slipped.</p>
<p>I hadn’t considered the costs and whether I was willing to accept them. I had simply acted on emotion and sown chaos.</p>
<p>Today’s plan had been an absolute failure.</p>
<p>If I continued with the line drawn in the wrong place, I would never live to see my revenge completed.</p>
<p>“Let’s go, Minnalis. We have a lot to think about if we want to come up with the perfect revenge. We’re not murderers. We’re not doing this for fun. We can’t keep killing people if it doesn’t advance our goals. Our revenge isn’t some short-term plan; it’s going to be a thing of beauty. There’s so many other people who are more deserving of it.”</p>
<p>With that, I turned my back on the city walls and began to walk away.</p>
<p>“You’re off in your own little world, Master. I haven’t finished talking yet.”</p>
<p>“Aaau! Dat hurth, Linnaliff!”</p>
<p>Minnalis pinched my cheek as I tried to leave, shattering the cool end scene I was going for.</p>
<p>“I don’t object to you rescuing the weapon-shop owner. I’m angry that you put yourself in danger to do it. Do you understand what I’m saying? You’re still weak, Master. It was you who said we had to be discreet in the first place, remember?”</p>
<p>“I-I’m sowwy. Au’ll be careful next time, I fwear…”</p>
<p>“…I really do care about you, Master. You know that, right? I can’t bear this vengeance alone. You want to make our plan perfect? Then come up with an idea that doesn’t require putting yourself in danger.”</p>
<p>Minnalis sighed and released my cheek… I thought it was going to come off. I’m not kidding.</p>
<p>“So are we going to proceed as planned?” she asked.</p>
<p>“Yeah, we’ll head north. We’re going to Elmia, the academy town.”</p>
<p>I looked back toward the city one last time. We would likely not be returning for a while.</p>
<p>The monsters that had not already fallen to the adventurers’ blades were retreating into the forest. Once they no longer had the numbers, they didn’t stand a chance. Soon enough, peace would return to the city.</p>
<p>“Just you wait. King, Queen, Princess, knights, and the rest of you scum. I’m gonna drag you all down to the depths of hell.”</p>
<p>For whatever reason, I was given a second lease on life.</p>
<p>Last time, everyone walked all over me. Now it was my turn.</p>
<p class="space-break1">It was time to hit the road.</p>
<p class="space-break1">A road of revenge, with no destination—laughing at the mistakes I made before.</p>
<p>Even if only I knew this journey.</p>
<p>Even if I could never be proud of my new life.</p>
<p>At least I wouldn’t be left to rot by the roadside like last time.</p>
<p>…I would laugh while walking the path of vengeance.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>