<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Hero Laughs While Walking the Path of Vengeance a Second Time</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter040">
<div class="sidebar">
<h1 class="chapter-numbera"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter038">SHORT STORY</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title1"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter038">The Day of Tragedy</a></h1>
</div>
<p class="noindent"><span class="dropcap">S</span>omewhere on the premises of the royal castle lay a building far away from any other that resembled a church of Lunaria. What was different about this building was that the normally blue-and-white color scheme, representing love and purity respectively, also included yellow, which represented the bravery of the royal family. Atop the front face of the building was the Y-shaped symbol that represented the Lunarian faith.</p>
<p>That building, built to hide information concerning the hero-summoning ritual, housed more robust security measures than anywhere else in the castle. It held soundproof barriers, antimagic barriers, physical barriers, all the highest level, such that it was incredibly complicated to access the inner sanctum.</p>
<p>In order to avoid having it be discovered from above, an illusion was cast on the air over the building so that to the untrained eye, it looked exactly like any other part of the castle grounds.</p>
<p>I, Princess Alicia Orollea, walked there as I clutched the necklace identifying me as the heir to the throne of the Orollea Kingdom.</p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p>The sound of boots on the marble floor echoed down the hallway, along with the noise of shuffling armor. I was accompanied by a unit of valiant knights whom the people looked up to. They were trained not for combat but in stylish sword techniques whose primary purpose was to dazzle the common folk. Most of them were sons of distinguished noblemen, and they trained only enough so that their skill with the sword did not drop and spent the rest of their time learning the ways of commanding a group of soldiers. In case of emergency, they would not be the ones on the front lines, and while they weren’t quite as weak as the rank and file, they were near the bottom of the ladder when looking at the combat capabilities of the various knights available.</p>
<p>However, this was their time to shine. When the summoning ritual was complete, we would need to influence the hero onto our side, and that would be a lot easier without the likes of Commander Guidott scaring them off with his mere presence. First impressions were important. Make a good one, and the hero would be that much easier to control thereafter.</p>
<p>““Welcome back, Your Highness!””</p>
<p>The elite soldiers of Commander Guidott’s battalion greeted us as we arrived. Only the royal family, the prime minister, and a few of the most elite knights were allowed to enter this secure facility. The national-security risk they presented was quite low, as the prime minister and the knights were all bound by a spell that prevented them from acting against the interests of the country or rebelling against the royal family. If they did, they would instantly die.</p>
<p>“At ease, knights,” I told them. “Please lead the way.”</p>
<p>““Yes, ma’am!””</p>
<p>The inside of the building was of simple make compared with the rest of the castle. Not shabby, but devoid of decorations such as paintings and suits of armor.</p>
<p>“You have prepared the requisite materials, I take it?”</p>
<p>“Yes, ma’am. As per your orders, the beastfolk slaves have been bought from the Grond Company in charge of Dartras and placed in the offering chamber.”</p>
<p>“I see.”</p>
<p>“However, we have gathered a small surplus, and there are currently thirty-four beastfolk over the room’s capacity of two hundred.”</p>
<p>“That won’t be a problem. Two hundred is merely the ritual’s minimum requirements. Any more will simply be used up without issue.”</p>
<p>Besides, that, too, was part of the plan. These filthy beastfolk lives might not count for the same as those of humans, after all.</p>
<p class="space-break1">Then it happened.</p>
<p class="space-break1">“Hey, you! Get back here!”</p>
<p>“Hrh, hrh! Stay back!”</p>
<p>“<em>Tsk</em>, never a quiet moment…”</p>
<p>Suddenly, a young beastfolk boy came running toward me from farther down the hallway, pursued by several knights. The <em>Lupid</em> boy, as he appeared to be from his deep-black wolf ears, was dressed in nothing more than tattered rags, and around his wrists were the broken remains of his shackles. Blood covered his clothing and the small knife in his hand, and his face was visibly pale as he ran down the marble hallway, his chains ringing.</p>
<p>He seemed young, but still, he was one of those rotten beastfolk, and so his physical capabilities were high. Plus, he was armed. The knights appeared to be having trouble and likely did not resort to using magic for fear of damaging the building.</p>
<p>“Hrh?! Grrr!”</p>
<p>“Y-Your Highness?!”</p>
<p>The beastfolk boy saw me standing in his path and slowed to a halt. Trapped between me and the soldiers, he scanned his surroundings warily and growled, revealing his long, white fangs.</p>
<p>“What is the meaning of this?” I asked.</p>
<p>“Our apologies, Your Highness. This boy escaped from the tributary chamber,” explained one knight with a nervous expression, embarrassed at his failure.</p>
<p>I wasn’t fully aware of what was going on, but this was clearly a problem that needed to be dealt with.</p>
<p>“Child, my name is Alicia Orollea, princess of this kingdom.”</p>
<p>“Your Majesty?! Please stay back; this boy is dangerous!”</p>
<p>“Please take a step back,” I warned, gesturing for the knights to leave as I approached the boy.</p>
<p>“S-stay away from me!”</p>
<p>He growled like a dog and scowled at me as I ignored him and steadily drew nearer.</p>
<p>“Calm down. I’m not here to hurt you. I am your ally.”</p>
<p>“Lies! You’ll never trick me!”</p>
<p>“It’s okay; trust me. I have the power to set you free.”</p>
<p>The boy took a sudden step back, as if to run.</p>
<p>“If you flee now, my knights may end up hurting you. You must know that you cannot possibly escape from all of them.”</p>
<p>“Grrr… No, that’s not…” The boy’s mind was suddenly mired in doubt.</p>
<p>“Come, have no fear. Put down that knife.”</p>
<p>“Grrr…my friends… My friends are back there, too! Will you free them as well?”</p>
<p>“Of course. I’m sorry, it must have been so painful…”</p>
<p>I continued to get closer to the boy with a smile on my face, whereupon the knife fell from his hand and clattered onto the marble floor.</p>
<p>“I—I don’t want to kill anybody… Waaah!”</p>
<p>The boy fell to his knees and cried. I crouched down and gently embraced him.</p>
<p>“Poor thing. Don’t worry, it’s all over now…”</p>
<p>I scooped the fallen knife off the ground before slitting the tendons of his unprotected feet.</p>
<p>“Graaaaaargh! Gah! Grrr!”</p>
<p>“…because you’ll be dead soon enough.”</p>
<p>I couldn’t stand to touch the little runt any longer, so I pushed him away from me.</p>
<p>“He won’t be running anywhere now. Hurry up and take him back to his room.”</p>
<p>“Yes, ma’am!”</p>
<p>The knights jumped into action immediately at my words.</p>
<p>“Wh-why…?”</p>
<p>The boy could only manage a weak voice amid his tears.</p>
<p>“Why? Isn’t it obvious? It’s bad enough that you have the nerve to walk and talk like a human being, but for killing one of my knights, you’re lucky I won’t torture you to death.”</p>
<p>“Grrr! Graaargh!”</p>
<p>I kicked his bleeding wounds to cause him as much pain as possible.</p>
<p>“Melt his flesh so the blood doesn’t get everywhere. I don’t want him to taint my halls more than he already has. Then get him back into the offering room.”</p>
<p>“Yes, ma’am! Now hold still, you little runt! <em>Fireball</em>!”</p>
<p>“Gaaagggh! Aaaagh!”</p>
<p>The knight heeded my order and created as small a spell as he could muster to avoid collateral damage. After touching the ball of flame to the boy’s leg and sealing the wound, the knight grabbed him by the hair and dragged him away.</p>
<p>“I can’t believe I had to act in such a farce. I expect a full report later,” I said to the other knights as I handed them the knife. “Be sure to bring appropriate compensation and commiserations to the deceased’s family. He was killed bravely defending me from a vicious bandit.”</p>
<p>“Your consideration is greatly appreciated, Your Highness. However, please refrain from acting in such a manner. It was extremely fortunate you were not harmed.”</p>
<p>“Apologies. I shall take more care in future.”</p>
<p>Admittedly, I had acted a little rashly.</p>
<p>“In any case, I seem to have dirtied myself with his blood. I simply cannot meet the hero in this state.”</p>
<p>I looked down at my pure-white dress, which was now stained red with fresh blood.</p>
<p>“I’ll have to change,” I announced. “There should be a room somewhere around here.”</p>
<p>“Yes, ma’am. I’ll take you there at once.”</p>
<p>I followed the female knight up the stairs and into the changing room.</p>
<p>“Ugh, I wish I could take a hot bath,” I grumbled.</p>
<p>“Please accept my apologies, Your Highness.”</p>
<p>“It’s fine. Just thinking out loud.”</p>
<p>I focused my thoughts elsewhere. It had taken no small amount of money and time to gather the tributes required for the ritual. There would be little chance of a do-over if this attempt were to fail.</p>
<p>After changing my clothes, the knight led me down into the summoning chamber. A magic circle was inscribed onto the floor within, and the environs were appropriately decorated to welcome the new hero. Rows and rows of knights were already lined up and waiting.</p>
<p>“Let us begin the summoning. I do hope we get a puppet that’s easy to control.”</p>
<p>I hated the fact that we had to call beings into this world and make a filthy mockery of the human form. However, I couldn’t let my feelings impede the success of this ritual.</p>
<p>I am Princess Alicia Orollea, first in line to the throne of the Orollea Kingdom.</p>
<p>I sighed deeply, as if expelling the last traces of my emotion, leaving only pure, logical thought.</p>
<p>“It is sin enough simply to permit their existence in this world, so I hope they will be useful to us at the very least.”</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>