<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Hero Laughs While Walking the Path of Vengeance a Second Time</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter029">
<p>Incidentally, it was possible to raise one’s Recovery Rate by using magic or skills, but even a combat-hardened veteran typically had a grade of only around E.</p>
<p>“Looks like your Weakness really has gone,” I observed.</p>
<p>I also noticed that her Affinities for Light, Dark, and Misc. magic were remarkably high. Most people became wizards if their score was above forty. If beastfolk magic wasn’t so bad at long-range attacks, she would make for excellent magical artillery. However, the drawback persisted even when a beastfolk’s mana was converted into a spell, so that plan was a dud.</p>
<p>“Fine, whatever,” I said. “Let’s have some food.”</p>
<p>“Yes, Master. I’ve already taken the liberty of making something.”</p>
<p>“Ah, thanks.”</p>
<p>“No need to thank me. I’m your slave, after all.”</p>
<p>I headed inside the hunter’s lodge with Minnalis. She used to blush with embarrassment when she was affected by MP drunkenness, but now she seemed to take my gratitude in stride. (I refused to think it was because she was already getting sick of my praise.)</p>
<p>Inside were two beds (though the second was simply a piece of cloth, placed over the area where hunters used to pile their catches), a small table, and a fireplace. When we first arrived two days ago, the place had been covered in a thick layer of dust, and it was obvious that it had not been used in some time. After giving the area a quick clean, I had put Minnalis to bed, her Weakness relief potion having worn off, and focused on getting her food and rest. Now she was even looking fuller around the face and limbs, a testament to the fast recovery speed of beastfolk. Her hair and skin were looking more luscious than ever, and her eyes were big and bright again. Only her chest size had not returned to normal (though she was still obviously well-endowed), and she appeared to be a little down about it.</p>
<p>But the past few days had also affected her desire for revenge. When we made our pact and witnessed each other’s memories, we had only seen an abridged version of sorts. We had a general idea of what had happened, and we felt what the other had felt, but we didn’t know any of the details of the events that had led up to that point. The first thing I’d asked Minnalis when I had the chance was exactly whom she wanted to get revenge on and why.</p>
<p>The girl she’d saved stabbed her in the back. People she’d thought she could rely on turned against her. I had expected that different people would still want revenge for similar reasons, but some of those reasons struck far closer to home than I had thought they would, and listening to her talk made me feel sick to my stomach. I didn’t say a word; I just listened. Even when she was done, I didn’t say anything. I didn’t tell her it must have been tough. I didn’t tell her she was right to feel that way. I didn’t offer her a single word of consolation.</p>
<p>Offering words of pity was the same as tossing down contempt from on high. Even if you said them with the best of intentions, they could still hurt. People who truly sympathized knew just how humiliating it was to be pitied, and they kept those words to themselves. The only people who could speak them aloud were those who had never been burned by this heat.</p>
<p>Furthermore, Minnalis’s revenge was my revenge now, and the time for self-pity was long gone by this point.</p>
<p>Last night, Minnalis finished recounting up to where we met. Then it was my turn to tell her my story. How I was a hero summoned from another world. How I had lived through this world once already, been betrayed by the princess and the rest of my companions, and sworn revenge against them. And how I had been reborn into the summoning chamber and disabled the princess and her guards before making my escape.</p>
<p>From my brief summary, Minnalis only really half understood what I had been through, but having lived through some of it, and with me reexplaining some parts to her, she finally seemed to get it. When I stopped to think about it, it was pretty impressive that a normal village girl like Minnalis could even read and write. (Supposedly, she had learned from the merchant caravans that frequented the village.)</p>
<p>Minnalis seemed like quite a shrewd girl by this world’s standards. She was pretty, smart, and athletic. Back on Earth, a girl like this would have been way out of my league. By what miracle was she my partner in crime now?</p>
<p>“Master, be sure to eat. Your food’s getting cold.”</p>
<p>“Oh, yeah.”</p>
<p>At some point while I was lost in reflection, sitting on a cut log with my head in my hands, a bowl of soup had appeared before me. It contained Green Boar meat with dried vegetables. Steam was rising from the salty broth, and it seemed delicious. At least, it looked better than anything I could make.</p>
<p>“Huh? Where did you get these spoons?”</p>
<p>I had only packed forks when I was in town, yet on the table beside our bowls, there was a pair of wooden spoons.</p>
<p>“I whittled them out of a wooden branch. I thought it would be easier to eat with a spoon.”</p>
<p>Sure enough, some of the meat and vegetables were cut pretty finely. A fork wouldn’t be optimal here.</p>
<p>“Wow, that’s impressive,” I praised. “Did you use to do this kind of thing back at the village, too?”</p>
<p>“Yes. In winter, I would make wooden sculptures to help with the family finances. I don’t think these are very good, though. I might redo them later.”</p>
<p>“I see. They seem pretty fine to me.”</p>
<p>I wasn’t sure why Minnalis was unsatisfied with them, but she was the expert. If she thought they were lacking, then there wasn’t much I could say to convince her. I took a spoon and began to eat.</p>
<p>“I hope you like it. How does it taste?”</p>
<p>“Mmm. It’s good. You’re a pretty good cook, Minnalis.”</p>
<p>Thinking back, the food she had prepared the day we first met had looked pretty tasty, too. You know, if it hadn’t been filled with goblin-transformation serum and monster poison.</p>
<p>“Thank you. That was delicious,” I said, placing my hands together.</p>
<p>“I’m glad to see you liked it, but, er, Master, why are you praying…?”</p>
<p>“Oh, that’s just something people did in my world.”</p>
<p>When I said that, Minnalis’s expression grew uncertain.</p>
<p>“Master, do you…? Are you going to go back to your world one day?”</p>
<p>“Oh, don’t worry. I’m not about to leave you high and dry without letting you fulfill your revenge.”</p>
<p>Minnalis appeared a little relieved by my words.</p>
<p>“And also…I think even after I get my revenge, when I calm down, when I’m able to take my time and search for a way back… I don’t think I’ll ever return. It’s too late. There’s nothing for me there.”</p>
<p>After I emptied my thoughts, I stood up and took our bowls from the table.</p>
<p>“Anyway, we don’t need to think about that until our revenge is over. Let’s deal with the problems in front of us for now.”</p>
<p>“Master, I’ll clean the dishes. Please sit down.”</p>
<p>“The first thing we have to do is build up our strength.”</p>
<p>“Master, I’ll clean the dishes. Please sit down.”</p>
<p>“…Er, Minnalis? Are you listening to me?”</p>
<p>“Master, I’ll clean the dishes. Please sit down.”</p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p>My casual smile was beaten back by the sudden and strange intensity of Minnalis’s bearing as she stubbornly repeated her words with both arms outstretched. Was the uneasiness I thought I saw flash across her face just an illusion?</p>
<p>“Master. I’ll clean the dishes.”</p>
<p>She spoke slowly, her face never breaking from her perfect smile. I was unsure what was driving her, but I handed over the bowls. She nodded once happily and drew them close to her chest.</p>
<p>“And then? What specifically were you planning we do next, Master?”</p>
<p>“Oh, er…”</p>
<p>It was like nothing had even happened, but it had unsettled me enough for me to lose my train of thought, so I cleared my throat and started again.</p>
<p>“Er, well, ten days from now, I was planning to enter a dungeon a short way from here. It hasn’t been discovered yet, you see. Then we’re going to <em>kill all the monsters inside</em>.”</p>
<p>A beat passed as the air in the hut was silent, before Minnalis emitted a small sound.</p>
<p>“…Huh?”</p>
<p class="space-break2">Several kilometers northeast from the hunter’s lodge was a cave. When the dungeon appeared there, a rockfall sealed off the entrance almost immediately, so nobody had discovered it yet. It was due to be discovered in another month, when an earthquake would reveal the entrance, allowing a veteran adventurer who was out with a group of newbies to come across it.</p>
<p>Dungeons formed following the spontaneous appearance of something called a Dungeon Core, a metal sphere with golem-like qualities that warped the surrounding environment into a labyrinth. Monsters appeared more frequently inside them, and over time, the dungeons grew larger, and the monsters within more powerful and more plentiful.</p>
<p>The Dungeon Core remained within the labyrinth’s depths, defended by a formidable monster known as a Guardian, which wielded powerful equipment created using the dungeon’s magic. If the Dungeon Core was destroyed, the magic was dispelled, and the dungeon became an inert tangle of passages and rooms.</p>
<p>Compared with all the dungeons spread across the lands, this one was quite <em>young</em>. If it were a human, it would be little more than a baby.</p>
<p>There was no sunlight in cave dungeons, but they were lit by a substance called brightmoss, which lined the walls. There were air vents, too, so adventurers didn’t suffocate deeper in. The problem was something we only discovered in the cold, dank depths of the cave network, precisely eight days after arriving.</p>
<p class="space-break2">“Tch! Haaaah!”</p>
<p>“Gaaaaaaargh!”</p>
<p>Steel and steel clashed once more, but the long battle was at last drawing to a close. A single well-placed slice severed the Sword Goblin’s hand, which was still wielding its rusty blade. Minnalis leveled her weapon, and as the goblin stepped back in retreat, she lunged forward, placing her longsword right between the goblin’s ribs. She was onto her seventh sword, and even it was showing signs of disrepair.</p>
<p>“Gah! Graaaaah!”</p>
<p>“Now to end it!”</p>
<p>The goblin cried out in anger and pain just as a single stroke of Minnalis’s blade severed its repulsive head from its shoulders. Unable to give even a dying wail, its body slumped down to the ground, spraying forth gushes of green blood.</p>
<p>“<em>Phew…</em> Ah!”</p>
<p>Suddenly, an arrow flew toward Minnalis. Something had been waiting for the right moment to attack. It was too late to dodge, and she twisted her body so that it might at least miss her vitals.</p>
<p>“That’s why I said never to let down your guard.”</p>
<p>Using Fleet-Foot to step in quickly, I deflected the arrow upward slightly with my blade so that it missed its target. Some distance away, behind a rocky outcrop, I spotted an Archer Goblin preparing to fire a second arrow.</p>
<p>“I’ll let you deal with those wolves for a while.”</p>
<p>“O-okay!”</p>
<p>The half dozen or so Gray Garm I had been fighting were perplexed at my sudden disappearance, unable to keep up with the speed of Fleet-Foot. They began to panic, when the howl of a darker-furred individual among them, the Black Garm, caused them to fall into line.</p>
<p>I watched them reorganize out of the corner of my eye before leaving them to Minnalis and heading in a different direction.</p>
<p>“Not on my watch.”</p>
<p>With Fleet-Foot, I was able to reach the goblin before it fired its second arrow and cleaved it in two with a single swing of my sword.</p>
<p>“Gaaaah!”</p>
<p>“Be quiet.”</p>
<p>I immediately swung my sword back up to take out another goblin, then seconds later, an enormous slab of metal came crashing down, throwing out sparks as I blocked it. It was the monstrous blade of the Highsword Goblin that had been hiding in the shadows, commanding its squad of about a dozen smaller goblins.</p>
<p>“Gaaaargh!”</p>
<p>The goblin bellowed an angry roar at my meddling. It was roughly the same shape as a normal goblin but was bulging with muscles and stood nearly two hundred twenty centimeters tall, twice the size of the rest of its kin.</p>
<p>“I can smell your rage. Though, I guess if you were trying to sneak attack me, that roar would have given you away first.”</p>
<p>“Gaaaah! Graaaaagh!”</p>
<p>My intrinsic ability, Auto-Translate, allowed me to understand and be understood by others. However, it only worked on races similar to my own. I could speak with beastfolk, elves, and demons, but not nonhumanoids, even though certain classes of monsters such as beasts and insects could communicate with others of their type.</p>
<p>It was likewise with the goblin in front of me. It couldn’t understand what I was saying. Still, it appeared to get that I was making fun of it, and so with a tremendous roar, it swung its enormous sword at mine again, blasting me back.</p>
<p>“Grrr, what a brute…!” I yelled, taken aback by its overwhelming strength.</p>
<p>I used Air Step to correct my posture in midair before glancing over in Minnalis’s direction. She was still engaging the Gray Garm in combat, inflicting damage little by little while trying not to let herself be surrounded. It appeared she had grasped the basics of battle strategy very well indeed.</p>
<p class="space-break1">I couldn’t afford to slip up here while Minnalis was fighting so bravely. Now that I was some distance from my attacker, I looked at its status to figure out the source of its incredible strength. When I saw what was written on its status screen, I understood.</p>
<p>“Its condition says <em>OK</em> and <em>Cursed</em>. That means it must have a cursed weapon.”</p>
<p class="space-break1">It seemed unlikely that the tattered cloth around the goblin’s loins was the source of its power, so I turned my Appraise ability on its greatsword. As I had guessed, the item appeared to be a cursed sword. It was a weapon geared for brute force, well suited to goblins, which rarely used magic in battle. It was probably by obtaining this sword that the creature evolved from a mere Sword Goblin into a Highsword Goblin.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>