<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Hero Laughs While Walking the Path of Vengeance a Second Time</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="frontmatter-rw preface-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="frontmatter preface" id="preface005">
<p>“Oh man, I am going to kill you all…”</p>
<p>Then I heard a click, and my HP reached zero. My mind was dragged into oblivion. I died, and Kaito Ukei was no more.</p>
<div class="ecom_a">
<p class="blockquote-firstpara1">System message: Tutorial mode complete.</p>
<p class="blockquote-firstpara1">Elapsed time: 04 years, 98 days, 17 hours, 52 minutes, 35 seconds.</p>
</div>
<div class="ecom_a">
<p class="blockquote-firstpara1">Regressing level based on time elapsed.</p>
<p class="blockquote-firstpara1">Regression rate exceeds current level. Resetting to initial values…</p>
<p class="blockquote-firstpara1">Remaining 20,000 EXP applied as debt.</p>
<p class="blockquote-firstpara1">Setting level caps at multiples of 10, unlockable via experience.</p>
</div>
<div class="ecom_a">
<p class="blockquote-firstpara1">Regression rate exceeds maximum allowable debt.</p>
<p class="blockquote-firstpara1">Applying excess regression to skills. Revoking/regressing skills…</p>
<p class="blockquote-firstpara1">Skill revocation/regression successful. Skills have been reset to initial values.</p>
</div>
<div class="ecom_a">
<p class="blockquote-firstpara1">Regression rate exceeds available skills.</p>
<p class="blockquote-firstpara1">Applying excess regression to intrinsic ability “Soul Blade.” Revoking soul blades…</p>
</div>
<div class="ecom_a">
<p class="blockquote-firstpara1">…Operation failed because of “Holy Sword of Retribution.”</p>
</div>
<div class="ecom_a">
<p class="blockquote-firstpara1">Revocation failed. Switching to experience locking.</p>
<p class="blockquote-firstpara1">Experience lock successful. 53 of 58 soul blades locked.</p>
</div>
<div class="ecom_a">
<p class="blockquote-firstpara1">Excess regression rate satisfied.</p>
</div>
<div class="ecom_a">
<p class="blockquote-firstpara1">Returning to starting location… Complete.</p>
<p class="blockquote-firstpara1">Return to starting location successful.</p>
</div>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>