<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword"><div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>And so ends the Laoravia/Brawl arc. In addition, we’ve cleared Floor 30 of the Dungeon as well. You heard me. No matter what anyone might try to tell you, that boss fight happened <em>on the thirtieth floor of the Dungeon.</em> So the title <em>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level</em> is <em>not</em> false advertising. That was a real Dungeon-y story I just wrote. Phew-ee, working our way through the Dungeon is loads of fun, isn’t it?!</p>

      <p>All right, enough joking. Allow me to express how sorry I am. To those of you who bought the books due to the promises made by the overly blunt title, I can but apologize. It truly <em>is</em> a problem that I barely touched on the Dungeon for two volumes in a row. That being said, I think that in exchange, I was able to depict the boss fight pretty satisfactorily. The grand finals following match after match after match—this tournament was a veritable whirlwind of battles. I don’t think volume 7 will have any such matches. The main focus will be Dungeon diving again. There will be other developments too, like sea voyage stuff and mainland stuff, but the story will center mostly around this party of seven exploring the Dungeon. Not only is that a large party, but our heroines will grow quite rapidly too. Past Floor 30, we’ll be progressing through the Dungeon in unprecedented ways. Let’s just say it’ll be a different beast than the two-person Dungeon diving of volume 4. Look forward to it!</p>

      <p>Every volume, I’m always just talking about the next one, aren’t I? I don’t want people thinking my afterwords are nothing but me teasing the next volume and expressing my thoughts on the illustrations, so I figured I’d bring up my hobby this time around too. I’m sure some of you who are in the know might have picked up on this already, but this series uses not only RPG mechanics but also TCG mechanics here and there.</p>

      <p>I love card games. Recently, there’s been a rise in types of card games, and they’re even getting anime treatments and online clients, so I’m happy as a clam. And whenever I see special effects in online card games that can’t be done in physical card games, I seriously think to myself, <em>Man, the future is now, huh?</em> For example, an effect like “deals 1 damage to a random character” can only be done quickly and fairly through an online game that leans on the computer to crunch numbers. To name another example, recently, an online card game introduced the effect, “As long as your deck doesn’t contain two or more of a single card...” Boy was I surprised to see that. It surprised me in a bunch of ways, actually.</p>

      <p>Now, I don’t have much room left, so it’s time for the usual round of thank-yous, especially for the illustrations. Thanks to Ukai-san for making a cover with such an amazing composition. Lorwen and Kanami’s positioning is just great, don’t you think? And the other illustrations too—I made so many demands for the art, and I received all sorts of winners. Looks like it was worth tweeting, “If I only get one illustration, I wanna see <em>this</em> scene,” over the years.</p>

      <p>Of course, I also need to give my deep and sincere thanks to the people who picked up this novel, those who supported the web version, and the many I owe for helping in the making of this print version. See you in volume 7!</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>