<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>The Otherworld Heroines’ Otherworld Massages, Part 1</h2>

      <p>Just a little while longer and the guild tasks would be over with. I’d put sorting through the paperwork I’d been handed on my first day behind me, but we still received periodic jobs from the government. When it was stuff like patrolling the town, it was pretty easy, but sometimes the commission had us chasing down criminals on the outskirts, which was a tall order. It must have been because while I was blasting through countless quests, word was going around about my <em>Dimension</em> spell, though of course, part of it was simply that Epic Seeker had gained that much more clout too.</p>

      <p>Today, Lorwen and I apprehended a kidnapper who’d taken to their heels. After listening to various members’ status reports in my office, I expanded <em>Dimension</em> to check in on Lorwen, who was being flattered with attention by the rescued children. He was beginning to fade away, and my heart felt a little warmer and fuzzier. All in a day’s work.</p>

      <p>I returned to my room to be greeted by a familiar voice.</p>

      <p>“Hello, brother.”</p>

      <p>“Hiya, Maria,” I replied, sitting down on one of the furnished chairs as I vented the feelings that had accumulated inside with a long sigh.</p>

      <p>“You seem exhausted,” she said worriedly.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Oh, no, that’s just guild work for ya. It’s decently tiring.”</p>

      <p>While I was maintaining a stoic face in front of the world, the second it was just me and her, I ended up off guard. I moderately regretted giving my beloved little sister cause for concern.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Kanami. I’m just so useless...”</p>

      <p>Just as I predicted, she started laying into herself.</p>

      <p>“You’re not useless. Not in a million years. It’s because you’re here waiting that I’m keeping at it.” That was no lie either.</p>

      <p>Maria shook her head. “If there’s anything I can do... Actually, could you please come here a second?”</p>

      <p>She patted the bed. While a bit puzzled, I sat myself down next to her without hesitation. We’d been sleeping in the same bed for about a week now, so merely sitting on the same bed inspired no hesitation whatsoever.</p>

      <p>“Good, now lie down, please...”</p>

      <p>“What? Why?”</p>

      <p>She was trying to push me down vigorously, and however close we were, I was still resistant.</p>

      <p>“I would like to try giving you a nice massage. That is all I can do as a sister for my hardworking brother.”</p>

      <p><em>Hold up, a massage? As in, she’s gonna rub my muscles for me? Is that...really something siblings our age should be doing on the same bed?</em></p>

      <p>A little doubt and shyness flowed out from deep in my heart, but right as I was about to decline, she cut me off at the pass.</p>

      <p>“Please. Let me do this for you,” she pleaded, looking me straight in the eyes.</p>

      <p>When I saw the look on her face, my body relaxed and I swallowed my “no.” Upon second thought, massages between family members were a common enough sight in households in modern Japan. It wasn’t that weird. And above all, maybe this request was just Maria trying to find where she belonged, and who was I to turn her down? I couldn’t anymore.</p>

      <p>“O-Okay. So, uh, yeah, please do, I guess.”</p>

      <p>She proceeded to push me right down.</p>

      <p><em>Damn, has she always been this strong?</em></p>

      <p>“Okay. I’ll do my best.”</p>

      <p>And that was how the massage commenced. Maria got on top of my lower back (I was lying face down) and pressed her thumbs into me. Lightly at first, then gradually stronger and stronger, she slowly worked her way up from my lower back to my shoulders. Maria’s body was sticking weirdly close to me; I could feel her breath on the back of my ear. I felt like her choice of posture was odd, but I also got the feeling it had been this way when my sister gave me a massage a long time ago, so I didn’t say anything.</p>

      <p>That said, I didn’t think my muscles were really loosening up. The tactile sensation of Maria’s body on mine as she attacked my back made me feel strangely awkward. Every time Maria moved, her soft buttocks rubbed against my back, and her springy thighs squeezed my sides hard. Just as I was starting to wonder if this was what massages were always like, her voice sounded in my ear.</p>

      <p>“Ah, come to think of it...I have other stuff to use too. Ms. Tayly was kind enough to give me these. She got me plenty of incense for the sake of my blind self, and also...”</p>

      <p>Blind though she was, she nimbly reached for the nearby table and took something in hand. I craned my neck to look.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Are those herbs for moxibustion?”</p>

      <p>“Good eye. In addition to incense, I received an herb called flamestasis.”</p>

      <p>My intuition, informed by the shape and the smell, was right on the money. Apparently, in this world, they practiced a form of moxibustion by mixing and grinding an herb called flamestasis.</p>

      <p>“All right, let’s give this a shot.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, are you taking off my shirt?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“Hrnn?”</p>

      <p>She stripped my upper body clothing off like it was perfectly natural, then placed one moxa-reminiscent clump on my back after the other. I felt heat on my back, and...<em>magic energy.</em> I was lying face down so I couldn’t see it, but she was working magic on me. There could be no doubt.</p>

      <p>“Wait, Maria...did you just cast a spell?”</p>

      <p>Maria replied a little delightedly, “I’ve been keeping it a secret, but I had Ms. Tayly teach me, and now I can use super basic fire magic. She even told me I’m a natural at it.”</p>

      <p>For some reason, the sight of her smiling atop my back gave me the chills. Despite how hot my back was from the moxibustion, the chills exceeded that heat by a wide margin.</p>

      <p>“Oh, hey, wow. That’s really cool. But you know, let’s practice good fire safety, shall we?! Fire’s dangerous! Be <em>real</em> careful, okay, Maria?!”</p>

      <p>Why was I reacting like this? I had chills that wouldn’t go away and a bad feeling stuck in the pit of my stomach, not to mention my cold sweat. Taken together, I felt like throwing up.</p>

      <p>“Right, I’ll be careful,” she said, leaving it at that. “Now then, allow me to show you the fire spell I’ve been practicing.”</p>

      <p>The fire she was so proud of lighted the moxa on my back one by one, the temperature of my skin gradually rising.</p>

      <p><em>So this is moxibustion...or is it? It’s kind of warm...or rather, it’s actually hot. Or maybe not </em>hot<em> so much as...painful! Ow!</em></p>

      <p>Heat like a thousand-year grudge, burning my back! “Uh, Maria? You sure that’s how it’s meant to be used?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Is something off? I thought it was going smoothly...”</p>

      <p>“If it’s going smoothly, then never mind.”</p>

      <p><em>So is moxibustion just this hot? I underestimated the pain.</em></p>

      <p>Thanks to my level grinding, my body had become pretty strong and sturdy here, yet I still felt faint from the sheer heat. Moxibustion was something else. It felt like some impish fire sprite who loved Maria and hated me was taking advantage of this opportunity for a spot of no-holds-barred mischief at my expense, but I lay there and endured in silence. Maria was humming along as she went, she was so full of cheer; for her sake, I’d bear with anything. But while I’d decided to persevere—it was hot. What was hot was hot. And it was <em>really</em> hot. It was actually crazy hot. It was more than hot; the pain was starting to get brutal.</p>

      <p><em>Hard to believe this is good for me. Though maybe it’s like foot pressure point massages where it’s good for you </em>because<em> it hurts.</em></p>

      <p>Maria was still humming along. “I’ll give you a massage while we’re at it. How does it feel? Does it feel good, Kanami?”</p>

      <p>“Uh...yeah. It feels nice and warm, kind of?”</p>

      <p>“Glad to hear it! I’ll put some more elbow into it, then!”</p>

      <p>She hummed as heat that felt like it would peel the skin off my back assailed me—and I kept on bearing it, telling myself that this was good for me, and repeating the mantra in my mind that since Maria was working hard for me, I couldn’t rain on her parade.</p>

      <p>That day, Maria’s massage-adjacent whatever-it-was continued late into the night.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The next morning, I left our bedroom, careful not to wake up the contented Maria sleeping next to me, and stepped into my office, my face pallid. Snow was there, a smile on her face.</p>

      <p>“Ah, Kanami! Tee hee. Um, so Vohlzark was telling me there’s this sound wave massage technique that can only be done by people who can use elementless magic, and I was thinking—”</p>

      <p>“M-Massage?” I said, terrified.</p>

      <p>And that night, I learned that my fear had been valid indeed.</p>

      <p><em>To be continued.</em></p>

      <h2>Bathtime for the Girl Knights</h2>

      <p>The Brawl was the largest festival in the Alliance, and the participating fighters were promised services proportionate with that scale. Luxury liners from all over the world moored in Valhuura, and within a guest cabin that was a top pick even among all the high-end ships there, a certain group of knights was making a racket. Ragne, one of the three beauties called “maidens of war” throughout the tournament, was running around touching the expensive furnishings with her hands. It was behavior unbecoming of a knight, but the other two—Pelsiona and Franrühle—knew her destitute past, and they watched her go with grudgingly tolerant looks in their eyes. If anything, they viewed such a frank and upfront reaction as a breath of fresh air.</p>

      <p>“Wowee, am I wrong or is this amazing? I mean, look at the ridiculous sheen on the furniture—it’s <em>glowing</em>. Oh, whoa, they’ve even got a shower with a ley line attached! It’s so big, and pretty too! Wait, uh, how do you actually work it, though? Uhh, is this for the hot water? Ah! No!”</p>

      <p>She’d entered the room with the baths and applied some light magic energy to the magic machinery, but not knowing which activation key was the correct one, she’d ended up dumping cold water on her head.</p>

      <p>Franrühle’s eyes lit up and she barged into the room. “Ms. Ragne! I know all about these things! Let’s not waste this opportunity! What say we enjoy some communal bathing?!” She immediately cast off her clothing, exposing her unblemished, alabaster-white skin.</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Come now! I’ll explain everything thoroughly and carefully!”</p>

      <p>Ragne couldn’t have expected <em>that. </em>“Damn you’re quick to disrobe! Shyness isn’t, like, in you, huh?!”</p>

      <p>Sure, after the past few days, she figured she could call Franrühle a friend, but not a buck-naked-in-front-of-her-eyes kind of friend.</p>

      <p>“Oh I’m not the type to fret if it’s just us girls!”</p>

      <p>“Sure, but, like, aren’t nobles supposed to be modest and reserv—”</p>

      <p>“I’m not the type to fret over<em> that</em> kind of thing either! You may be my senior when it comes to work, but <em>I’m</em> more experienced when it comes to this sort of thing, so I’ll do you a kindness and teach you plenty!”</p>

      <p>Ragne knew where this was going. She knew the girl’s personality in and out. It was hard not to when she left nothing to the imagination, both psychologically<em> and</em> physically. In other words, she was an extreme busybody who always charged headlong into situations. And she’d lost the plaything she usually had at her side (her brother). In other words...</p>

      <p>“Is this the part where you run me ragged in place of Liner?” <em>I’m her next plaything? </em>Ragne got the feeling that if she didn’t call for help right this instant, she’d be in for a tiresome ride. “Head Knight! Maaaaaa’am!”</p>

      <p>“Hrn. I’m coming in too. It’s a rare chance to mingle with my subordinates of the same sex, so I shan’t restrain myself.”</p>

      <p>For some reason, the Head Knight was following Franrühle’s lead and stripping. After removing her hair clip, the femininity she always kept so muted was now front and center. Due to her tall stature and deep voice, Pelsiona was often mistaken for a man by those around her, but in actuality, she possessed a voluptuous physique capable of captivating many a man. Like Franrühle, she was not lacking in a woman’s charms in the slightest.</p>

      <p>Now caught between the two, Ragne’s confidence in herself as a cute girl was starting to wane. “Hold on, what?”</p>

      <p>The image of nobles in her head was starting to crumble. She’d thought highborn girls would be more modest, more discreet.</p>

      <p>“That’s swell, Head Knight! Let’s bathe together!” said Franrühle.</p>

      <p>“Sure. Ragne, you enter too. I order you to.”</p>

      <p>Ragne was only getting more perplexed. What could she conclude except that the refinement of nobles counterintuitively meant they thought nothing of baring their skin before a commoner?</p>

      <p>“Uh, sure?”</p>

      <p>Figuring that saying no wouldn’t be <em>normal</em>, Ragne aimed to be normal and obliged them. Franrühle and Pelsiona entered the spacious bathing room in the nude, chatting idly like it was a matter of course. Ragne was still puzzled by this turn of events, but she shed her clothes and bared her petite, short body before following them.</p>

      <p>“Ragne, your soft, wimpy body has always rather bothered me. Follow my example and train your muscles.”</p>

      <p>“I expected no less of <em>your</em> body, Head Knight!” said Franrühle. “It’s so very beautiful! The way you’re slim but still have visible muscles is perfection!”</p>

      <p>“Hrm. It seems you just <em>get</em> it, Fran. I pride myself on having built a perfect physique marrying both speed and power.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll have to pass on that for myself, though. That musculature is what girls want on guys; it’s not the kind we fair maidens should be putting on. Heh heh heh, I now understand just why you’re such a popular lady knight.”</p>

      <p>“Hold on a moment. I’m talking about the strength a knight needs to acquire, not <em>that</em>...”</p>

      <p>That day, Ragne experienced what could be called the greatest humiliation of her life under the pretext of naked coworker bonding. After the two of them pointed out how immature her body was for her age, she ended up crying. She now knew that Pelsiona had a habit of sizing up other people’s muscles, and that Franrühle simply had some screws loose in her head, and she swore to herself that next time around, she’d take a page out of Liner’s book and get herself a separate room.</p>

      <h2>Aim for the Top of the Academy, Part 6</h2>

      <p>I truly had nothing. What did I bring with me into this world, you may ask? Just about nothing, apart from the clothes on my back and the stuff in my pockets. I’d had no money, nothing to eat, nowhere to live, no documentation of my birth or existence, and none of the other stuff somebody needed to live a normal life.</p>

      <p>But that was no longer the case. I had a job now, albeit one that was more like a side hustle. And with a job came an income. Finally, I was living like a human being, not worrying about my next meal. And today would be another day of putting forth my best efforts for my patron, the good Lady Karamia Arrace.</p>

      <p>“Kanami, could you get me a drink?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, right away.”</p>

      <p>In one of the courtyards of Eltraliew Academy—a space only high-ranking nobles were allowed to enter—I used a magic gem pot to make hot tea for my patron, who was sitting at a table and studying hard, and poured it into a cup for her.</p>

      <p>“Lady Karamia, ma’am, this is tea imported from the mainland.” From behind, I gently placed it within reach of her, so as not to disturb her studies.</p>

      <p>“You work as fast as ever. You really are a deft hand, Kanami. I’m a little surprised by how butler-like you’ve become over the past month.”</p>

      <p>Every move she made was predicated on a cool and collected composure, yet she pulled an expression I rarely saw on her face as she sipped from the cup she’d been provided. If you asked me, I wasn’t being as deft as she said. All I was doing was getting what I <em>could</em> do over with as quickly as possible without making any blunders. Except, come to think of it, I did get the feeling that after coming to this world, the way my body moved felt smoother...</p>

      <p>“In the past, I’ve done this sort of thing for work before, so that’s why. I think I’m just used to it.”</p>

      <p>Once again, she looked surprised. “In the past? Wow, is that right? Can’t say I expected that.”</p>

      <p>It must have been thanks to my experience serving customers in part-time jobs back on Earth. In any case, Karamia remembered to report the most important information to me.</p>

      <p>“Ah, about the research and development expenses we discussed. I’ll increase your funding. Make sure to use those deft hands of yours to make lots and lots of new products. I look forward to the fruits of our partnership.”</p>

      <p>Karamia was currently my employer cum sponsor funding the magic tools I was creating. Her resources left nothing to be desired, and I experienced no inconvenience regarding money after coming under her employ. Three square meals a day, I got to sleep on a futon, and no more going without textbooks or decent clothes. It was glorious. An ordinary life was so glorious. Was it any wonder I’d start calling the girl who’d tried to kill me <em>Lady</em> Karamia now that I had all this? I didn’t care if I had to call her that for the rest of my days.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. I’ll work even harder for you, Lady Karamia.”</p>

      <p>She averted her eyes a little. “Good. Please work diligently for my sake, same as always.”</p>

      <p>And so ended our everyday lunch break. This had been my work-and-school life for the past month or so. After my duel with her, I’d signed the contract, and this was the sort of existence it had afforded me. Behind us, my friends were watching me work from their corner of the courtyard—the same friends as always.</p>

      <p>“C’mon, not <em>again</em>. What am I looking at, Ms. Annius?”</p>

      <p>“Watch carefully, little Liner. That’s what they call a gigolo. I can’t believe he actually bagged a girl from the highest clique. This is the best. It was worth giving him that advice.”</p>

      <p>“He’s whoring himself out? It’s true he’s got a bit of a womanizing streak. I hate him.”</p>

      <p><em>I’m not “whoring myself out</em>.” <em>I’m </em>working. <em>This is my part-time hustle. My job.</em></p>

      <p>For reasons that eluded me, I was subjected to unfounded slander on a daily basis. But I had to grin and bear it for now. If I took the bait, I’d be right where my friends wanted me. For one, Annius was clearly waiting there in case she got to witness some fun mishap, but I no longer had any obligation to entertain her. I could strike out on my own without having to rely on Annius’s good graces.</p>

      <p>“What are you looking at, Kanami?” asked my employer, noticing that I was focusing my attention on something behind her.</p>

      <p>“S-Sorry, ma’am.”</p>

      <p>“Do concentrate when you’re at work. You’ve signed the contract to be my butler. You’ll look at <em>me</em> and you’ll work for <em>my</em> sake.”</p>

      <p>“Of course. I’ll keep you safe, I promise. That’s my job, after all.”</p>

      <p>“That’s right. That is your job.”</p>

      <p>With that, she suddenly got to her feet and zipped out of the courtyard. I followed close behind. Afternoon classes were starting.</p>

      <p>After class was out, it was time for school administrative activities, which were entrusted solely to Lady Karamia, the student council president. Once she was done with that, it was time for self-study and voluntary practice. To be frank, her schedule was too jam-packed for a girl her age, containing duels with the challengers who used the Elt-Order system to fight her. Due to her position, there were times she couldn’t decline such requests. To put it bluntly, it was unreasonable to expect her to make time for duels when she was already this busy. It made me understand a little better why she’d wanted to rip me a new one a month ago.</p>

      <p>In order to lighten her burden a little, I took a step forward and provoked her. “Entrust this to me, if you please. There’s no need for you to waste your time,” I said—a line straight out of some manga. I was willing to act on her behalf regarding the ten or so duels on her docket.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Kanami. I leave it to you.”</p>

      <p>She knew more about my financial situation than anyone else, and she ceded the duel to me with a smile, watching over me from behind. Even though I was acting as a substitute, if I won, I’d receive the Elt-Order payout. I could earn extra income from dueling in addition to my main job.</p>

      <p>Being a butler was the best. Lady Karamia was the best. It made me want to follow her for the rest of my life. I used my fat wallet to make the magic tools I needed to beat back the mid-level students asking for duels, despite the fact that I was Level 1. And after every victory, my patron praised her butler. She was a competent employer who made sure to show her appreciation for her subordinates.</p>

      <p>“Impressive, as always. I believed in you, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>“I’m not worthy of those words.”</p>

      <p>I offered a butler bow, to which she chuckled. This happened every time. Gone was any trace of the days we used to be at each other’s throats, and another day of butlering was drawing to an end. She, however, stopped me before I could bid her good night, which was unusual.</p>

      <p>“Oh, by the way, Kanami, I’m thinking of using the holidays to return to my house for a spell. Would you care to tag along as my butler? I know you probably want to focus on developing magic tools, but my grandfather expressed an interest in you, so...”</p>

      <p>“The holidays?”</p>

      <p>“Is it a no-go?”</p>

      <p>Honestly, I didn’t think I had much time to spare. My magic tool development had reached new heights, and soon I’d complete equipment that would allow me to Dungeon dive. On the other hand, Lady Karamia’s grandfather was the one and only Blademaster. The fact that he was interested in me was too good to pass up. Even better, what if I could get him to teach me the blade a little? That’d be huge. I figured that the biggest problem on my plate regarding the Dungeon was close-quarters combat. If I solved that issue, I could level-grind safely in the Dungeon. Given that, maybe paying the Karamia estate a visit wasn’t a bad idea.</p>

      <p>“No, I’d be happy to come, if you’ll have me.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, good. Look forward to the holidays, Kanami. See you.” She ran off in a hurry.</p>

      <p><em>Another day of butlering well butlered,</em> I thought to myself. Then I heard whispering from behind again.</p>

      <p>“What do you think, Liner? That idiot hasn’t figured it out yet, has he?”</p>

      <p>“Doesn’t look like it, no. I’ll be honest, holding in the laughter was rough.”</p>

      <p>Now that my patron was gone, I could complain to my friends who were being pointlessly high-level, self-concealing ninjas. “You two have been awful chatty today.”</p>

      <p>“Can you blame us? You’re so entertaining, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>“What she said. Let me be blunt—you’re a stress reliever in this otherwise shitty school life. Watching you repairs my broken soul.”</p>

      <p>The fact that they viewed me like some sort of clown made me knit my brow. “What’s so entertaining? All I’m doing is normal-ass butler stuff.”</p>

      <p>“I mean, c’mon,” said Annius. “If you go on like this, you’ll be with the House of Arrace forever, if you catch my meaning. It’s a laugh and a half!”</p>

      <p>“Wha?” <em>Forever, as in...</em></p>

      <p>“You really underestimate how possessive noble girls are,” said Liner. “Their ilk always tries to obtain what they want by any means necessary. My sister’s the same, so I know it when I see it.”</p>

      <p>“You do remember Karamia had like a million hangers-on, right? And yet now she’s alone with you all the time. You never thought anything of that?”</p>

      <p>Now that she mentioned it, it had been just the two of us today too. In the beginning, she’d had a legion of lady’s maids and an entourage of coattail-kissers, but now... It <em>was</em> strange.</p>

      <p><em>So, wait, does that mean what I think it does? Over the past month, she’s begun to, like,</em> like<em> me? For real? No, no way. No way something that stupid could be true. Our social statuses are too different. When she hired me, she made sure to remind me I was just a friend to her.</em></p>

      <p>Plus, she’d done nothing over the past month to make me think she liked me. Well, if I had to pick one moment, there was that one time. The time she’d said “I wanna be a ruler” with childlike innocent eyes and I’d watched her wax on about her plans to rule the school until the next morning. <em>“Kanami, you’re the first person to ever actually listen to me all the way through,” </em>she’d said contentedly.</p>

      <p>When I told Annius about that episode, she drew back a step in shock. “H-How many bases have you cleared in a single month?! No wonder she always got red in the face and looked away...and no wonder she’d invite you to her home! So, this is how a pro seduces girls, huh? How frightening.”</p>

      <p>It seemed that nugget of info had only solidified her suspicions.</p>

      <p>“I see,” said Liner. “I thought that her goal was to keep you as a butler for the rest of your life like a pet, but now that it’s come to this, you’re on a slippery slope. She even introduced you to the Blademaster, so you’ve got a ticket to the top now.”</p>

      <p>Only after hearing their reactions did it dawn on me that I’d reached a point of no return. And what happened over the holidays confirmed it, as she would introduce me to her extremely famous grandfather as her “lover.”</p>

      <h2>At the Pub, Part 3: The Brawl</h2>

      <p>The largest festival in the Alliance was being held on a fleet of boats lined up on the Huura River. The deck was filled to the brim with visitors, all enjoying the entertainment on offer amid the interconnected fleet. The cheers and excitement were especially intense in the arena set up on board one ship. Needless to say, the Brawl was the principal part of this festival and the place where the most people gathered.</p>

      <p>The audience who had finished watching the semifinals in the south area were just now leaving. As the crowds migrated to adjoining ships, they shared their impressions of the match. Among them were two men of muscle—the manager of a certain pub and Krowe, a swordsman who’d lost in the preliminary rounds—briefly touching on their own impressions of the fight before discussing what to do.</p>

      <p>“It’s over now. So then, boss, what’ll you do next?”</p>

      <p>“Hrm. There ain’t anything I’m itching to do, really. I mean, in the end, the kid you said beat you never showed up.”</p>

      <p>They had watched the matches of the Lorwen-Reaper team to see the girl with the brown skin and black hair who’d taken the preliminaries, but she had never actually appeared in those fights.</p>

      <p>“In her place, we got that absolute monster. What <em>is</em> he?”</p>

      <p>The young man who’d chaperoned her during the preliminaries had been the one to appear. Lorwen the Swordsman. Just recalling how his matches had played out made Krowe turn white in the face.</p>

      <p>“He’s gotta be the one to take the tourney,” said the manager, singing his praises unreservedly. “After seeing him in action? I just can’t imagine how he could possibly lose.”</p>

      <p>But his praise was born more of fearful awe than admiration. That was how epic and magnificent those fights had been.</p>

      <p>“You hang out at Valhuura every year, so I believe it, coming from you. If you ask me, something weird’s going on there.”</p>

      <p>Sure, Lorwen only started fighting after sufficiently ascertaining his opponent’s strength, but still, it was always a total curb stomp. Figuring there was no way Lorwen could lose in the finals, the two were starting to lose interest in the Brawl. Their thoughts on the tournament could be summed up as “something’s up with that swordsman” and “he’s strong.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, I don’t just ‘hang out’ here every year. Don’t make it sound like I’m skipping out on the pub for my jollies. Lyeen always takes off every year, so I’m forced to come along, that’s all.”</p>

      <p>“But you do enjoy it, don’t ya? Gets ya all amped up, remembering when you were a fighter.”</p>

      <p>“That goes for anybody who watches a match. It’s stimulating.”</p>

      <p>Every year, it wasn’t only Lyeen, poster girl of the pub, but also the manager who turned out to watch the fights. He told everyone it was just because a familiar face from the pub was participating, but everyone knew he was only there because he liked watching the matches.</p>

      <p>Krowe smiled wryly as he followed the manager. They were thinking of spending the night resting at their lodging since there were no more matches that day when it happened. Lyeen came running toward them from afar, her ponytail swinging.</p>

      <p>“Boss! Mr. Krowe!” It was rare for her to shout this loud without caring about how it looked.</p>

      <p>“Hm? What’s the matter?” asked Krowe. “Didn’t ya tell us you were gonna tour the north area with your friend?”</p>

      <p>“About that! So, don’t freak out, okay? I saw something you won’t <em>believe!”</em> she said, talking as she was still catching her breath.</p>

      <p>“We’re not the ones freaking out. Catch your breath and then tell us.”</p>

      <p>Lyeen did so, breathing deeply in and out, in and out before continuing. “So, listen to this. You remember the black-haired kid who was with us about a month ago? Sieg. You both remember him?”</p>

      <p>“I do,” said the manager. “I remember him. That real polite newbie, right?”</p>

      <p>Krowe was next to reply. “You mean the guy who, as soon as we learned was wanted, up and disappeared, right? The guy who was so talented I wanted him in my party.”</p>

      <p>Their opinion of him was high. So much so that they’d discussed his talents deep into the night before.</p>

      <p>“Looks like he’s entered the tourney,” said Lyeen. “In fact, he just won the north area semifinals.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, <em>what?!</em>” they both replied.</p>

      <p>That reaction was only natural. The boy they knew as Sieg was a diver who, a month or so ago, had barely escaped the very first floor of the Dungeon, with a severe burn to show for it. The image of him in their heads was one of a latently talented but down-on-his-luck kid. Not exactly the kind you’d want to see in the Brawl, where even the most experienced Dungeon divers found it difficult to so much as earn the right to participate. They’d both tried their hand at the Brawl before, so they found what Lyeen told them hard to believe.</p>

      <p>“I swear it’s true! I saw him!”</p>

      <p>“But you remember, don’t you? This is the kid who fled to the pub after barely escaping the Dungeon alive a month ago?”</p>

      <p>“But he won the match! And he was incredibly strong too! He was so fast I could hardly track him!”</p>

      <p>Lyeen explained what had happened during the match in halting speech, still all keyed up. Krowe and the manager had no choice but to check the Brawl materials they had on them—they’d known Lyeen for a long time and she was no liar or teller of tall tales. Yet Sieg’s name wasn’t listed.</p>

      <p>“Uh...I don’t see his name here.”</p>

      <p>“About that! It was kinda like he had amnesia or something! Or that was the vibe! He’s going by ‘Aikawa Kanami’ now! So Sieg was only ever an alias after all!”</p>

      <p>She’d suspected “Sieg” had been using an alias, and so had the other two, so they couldn’t say she was wrong on account of his name. Sometimes people were dead ringers for each other, so Krowe had to see the kid with his own eyes.</p>

      <p>“Okay, okay,” said Krowe. “Let’s go watch his match tomorrow and see for ourselves.”</p>

      <p>“I’m telling you, it’s true! He really was there! Honest!”</p>

      <p>The manager, meanwhile, was just looking up at the sky, a rare smile on his face. “The bastard’s done it...” The hunch he’d harbored when he’d picked “Sieg” up off the streets had been confirmed.</p>

      <p>“Boss, you need to go see for yourself too! It really was Sieg!”</p>

      <p>“I will, I will. I’m gonna go see him.”</p>

      <p>And so it was decided that all three of them would go to watch the Brawl finals.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>“He looked at us! Just now! He totally looked at us!”</p>

      <p>The finals. There wasn’t a cloud in the sky, and “Sieg” stepped into the arena to the deafening din of cheering.</p>

      <p>“Look at him,” the manager gasped.</p>

      <p>The clothes the boy was wearing were incomparably more extravagant than when they’d first met. According to the presenter’s comments, it seemed the kid was the master of a guild in a neighboring country, and a dragon slayer at that—news that left them astonished. What the hell had he gotten up to in a month’s time?</p>

      <p>Lyeen stood up, shouting in high spirits. “He bowed at us! He looked us in the eyes! There’s no doubt about it, it’s him!”</p>

      <p>The other two had to admit it. They’d never forgotten his face.</p>

      <p>“Boss,” said Krowe, trembling. “You remember?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Now that you mention, I do recall you saying you’d team up with the newbie and take the Brawl.”</p>

      <p>“No, not that! I’m saying, do you remember the lad’s abilities?! Remember how we were saying back in the pub that he could hack it in the Brawl?!”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, I know. But who could’ve guessed in a million years that’s exactly what would happen?”</p>

      <p>They never could have imagined it would take one measly month. That was why Krowe was shivering.</p>

      <p>The manager, who’d low-key seen this coming, watched the boy calmly. “Well, coming here to cheer him on certainly paid off, no mistake there.”</p>

      <p>Krowe recalled what a fierce spectacle yesterday’s match had been. “Boss, ya think the laddie’s got what it takes to beat that insane Lorwen Arrace guy?”</p>

      <p>“It ain’t about if he can win or not. There’s only one thing we oughta do.”</p>

      <p>“You’re right. Ha ha, no need to overthink things!”</p>

      <p>This was the Brawl. A match was starting. And before their eyes stood the waiter boy. He’d once been part of the pub family. They’d chatted with him before, smiled and laughed with him before. What else was there to do?</p>

      <p>“Listen, sonny!” screamed Krowe. “We’re rooting for you!”</p>

      <p>“Let’s see how far you can go, newbie!” said the manager.</p>

      <p>“You can do it, Sieg!”</p>

      <p>The presenter announced the start of the match, and so began the finals for young Sieg—no, for young Aikawa Kanami, watched intently by so many of the folks he’d met in this world...</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>