<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1"><div class="main">
      <p>The unavoidable attack disarmed me, sending my Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword flying through the air.</p>

      <p>My defensive stance had been flawless. I’d been focusing all my attention and preparing for the attack. If you asked me, I’d have been able to see it coming within a hundred-millionth of a second. And yet Lorwen’s swing made a mockery of my determination, snatching the sword right from my hand. Whatever happened slipped past my powers of perception. He’d attacked from outside my field of awareness, which was the most ideal move to beat the swordsman named Aikawa Kanami. If I couldn’t see it happen, I couldn’t even learn from it.</p>

      <p>My sword fell from above, sticking into the crystal-covered ground. That was the moment when our knock-the-weapon sword duel came to a close. A moment of silence followed, as if time had frozen. Then the audience cheered when they saw my sword.</p>

      <p>The presenter, who was watching the match from outside the barrier, shouted in response, “Is... Is that the match, folks?! One second, we’re watching the greatest of sword fights, and the next second, what should come to be in our arena but a world more fantastical than any spell?! And following the clashing of two streaks of light, the moment we’re led to think they’re taking a breather, Mr. Kanami’s blade is sent flying!”</p>

      <p>But nobody was more shocked than I was. Lorwen had just called that technique a spell.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What was that—”</p>

      <p>“It was my magic... I never said I can’t use magic, ya know. It’s true I don’t care for it, though.”</p>

      <p>“That was magic? For real?”</p>

      <p>He hadn’t used any magic energy. I was sure of it. And that meant that he’d reached those heights through his body alone.</p>

      <p>“That’s what it ends up turning into, apparently. I’m not a huge fan of calling it ‘magic’ myself, but the Founder who gave birth to magic called it that, and I’ve gotta call it what it is.”</p>

      <p>This was a different animal from the magic I’d learned about in this world. Sure, this world ignored the physical laws that bound mine, but magic still conformed to its own set of rules. And one of those rules was that spells were crafted using magic energy. But that assumption had been turned on its head. Lorwen had paid the cost through his incantation. Could it be that as long as a price was paid, magic energy wasn’t necessary? Or maybe magic energy was just one form of payment?</p>

      <p>There I was, dwelling on it despite being in the middle of a match. And I asked my opponent about its workings without reservation. “How the hell... How do you do it without magic energy?”</p>

      <p>“All I did was swing my sword as Responsiveness and my training-tempered body told me. This is the end point a swordfighter can reach. The final destination of the art of the blade,” he said proudly and somewhat pretentiously.</p>

      <p>I understood his words, but I couldn’t understand what he was saying. Perhaps he didn’t have the most accurate grasp of that spell himself. There was a chance he didn’t think about it on a deeper level than <em>if you plug away at it, you can do it.</em></p>

      <p>I chose not to pursue it and just glowered at him—first, I’d take him to task for concealing that third secret technique from me. “Lorwen. You didn’t tell me about that little trick when we were in the Dungeon together.”</p>

      <p>“Aww, c’mon. There was nothing to say; it’s just swinging the sword really fast. I did teach you the basics of the sideways strike, didn’t I? Anybody can do it if they put their mind to it. It ain’t like I <em>hid</em> it from you.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, really? But you did fancy catching me off guard with it during the match, didn’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Urgh... That I can’t deny...”</p>

      <p>Lorwen averted his eyes. As always, he was so kidlike in his sense of honesty. It was perfectly acceptable for a fighter to hide their moves. Besides, these were the secret techniques of a proud school of the blade. Transmitting any of those secrets to one pupil was more than enough, and yet he was all disconcerted.</p>

      <p>“I was joking, man,” I clarified. “In any case, it looks like I just lost the duel to that move. That was some truly fantastic swordplay. You win. Sucks for me, but you can hold on to the title of Blademaster.”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, as if you ever wanted that title to begin with. Come off it.”</p>

      <p>This marked the end of our prematch exhibition. It was time for the true battle to begin. I screamed at the top of my lungs so that my voice could reach every corner. “That settles it! I acknowledge that Lorwen Arrace beat me at knocking the weapon! In a battle of blades, I, Aikawa Kanami, cannot beat him! He’s the strongest Blademaster in all the land! In all of history!”</p>

      <p>The audience was abuzz. Most of them had come to see the moment when I, the hero, surpassed Lorwen to become both the Blademaster and the undisputed strongest. The fact that I’d given up on that title so easily must have left them less than satisfied. Yet since I was the one who had made those remarks, no one could rightly complain.</p>

      <p>Gradually, the people in the stands began to accept him, whispering among themselves that Lorwen was indeed the current Blademaster. Although word had it that he was, in fact, a monster, they were definitely recognizing that his sword skills were the real deal. People who had dabbled in the blade before praised Lorwen as their fellow, and those who had made their coin Dungeon diving were clearly excited by the prospect of having him join their parties. Even those in power commented that they had no choice but to admit that no swordfighter was stronger than him.</p>

      <p>Little by little—and I do mean little by little—Lorwen’s name was increasingly being shouted among all the cheering. And in the end, a voice repeatedly shouting his name welled up from somewhere in the stadium. That passion was contagious; it spread throughout the stands, and gradually, the entire arena came to praise “Blademaster Lorwen.” The cheers poured down on him, and Lorwen basked in it like the light of the sun. The Blademaster who’d defeated his worthiest challenger was rewarded with thunderous applause. And what could one call that spectacle but the pinnacle of glory and prestige? The putative desire that Lorwen had been talking about for so long had come true. But despite all that glory, he remained the same as always. He even looked a little forlorn and lonely. He smiled calmly, then crossly, and finally, wryly.</p>

      <p>“I knew it. This ain’t it.”</p>

      <p>“See? You were barking up the wrong tree, Lorwen.”</p>

      <p>It was a foregone conclusion. Lorwen himself had been on the cusp of reaching that truth since before the finals. I’d pointed it out, and he’d admitted it. The end. He had no more room to argue with ifs or maybes—glory wasn’t what he truly desired, and that was a fact. Somebody else had pushed that desire on him. It was never his own ambition.</p>

      <p>“All right, then, what <em>is</em> my true desire?” he asked with a serious expression. “Do tell, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>That question lay at the heart of our fight. I replied with the same look on my face as him. “Let’s carry on. You’ll see for yourself soon enough.”</p>

      <p>Just like before, it wasn’t anything that could be expressed in mere words.</p>

      <p>“I’ll see for myself, huh? Very well, my friend. Guess we carry on fighting, then. And this time, it’ll be a proper no-holds-barred death match.” That punched a hole in the peace; those words lit the tinderbox fuse.</p>

      <p>“It’s true that in a battle of blades, I’m no match for you just now...but don’t go thinking this match is over. You haven’t beaten me yet.”</p>

      <p>“Yep, I know. Don’t hold back, Kanami. Fight me with everything you’ve got. Otherwise the match won’t be exciting enough.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t mind if I do. I’m going to show you my true mettle, not as a swordsman or as the hero, but as Aikawa Kanami, Dungeon diver.”</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll respond in kind. I’m gonna give it my all as Lorwen the swordsman.”</p>

      <p>He gripped his sword tight, the ardor he emanated as sharp as any edge. I didn’t bother looking at my fallen sword, instead focusing every ounce of attention on the magic energy in our bodies.</p>

      <p>“It... It seems the fight rages on, folks!” announced the presenter. “They did decide on a death match ruleset, so that poses no issue! Mr. Kanami might have admitted defeat as his student in the blade, but he hasn’t conceded the match outright! I heard that he gained fame as the guildmaster of Epic Seeker not through his swordsmanship, but through his ice and detection magic! That is to say, he hasn’t shown his stuff quite yet! Now then, can Kanami the Hero surpass Blademaster Lorwen?!”</p>

      <p>That roused the crowd even more. The cheers for Lorwen were turning into cheers for me; their “hero” had yet to cut loose. How laughable, their fickleness. I didn’t want this inane “glory” bullshit, and I’d rather blow chunks than be their stupid hero. I sneered at them all with an expression unbecoming of a knight or a swordfighter, much less the hero.</p>

      <p>“Let’s do this, Lorwen. It’s my turn to show you my field of expertise.”</p>

      <p>Unarmed, I crafted my magic. I paid the stands no more mind, my thoughts set on a single question—how to defeat the man before my eyes.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Freeze.</em>”</p>

      <p>First, I converted the magic energy in my body into cold air, which crawled across the whitened ground, lowering the temperature of the arena. Energy so thick it was visible swirled around me, and I could see my breath as the world gradually succumbed to winter’s grip. I fetched not a sword but a large mantle from my inventory, and clad myself in the baggy, loose-fitting, filthy cloak.</p>

      <p>Any way you sliced it, I was no longer a swordsman. I checked my menu one last time.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】<br/>NAME: AIKAWA KANAMI<br/>HP: 293/293<br/>MP: 632/751-100<br/>CLASS: Diver<br/>LEVEL 17<br/>STR 9.72<br/>VIT 10.91<br/>DEX 13.09<br/>AGI 16.72<br/>INT 14.45<br/>MAG 38.17<br/>APT 7.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Confusion 7.22</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【SKILLS】<br/>INNATE SKILLS: Swordplay 3.12, Ice Magic 2.56+1.10</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Martial Arts 1.55, Dimensional Magic 5.23+0.10, Responsiveness 1.82, Thought Streams 1.45, Knitting 1.07</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>???: ???</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>???: ???</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Somebody with stats like those should never have been fighting fairly to begin with. Hunting monsters by any means, fair or foul—that was how I was meant to fight. Sneaking in hits using magic was where I truly shined.</p>

      <p><em>Meet the one who aims for the deepest level. Meet Aikawa Kanami, Dungeon diver.</em></p>

      <p>“<em>The winter world robs the wanderer of all,”</em> I incanted.</p>

      <p>And with that, the world began to freeze over.</p>

      <p>“You using sheer cold on me? Chilling the air with your magic energy?” asked Lorwen, brandishing his sword in a state of high alert.</p>

      <p>While he didn’t know much of anything about magic, I figured Responsiveness had to be clueing him in to the sort of magic I was working. He understood instantly that <em>Freeze</em> was a spell for lowering the temperature.</p>

      <p>I kept on polishing the spell while he stood and watched, my MP ticking down before my eyes. I was expending excessive amounts against a single opponent, but there was no such thing as overkill against Lorwen, and I was releasing enough energy to kill an ordinary person precisely because I knew that. I could only put up a fight against him by aiming for his life. Otherwise I’d be battling at less than my full potential. Burning through a whole load of magic energy from a zone of safety and clinching the battle before they could get too close. Gathering information, making preemptive moves, and killing the enemy without letting them do anything—the absolute basics of being a combat mage.</p>

      <p>“Cold magic... Not sure I know the ins and outs, but I reckon it ain’t the kinda thing I can let happen!”</p>

      <p>The temperature was showing no sign of stabilizing, so Lorwen sprang into action. Using Magic Energy Materialization, he lengthened his blade and fired a slash at me while I was busy with my spell. I wrenched myself out of the way and fell back, although his Magic Energy Materialization made retreating kind of pointless. Then again, it did take a modicum of time for the blade to stretch places, and it was to buy me those precious split seconds that I continued to distance myself. I wasn’t counterattacking, so Lorwen fired off slash after slash. I managed to handle the onslaught through not only Responsiveness, courtesy of my swordsman side, but also <em>Dimension</em>, courtesy of my mage side.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Dimension: Calculash!</em> Spellcast: <em>Wintermension!</em>”</p>

      <p>I tracked the trajectory of Lorwen’s blade via my dimensional magic, dodging it and dodging it like I could predict the future. Then I grabbed a bunch of pouches and flasks and things from my inventory, placing them where I anticipated his blade would cross. Sure enough, Lorwen’s sword cut through those objects, inadvertently spilling their contents all over the ground. And what had been in them? Water. It was the bucket loads of water I’d brought with me to deal with the heat of the zone around Floor 23 in the Dungeon, and I kept taking more of it out of my inventory to soak the field of battle.</p>

      <p>“Water? Oh, I get it.”</p>

      <p>After a moment’s thought, he cottoned on to my intentions, likely because he’d seen me use <em>Wintermension: Frost</em> to freeze a fountain when I’d battled Liner. I continued gaining distance on Lorwen while increasing the number of puddles on the ground. I wasn’t going to attack until victory was assured, and my first priority was adding to the arena’s water content and moisture. I took a water barrel out of my inventory and smashed it open.</p>

      <p>“It’d be a shame to waste the finals arena! I’m gonna use the whole battleground, Lorwen!” I used more magic energy on the water.</p>

      <p>“Good!” he replied merrily. “No holding back on me!”</p>

      <p>I didn’t plan to; I went ahead and constructed a fresh ice spell without hesitation. It was a first-time spell, but I was confident it would work. It was inspired by the domain-ruling spells that I’d seen Reaper and Alty cast. This magic wasn’t meant to boost me. Rather, it was meant to hamper the enemy, and that was the image I had in my head as I crafted my domain.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>World of Winter!</em>”</p>

      <p>The water flowing from the broken barrel spiked up as a pillar of ice, which grew countless spreading branches and scattered ice particles all around. The ice tree caused the temperature inside the arena to drop precipitously.</p>

      <p>“So you made the field itself your ally, huh? But that won’t be enough to beat me!” He attempted to close the distance as he deflected the ice particles in the air and avoided the puddles on the ground.</p>

      <p>“Oh, it will. You rely on your sword, and there’s lots you can’t cut. I just need to weaponize that.”</p>

      <p>Not even he could cut the cold away. Unable to stop the temperature from dropping, a large quantity of ice particles were sticking to his body. Just like in an RPG, the swordfighter’s defense against magic was lacking, but his physical prowess was peak. I scattered more water and more cold as I ran, and he was in hot pursuit, swinging his blade all the while. I retrieved a replacement sword and a lengthy, freshly bought whip from my inventory before crafting some off-the-cuff magic. “Spellcast: <em>Ice Flamberge Whip</em>.”</p>

      <p>While diverting Lorwen’s slash using the sword in my left hand, I swung the whip in my right. He managed to dodge, but it did take him aback.</p>

      <p>“An ice whip?!”</p>

      <p>I messily swung the whip all over the place, attacking indiscriminately. It was counterintuitive, but against an opponent who could use Responsiveness, aiming my attacks made them easier for my opponent to dodge. That meant I needed to attack in such a way that even I didn’t know where my blows would land. If I was lucky enough for the whip to graze him, I could peel his skin by freezing the wound.</p>

      <p>“You honestly thought I’d fight using only swords when I know that’s a losing battle?! I ain’t no hero, and I’m not some honor bound swordsman either! I’m a diver, and I fight dirty!” I cried.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, talk about an unworthy pupil!”</p>

      <p>He dodged all the whip attacks by tracking them with his eyes. A few seconds later, he devised a new Arrace School sword technique on the spot, which could counter the whip. He clearly perceived the whip’s trajectory and easily sliced it in two. No matter—I had replacement whips. I didn’t fear losing any of my swords, spears, axes, hammers, throwing knives, or bows and arrows. I didn’t need to. That was a forte of Dungeon diver Aikawa Kanami. Making use of a wide variety of weapons, I bought time and got every drop of water out of my inventory. I’d packed enough water to survive for days and days in the Dungeon, and it was enough to fill a pond and then some. Yet it still wasn’t enough.</p>

      <p>“Just a little more!”</p>

      <p>Using not Responsiveness but <em>Dimension</em>, I was always striving for a certain <em>number</em>. It was the only thing I needed to count not by instinct, but by using my knowledge of math and science.</p>

      <p>“What’s that mean, ‘just a little more’?!”</p>

      <p>“Just a little more and it’s checkmate!”</p>

      <p>Lorwen smiled gleefully. “Can’t have that! I’ll just give you no time to do anything!”</p>

      <p>“Augh! Spellcast: <em>Blizzardmension!</em> Spellcast: <em>Ice Flamberge!</em>”</p>

      <p>Honest to a fault, Lorwen believed what I said and closed in on me excitedly. Paying the ice particles in the air no mind, he drew closer and stretched out his blade. I discarded the whip I was hardly experienced in using and intercepted him with a sword and my most powerful spell. It was just like when I’d frozen Raggie’s sword in the past. The instant our swords locked, I transmitted the cold and froze his energy blade solid.</p>

      <p>Suddenly unable to expand or retract via Magic Energy Materialization, Lorwen was astonished and delighted. “Ohhh! So that’s how that goes!”</p>

      <p>“Yep, that’s how that goes!”</p>

      <p>Grasping the principle behind my trick, he responded by breaking off the tip of the frozen sword. His body had dealt with the problem before the surprise even registered. His ability to roll with the punches was out of this world, and his handling of my whip was only Exhibit A. I’d leveled up enough to understand why—I had his Responsiveness skill to blame for all this. It was what accelerated his capacity to cope, and by extension, his growth rate.</p>

      <p>“I’ll just stop coming into contact with the sword!” Lorwen announced.</p>

      <p>“That’d be helping me out big time!”</p>

      <p>Now wary of the freezing effect, Lorwen’s force of impact weakened a tiny bit. Truly, it was only by a teensy-weensy bit, and to him, fighting while avoiding sword-on-sword contact was no big handicap. I had no doubt that in next to no time, he’d be able to devise an Arrace School technique mode tailored to fighting the <em>Ice Flamberge</em>.</p>

      <p>But that little bit was enough. I just needed a little more time. The humidity and temperature were already sufficient. I could tell that the battlefield, sealed off by the best barrier in the Alliance, was becoming the world I desired more and more. The dip in temperature, the greater moisture—the preconditions for the world of my design could only happen here, in this place, at this time. A world different from the world showed to me through his swordsmanship, but I nevertheless believed it would be comparable to it.</p>

      <p>As I endured Lorwen’s ferocious attacks, I put the finishing touches on the spell I’d been constructing. My ice magic acted upon the air above and tinkered with the temperature, the water in the air gradually freezing. This could work. It was theoretically possible on a battlefield at most hundreds of meters in diameter. This was not <em>Blizzardmension</em>, which emitted an absurd amount of cold for only an instant. Instead, I was building a world of omnipresent winter. <em>World of Winter</em> was the next step in <em>Wintermension</em>’s evolution.</p>

      <p>At last, the moisture in the air crystallized and began to fall to the ground. Snow over the arena. White gradually filled my field of vision; it was an illusory landscape that wouldn’t last past today, but no one could argue that the world hadn’t turned to winter.</p>

      <p>“T-Tiarlay?” said Lorwen in amazement, taking some of the white crystalline precipitation in his hands. Tiarlay was “snow” made of magic energy.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s just snow. Never seen any?”</p>

      <p>“I mean, yeah, I guess, but...I can’t believe it. Who could’ve guessed I’d see any in a place like this... Usually you only see snow in the northern reaches of the continent.”</p>

      <p>“Glad to hear it. So, this world’s got snow too, huh? Everybody’s always going on about tiarlay...I thought maybe snow didn’t exist in this world.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’ve seen some before. Takes me back... This really takes me back, man...” He gazed upon the falling powder lovingly. He took the scarf off his arm and put it around his neck, pointing his sword my way. “This is your most powerful spell?”</p>

      <p>“Uh-huh. You lose, Lorwen.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll bite! Allow me to cut that confidence to ribbons head-on. My Arrace sword bears a blade that can rend all magic.”</p>

      <p>He was clearly having fun. While I was focusing on trying to hit him the sneaky way, he was still intent on fighting me head-on. I loved how honest and scrupulous he was. He hadn’t lost his pride as a human, and he was tackling me head-on as a human would. He was dazzling, radiant.</p>

      <p>I loved the guy.</p>

      <p>“The battlefield’s on my side. I can even beat you at a sword duel now.” I picked up my Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword from the ground and lengthened its blade using Magic Power Freezing. Returning the other sword to my inventory, I moved to close the distance, confident that victory was mine. We’d chatted enough; it was time for the battle to resume.</p>

      <p>Lorwen likewise tried to extend his sword in my direction, but his arm stopped on the way to me, the magic energy composing the blade cracking and creaking as it solidified. We hadn’t even touched swords and yet his had frozen anyway. Such was the power of <em>World of Winter</em>. My freezing magic could be activated anytime and anywhere within its range, so my sword alone extended the whole way, leaving him with no choice but to fight defensively.</p>

      <p>Puzzled though he was, he quickly laughed it off. The look on his face screamed, <em>I’m beating you without Magic Energy Materialization.</em> Employing a distinctive gait, he managed to forge forward as he brushed aside my sword.</p>

      <p>I could not let that stand either. I’d already laid the perfect trap. “<em>The winter world speeds up,”</em> I said, incanting as my heart directed.</p>

      <p>The temperature of the world dropped even lower, gentle winds blowing amid the heavy snowfall. The now-dense white piled up between us, taking away our view of one another. Yet Lorwen, grasping my position through Responsiveness, forged ahead regardless. Just as expected. The below-freezing air was gnawing away at him, a mass of ice crystals sticking to his skin.</p>

      <p>“<em>Winter robs the wanderer of all.”</em></p>

      <p>The cold crept in, sucking the body heat away from Lorwen’s legs all at once. I wasn’t hindering his movement via <em>Blizzardmension</em>’s direct control over vibration. No, I was simply cooling him down. The end result, however, was the same. In the midst of extreme cold, all living things invariably slowed down. Lorwen felt something was amiss with his legs and stopped in his tracks.</p>

      <p>“Wha?! This is...”</p>

      <p>It seemed Responsiveness had clued him into what I was preparing and its effects.</p>

      <p>“It’s too late. Even if you understand it, you can’t defend against it,” I warned him.</p>

      <p>“Nah, this is weak sauce. I can still...” Lorwen mustered his strength in his shivering legs and started running through the snow. But it was a vicious cycle. The more he ran, the more snow stuck to him. It was the same as my battle against Tida—the more I’d fought, the more its shadow-liquid had adhered to me.</p>

      <p>“First, I take your legs.”</p>

      <p>I poured in magic energy and manipulated the snow that was stuck to him, intensifying the cold, and his body cooled down more and more. He was already well past the point a human would be physically able to move. Yet he continued to fight, and as a human, at that. As a fellow human, he pushed past all human limits, running through the blizzard as he shouted.</p>

      <p>“KANAMIIIII!!!”</p>

      <p>No letting my guard down. I took a whip out of my inventory and attacked from outside his sword’s reach. He dodged the attack from his blind spot, but the haphazardly undulating whip swung at him over and over, until at last, he managed to “block” it with the flat of his sword.</p>

      <p>If his body hadn’t been freezing over, he would have been able to respond using Arrace techniques. If his field of vision had been a little clearer, he might have been able to evade the attack in other ways. If his body temperature had been normal, he would have been able to cope with the situation with a clearer mind. But <em>World of Winter</em> would not allow for any of that, and a sword couldn’t fully block the attack of a bendy whip. As a result, the tip stuck to his body, if only for a fleeting moment. The impact of the strike wasn’t all that great, but when the ice whip left his skin, it peeled a bit of it off.</p>

      <p>He faltered. “Urgh!”</p>

      <p>Next, I swung my sword. Though he couldn’t lengthen his blade, mine was still effectively extendable. In fact, this world of cold only made my sword sharper. Lorwen sensed the attack through Responsiveness and retreated, narrowly avoiding the slash. I followed up with an ice whip strike; just like with a sword, the length could be adjusted using Magic Power Freezing. Lorwen was unassailable when it came to the blade, but he couldn’t fully dodge the whip’s random swings, and he got nicked more than once. The damage was light enough that peeling some skin off was all it did, but while the blows were hardly decisive, I stayed the course, keeping my distance as I froze his legs and chipped away at him little by little. Lorwen’s face betrayed how flustered this tactic was making him.</p>

      <p>“So cold... It’s eating away at my stamina...and look at all this blood!”</p>

      <p>A shadow of doubt was cast on the physical prowess that seemed so limitless. His body temperature had dipped even lower due to the blood loss, and his body was growing truly numb. The high-speed clashing in the early stages of the battle was now a distant memory. A wintertide world that could freeze even one’s breath was no place for Lorwen the Swordsman to thrive. My whip flayed his skin, causing him to bleed in even more places, and his weakened body received more and more sword gashes as well.</p>

      <p>Yet the light in his eyes never died. Still he searched for a road to victory. Still he moved, despite being wounded all over, never letting any of my hits be decisive. I gasped. Nobody would think someone could possibly turn the tables in this situation. But this was Lorwen we were talking about. I had a strange sort of faith in him. Faith that he, of all people, <em>could</em> do it, which was why I played it safe and kept my distance until the very end. We continued looking for openings of attack as we traded blows.</p>

      <p>Through <em>Dimension</em>, I picked up on Lorwen muttering something.</p>

      <p>“...leave...behind...”</p>

      <p>He must have been going for that unavoidable slash from before. But I was confident that, in these conditions, I could defend myself against it. In order to do so, I wove a new spell, while Lorwen continued incanting as he staggered. His next stroke would probably be his last. If I could just survive this, victory was mine.</p>

      <p>His incantation ended, his sword glinted, and then, in that instant... “Argh!” he cried, startled and distressed.</p>

      <p>He stuck his sword into the ground. This form of suffering was different from feeling faint due to a lower inner body temperature, and of course, it was different from falling to his knees from all the punishment he’d taken. The kind of anguish overwhelming him was a different beast, one whose identity I knew thanks to <em>Dimension</em>. Lorwen’s skin was gradually hardening, with crystals beginning to sprout from under the slashes and gashes. From the roots to the tips, his hair was shifting from chestnut to white, and his pupils were changing shape. I intuited that this must be the “monsterification” he’d spoken of before. Little by little, his humanity was fading away, despite how desperately he was resisting his slow transformation.</p>

      <p>I wasn’t the only witness to his metamorphosis. Naturally, the crowd was more than a little shaken at the sight. Moments ago, they had been extolling him as the Blademaster, but seeing him turn into a monster with their own eyes changed the script. What bubbled up first was instinctive fear. The cheering died down, replaced by anxious murmuring. Some even low-key shrieked when they saw him monsterify. Their words of criticism ramped up until reaching a scathing crescendo as they castigated Lorwen the monster; many were even calling for him to be disqualified or killed.</p>

      <p>I turned my attention to the presenter and tournament organizers, who seemed too befuddled to do anything anytime soon. So I weakened <em>World of Winter</em> and closed the distance between me and Lorwen—I refused to let this match get called off.</p>

      <p>“Lorwen! Over here!”</p>

      <p>“Ka...na...miiii!!!” he shouted, warped pupils glaring my way after hearing me call his name and seeing me come closer.</p>

      <p>All I could do to preempt the match being called off was play-act a stirring climax, purposely abandoning my position a safe distance away and bringing it back to a sword fight.</p>

      <p>He reflexively swung his sword, and I blocked the blow with mine; sparks of pure white flashed over the stage made silvery by all the crystals. My Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword emitted a blue glow while Lorwen’s Mithril Sword emitted a red glow. The twin streaks of light clashed over and over again, tracing a dreamlike work of art in the air. Unlike last time, however, Lorwen wasn’t pushing me back. Hindered by all his handicaps, he was the one on the back foot now. The atmosphere in the stands started changing again. The moment they realized that I had the upper hand, the booing subsided. Then they roared with wild enthusiasm, every eye trained on us lest they miss the deciding blow. Everybody wanted me to take down the monster, and my name filled every corner of the arena.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Kanami has deployed his ice magic,” said the presenter, “and now he’s driving Mr. Lorwen back against the wall in close-quarters combat, which was the latter’s specialty! This is what the hero Aikawa Kanami is made of! Now, <em>this</em> is Lady Snow’s knight! Watch as he governs this jaw-dropping world of winter! He truly is a <em>knight of snow!</em>”</p>

      <p>Clearly, this guy really, really wanted to associate me with a lady. What garbage was he spewing now? Yet his crowd work proved stupendously effective; the spectators were all shouting “Kanami the hero! Kanami the hero!”</p>

      <p>“Kill the monster, Kanami, hero of Laoravia!”</p>

      <p>“The Snow Knight’s gonna take down that Dungeon guardian!”</p>

      <p>“We’re almost there! We’ll be witnessing a moment for the history books in no time!”</p>

      <p>“That’s the dragon-slaying hero for ya!”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t exactly pleased to be hearing all the self-indulgent cheering, but it did serve my purpose at the moment. I rode the wave and continued driving Lorwen back. Swinging his sword deftly while simultaneously resisting his monsterification was next to impossible, even for him. His blows had no sharpness to them. He and I were so close that our faces almost touched and our swords crossed. Now was the time to tell him. The stage was fully set, and now our voices would reach him. Both my voice and <em>theirs.</em></p>

      <p>“Lorwen, strain your ears!”</p>

      <p>“Urgh! Wh-Whaddya want now?!”</p>

      <p>The whole arena was on the same page, everybody calling my name, so inflated were their hopes and expectations for the hero Kanami’s victory. And that was the very reason <em>their</em> voices could be heard. The voices that <em>didn’t</em> go with the vast, vast majority. They came from a corner of the stands, unswayed by the widespread fervor for the hero. They were simply concerned for their friend. This was <em>genuine</em> cheering.</p>

      <p>“Teach!”</p>

      <p>We’d heard these kids’ voices before.</p>

      <p>“You can do it, Teach!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t give in, Lorwen!”</p>

      <p>“I believe in you, Teach! You’ll find a way to win!”</p>

      <p>They were the orphans he’d taught the blade. They were there, in their corner of the stands, alongside the adults looking after them. Their cheers stood out against the tsunami of cheering for the hero. It took courage to root for the monster in such an atmosphere. Just by being a monster, Lorwen had incurred the enmity of so many of those present. Despite that, the kids cried out his name with abandon, screaming at the top of their lungs so as not to get drowned out. There was no self-interest or misunderstanding at play. They weren’t cheering for the monster or the Dungeon Guardian. They weren’t cheering for the Blademaster or the strongest. They were cheering for local nice guy Lorwen Arrace.</p>

      <p>“Please don’t die, mister!”</p>

      <p>“Use your super move, Teach! The one you told us about!”</p>

      <p>“You said no one could beat you at the blade, didn’t you?! I won’t forgive you if you lose!”</p>

      <p>Astonished to his core, Lorwen mustered his strength and deflected my sword before backing up. I spread my arms out and shouted. “You can hear ’em loud and clear now, can’t ya?!”</p>

      <p>There was no way he could mishear or fail to hear them now, given how strongly the rest of the stands were against him.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah...I can!”</p>

      <p>The pulsing of the power in his body became calmer, the ferocious, monsterlike frenzy he’d been fighting gradually subsiding. Lorwen looked at the children with a very affectionate expression. This time, I refused to let him lose sight of what was important. The night of the dragon quest. All his Brawl matches. When everyone was brownnosing him as the hero. All those times, Lorwen had never seen those children. The pursuit of glory had blinded him to what he actually cared about. But now that he’d lost the hero card thanks to his monsterification, he’d finally come upon it again. It was what he truly needed. His heart’s desire.</p>

      <p>“The kids are cheering for the likes of <em>me...</em> Even after seeing the state I’m in...”</p>

      <p>Lorwen shifted his gaze away from me completely, staring at the young pupils cheering him on. Meanwhile, his body was still monsterifying. Crystals were creeping out of his wounds, as if to exhort him not to give up. I stood by watchfully. Now it was all up to Lorwen and how he came to grips with things. But I was confident—I’d seen it before, after all. I’d seen him slowly weaken over time, and I very much remembered what conditions had caused it. The moment he’d weakened as a mighty Guardian was the time he’d taught me and the kids the art of the blade. I’d never been the only one who could sever his ties to this world. Those kids were able to as well. Lorwen had such tunnel vision for me, but it had been misguided. If he’d heard but one of the kids who’d accepted him for who he was cheering him on from a place of sincerity, I knew that would be all it took to clear away his lingering attachments. That was all Lorwen Arrace had ever required in order to feel satisfied. But due to how strong he was, he’d taken quite the circuitous detour to get to this point.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, you’re right... This was what I needed all along...”</p>

      <p>He acknowledged that his life had been one big detour. After attaining “glory,” he understood that. He’d learned that all an excess of dazzling light had ever done was rob him of what was important to him. And when he heard the kids’ voices, it dawned on him. He realized that his true desire had already been fulfilled.</p>

      <p>He flashed their corner of the stands a smile before facing me again and gripping his sword tighter. He poured all his strength into his swing and cast me off, shouting “I am who I am! I’m Lorwen Arrace!”</p>

      <p>As if driven away by all the shouting, the crystals forming on his body turned into particles of magic energy—tiarlay—and dispersed. His hair changed color as if aflame, becoming chestnut brown once more, and his pupils reverted to their original shape. The monster was turning back into Lorwen Arrace, swordsman.</p>

      <p>Actually, no. It wasn’t a total reversion—he was clearly more powerful than before. I didn’t need Responsiveness or <em>Dimension</em> to tell me that; simply glancing at him revealed that fact. Just like with me, Lorwen’s formerly riven mind and body were now as one. He was no longer mistaken about what he wanted, and he wasn’t dancing to anyone’s tune.</p>

      <p>Still covered in wounds, his body didn’t have enough blood or heat left. Now that he had severed what tied him here, his power as a Guardian was beginning to fade. He still couldn’t use Magic Energy Materialization, and his five senses, which enabled him to use Responsiveness, were on the verge of stupefaction. He was unsteady on his feet, frozen to the bone, barely able to even move. And yet despite all that, Lorwen’s current state must have been, in his eyes, him at his strongest. The look on his face was so sunny that I couldn’t help but think that the most powerful Blademaster in history was operating in the best condition of his life. He spoke with contentment, as though all his long-standing demons were now behind him.</p>

      <p>“Yeah...what I needed was never some storm of applause...” Lorwen scanned his surroundings with a jovial expression, reaffirming where he stood. “Just one of the little kids’ voices cheering me on was all it took to make me happy...”</p>

      <p>He stood there, soaking in what each one was shouting. This was the “true path” I’d wanted to show him, and this was the Lorwen I’d wanted to see. And now that he had his answer, he pointed his sword at me. There was neither hesitation nor panic there. His swordsman mien was more beautiful than anybody else’s, and I was upfront about how much I admired him. “They’re not the only ones rooting for you. You’ve got another fan of yours standing right here, Lorwen.”</p>

      <p>There was one more humble voice cheering him on to add to the modest pile. He smiled joyfully, like a little kid himself. “Thank you.”</p>

      <p>His gratitude had layers of meaning. He gave thanks to everything that had led him to this day, slowly driving his body forward one step at a time. The contours of his form were swaying, wavering. With his lingering attachments now gone, his Guardian might was weakening, and what little magic energy he possessed was going up like so much smoke.</p>

      <p>“Now that I have my answer, my ties to this life are disappearing...”</p>

      <p>Yet he pressed on regardless. Clearly, he had zero intention of going <em>gently </em>into that good night. He would fight as a swordsman—and as the orphans’ cherished instructor—to the end. Spurred on by their innocent cheering, he was trying to live up to their expectations. He’d fight till he died.</p>

      <p>“Finally! At long, long last, I’m finally dead!”</p>

      <p>He was starting to disappear in earnest, and he was losing both power and speed, but I didn’t let my guard down. How could I, when he was without a doubt the strongest he’d ever been?</p>

      <p>Lorwen stepped within sword range and, burning through the last of his torch fuel, he swung his blade. I took it head-on.</p>

      <p>“My body’s all cold! My consciousness is drifting away! So, this is death, huh?! This is my <em>life’s mission! </em>Might as well give my life for it!”</p>

      <p>His footsteps kicked up the translucent crystals scattered on the ground.</p>

      <p>“This feels so nice! As we speak, I’m achieving my own true wish for my own satisfaction! If it’s for kids cheering me on, I’ll give up my very life without a second thought! Dying didn’t feel this nice the first time around! It wasn’t enough! Only after dying <em>again</em> am I able to understand the true meaning of a life’s mission!”</p>

      <p>As our blades were crossed, I experienced all that was Lorwen. I was there to hear him, to grant his wish.</p>

      <p>“What I wanted was never titles like ‘the hero’ or ‘the strongest,’ or for the House of Arrace to thrive! I never needed silly shit like glory! A more modest ray of light was more than enough!”</p>

      <p>We both put every ounce of strength into our blades. The same slash of steel, clashing from the same angle of attack. The force of the impact sent us both backward.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Kanami. I have my answer. I truly know what I wanted all this time...”</p>

      <p>His physical form was flickering in a state of flux. He was beginning to turn incorporeal as the stuff that made him continued to fluctuate. He didn’t have much time left.</p>

      <p>Sensing the battle was ending, he recited his incantation, this time successfully. “<em>I leave you behind, world.</em>”</p>

      <p>Lorwen poured the whole of his life into the incantation, intent on leaving his mark on it all. He was going to try putting on one last show through his greatest technique.</p>

      <p>“This is the end, Kanami. And because it’s the end, as a teacher of the blade, I can’t lose here! I need to live up to the kids’ expectations, and yours too, so it’s time I give this everything I’ve got!”</p>

      <p>“Of course, Lorwen. These are the finals of the Brawl! No holding back! That’s the only way the fight can light a fire in people, right?!”</p>

      <p><em>“You’re the one who rejected me first, world. That is why I shall live by the blade!”</em></p>

      <p><em>“The world of winter speeds up. Winter robs the wanderer of all!”</em></p>

      <p>Our incantations overlapped, and the world warped around us. A power to go beyond the rules underpinning the world resided in Lorwen’s sword. He was going to exert himself to his utmost and unleash the greatest sword swing of his life.</p>

      <p>In order to defend against it, I’d have to exert myself to the limit and craft the greatest spell of my life. The spell would be a combination of everything in my arsenal, from <em>Ice</em> to <em>Freeze</em> to <em>Dimension</em> to <em>Form</em> to <em>Connection</em> to Swordplay to Martial Arts to Magic Power Freezing to Thought Streams to Responsiveness.</p>

      <p>First, I generated countless bubbles of dimensional magic through <em>Form</em>, filling them with <em>Dimension</em>, <em>Connection</em>, and Magic Power Freezing. A <em>Snowmension</em> filled with the flotilla of spell-bubbles slipped in through the cover of the blizzard. Needless to say, I also mixed in a not inconsiderable number of decoy <em>Form</em> bubbles as well. Pure white encroached upon the world awash in <em>Snowmension</em>. The mass of snow formed a veritable wall blocking his vision, though he swung his sword without a moment’s pause.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Fon A Wraith!</em>”</p>

      <p>“Unleashing all spells! Spellcast: <em>Wintermension: Niflheim!!!</em>”</p>

      <p>Our spells were complete. Instantly, Lorwen’s unavoidable blow cut its way to me. The rending slash concluded before I could even recognize it was happening. However, what that blade hit wasn’t my body. All he’d cut was one of the <em>Snowmension</em>s. The deluge of <em>Form</em> bubbles made the blizzard world warm and distorted beyond recognition. At this rate, he’d never be able to grasp my position, no matter how hard he tried to perceive the world around him through Responsiveness, which had lost track of me. And still...</p>

      <p>“It ain’t over yet!” howled Lorwen. “It ain’t over, Kanamiii!!!”</p>

      <p>He proceeded to use his ultimate move, <em>Fon A Wraith,</em> over and over again: slashes I couldn’t see coming, cutting through space they shouldn’t be able to reach. The next object to get sliced instead of me was an ice mirror I’d composed using <em>Form </em>and Magic Power Freezing to present a misleading false image of me. The unavoidable slash missed twice, but far from discouraged, Lorwen just kept slashing away, firing one <em>Fon A Wraith </em>after the other in a boisterous dance, as if to say he fully expected this much resistance from an opponent of my caliber.</p>

      <p>Without a sound, the snow and mirrors burst with each hit. Many mirrors broke, their ice shards scattering. The person-shaped snow sculpture I had prepared was sliced clean in half as well, and all the floating bubbles burst in an instant. The undetectable slashes were countless in number, rending my winter-world to pieces.</p>

      <p>With the cold eating away at his body, he must have lost all feeling in his limbs by now, and his consciousness had to be hazy at best. Even so, in his bid to get his blade to reach me, he swung and swung and swung again, in a nigh-on insane and yet somehow <em>heartfelt</em> onslaught. It looked like he was having a blast. He was currently living out the most fulfilling moment of his life; he was in such high spirits you could tell at a glance.</p>

      <p>However, as is always the case, even the happiest times must come to an end, and this showdown was coming to a close. A <em>Form</em> bubble filled with <em>Connection</em>, the pinnacle of spatial distortion magic, popped behind Lorwen, forming a gateway in an instant. I waited for that instant to pass through the <em>Connection</em> portal I’d previously set up nearby. Through that masterful gambit, I managed to take his back.</p>

      <p>Since he’d lost my position within the blizzard, Lorwen couldn’t react in time. As a result, my Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword thrust right behind his heart. Everything in the arena stood still, as if time had stopped. He was taken aback, but then he understood. He realized that while his own sword had failed to reach me, mine had reached him. He undid his stance, stopped moving, and acknowledged it.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha. Guess I lose, huh?”</p>

      <p>At that very moment, the world of winter cleared up, the enormous quantity of snow and <em>Snowmension</em>s popping out of existence and exposing the scene to the light of the sun, which ushered in the loudest cheering of these past five days. It was the sight the crowd had been dearly hoping to see—the snapshot in time where the hero slew the monster and claimed victory. The cheering was truly out of this world, as if the spectators were screaming every ounce of air out of their lungs. Meanwhile, Lorwen muttered very much under his breath.</p>

      <p>“Come to think of it, this is my first-ever loss...” He turned to look at me. “If only I could’ve lost a fight sooner. My life would’ve been different. I trained a little <em>too</em> much. Before I knew it, I’d reached such heights that nobody could understand me anymore. Nobody could reach me... Boy was I an idiot,” he said with a smile. “But right at the very end, you entered my life. You found me. And the kids, they came to see my story out. I’m so happy, man...”</p>

      <p>Lorwen was in a precarious position. I’d seen this before. It was similar to when Alty had disappeared.</p>

      <p>“Lorwen...”</p>

      <p>It was similar, but that wasn’t to say it was exactly the same. While he was starting to fade away, compared to Alty’s final moments, his presence wasn’t as diluted. He was soliloquizing about how fulfilled he was because he was trying to force the matter and disappear already. As his friend, I could tell. It was clear to see that in reality, his lingering attachments numbered more than one, and that was made obvious now that the first of them was gone and he’d attained his answer. He had one such attachment left to work through, but he was doing his best to die regardless.</p>

      <p>I wanted to call out to him, to stop him, but before I could utter a word, <em>Dimension</em> detected the glint of a deadly blade. The glow of this blade wasn’t his red or my blue. No, this one was black. I saw it fly his way in a merciless arc, yet I let it go. And then, the tip of a scythe emerged from Lorwen’s chest. His heart punctured, copious blood gushed from his mouth.</p>

      <p>Darkness crept out of his back, and a weeping, black-haired girl arose from the shadow-stuff. She couldn’t accept this conclusion, and I could hardly blame her. After all, she, too, was refusing to get her desires twisted.</p>

      <p>In other words, the battle wasn’t over yet. And it wouldn’t end as long as Reaper, Lorwen and I all still had things to get off our chests.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>