<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_2"><div class="main">
      <p>We’d effectively been apart throughout the handful of days since the Day of the Blessed Birth, but it felt like we’d been apart for years and years.</p>

      <p>“It was all... It was all just a dream, wasn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. It was just a dream.”</p>

      <p>“My brother...or no, my whole family is dead...and I can’t even remember them. But that doesn’t mean I’m okay with mistaking somebody else for family! I could never tolerate false memories! I promised my best friend, Alty, that I’d be moving forward for a change! I swore it on my eyes!”</p>

      <p>Fire erupted from her body, much like Alty before her. It turned into countless butterflies, setting fire to every part of the grounds. Bit by bit, the conflagration was illuminating the world of shadow that Reaper had constructed, allowing me to get a faint view of Lastiara’s and Snow’s positions.</p>

      <p>“<em>Firefly Haze.</em> With this, I can see your face nice and clear, Mr. Kanami.”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t just the rest of us who regained our sight. So did Maria. Her eyes were prosthetic, but she was capable of gathering information about her surroundings through fire.</p>

      <p>“Now’s not the time for celebration,” she continued. “We have to deal with Reaper first. Don’t worry. No matter where she hides, our fire will burn everything away.”</p>

      <p>She concentrated and started formulating yet more fire magic. Unsurprisingly, darkness gathered at her back while she was incanting and defenseless, the sickle reaching for her from within it. I deflected it with my sword.</p>

      <p>“Ugh! Outta my way, mister!”</p>

      <p>“She’s weaving a spell because she trusts me to protect her! How could I let you lay a finger on her?!”</p>

      <p>Our blades were crossed; at this rate, I couldn’t know when peril might befall Maria. It was time for safety precautions.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara, come over here! Defend Maria, like the first time!”</p>

      <p>“The first time?!”</p>

      <p>“You remember! Back in the Dungeon!”</p>

      <p>“Oh! Right! Can I hold her in a princess carry?!”</p>

      <p>“Ask <em>her</em> that!”</p>

      <p>Lastiara used the firelight to run up to Maria.</p>

      <p>“Flamespell: <em>Flay Blaze</em>,” Maria incanted. “Please, Ms. Lastiara. After this, let’s talk a whole lot more. There’s a lot I’d like to apologize to you for.”</p>

      <p>She let loose a sphere of flames into the sky, extending her hands to Lastiara.</p>

      <p>“Oh, nice! Mar-Mar’s being all vulnerable with me!”</p>

      <p>Lastiara gleefully grabbed Maria and started running across the grounds. The blob of darkness containing Reaper tried to give chase but couldn’t catch up. Lastiara was too fast. The light Maria was creating was weakening the darkness, and it could no longer reach the speeds necessary to catch them.</p>

      <p>Snow leaped into the fray, hammering the weakened blob of shadow with a full-powered blow. “<em>Impulse Break!”</em></p>

      <p>There was a clang in the darkness as Snow’s great blade and Reaper’s large sickle clashed. Taking the brunt of Snow’s full body-weight attack from right above, Reaper was blown away by the impact, removing her from her hiding place in the darkness and revealing her for all to see. Since I could see her, she was now immaterial, and Snow’s sword fell to the ground.</p>

      <p>“Urgh! What a waste!” said Reaper. “All that magic energy’s scattering!”</p>

      <p>She distanced herself from Snow and quickly started gathering darkness again. She tried to use it to envelop the flames that were hindering her shadow field, but all that did was illuminate the darkness, causing it to disappear.</p>

      <p>“I can’t interfere with the magic of the Thief of Fire’s Essence?! The level gap between our magic is too wide?!”</p>

      <p>Reaper was losing hope, her confidence that she was the most powerful of mages slipping away and her darkness weakening in proportion to that. Meanwhile, Maria, who was under Lastiara’s protection, was generating yet more fire with a relieved expression.</p>

      <p>Snow and I stood in front of them to protect them. Our defense was rock solid as I thrust my sword out.</p>

      <p>“Reaper, you’ve lost your vision advantage. Plus, it’s four against one. Give up already!”</p>

      <p>“Give up? Would <em>you</em> give up if I told you to? I feel the same way you do, mister! I could never give up! Not till the very end!”</p>

      <p>“Then this is the end. So long as I have Lorwen’s technique, you won’t be beating me!”</p>

      <p>“It’s not over yet! If I can take <em>you</em> down, I can still pull a win! You’re the party’s core member, but you’re the most weakened out of all of them right now, so I’ve got a shot!”</p>

      <p>“If that’s what you think, bring it, Reaper!”</p>

      <p>“Big brother!”</p>

      <p>She gathered all the remaining darkness throughout the grounds for her final gamble, and I braced against her impending onslaught with one sword. One was enough. Lorwen himself only ever used one at a time.</p>

      <p>Reaper charged forward, together with the darkness. For her opening gambit, she made the darkness wrap around me. My field of vision was totally blocked; I couldn’t see her anymore. And as was the established strategy at this point, she came at me with a slash from behind.</p>

      <p>Just like Lorwen would, I stooped to dodge, then counterattacked with my sword skills. She blocked me with the scythe’s handle—she was used to combat with Lorwen, after all. Then she sank back into the darkness without batting an eye.</p>

      <p>Her distinctive surprise scythe attack happened again, but I had Lorwen’s god-tier technique to aid me against her. <em>Clank, clank, clank</em>. Within the darkness, our blades crossed time and time again, dozens of sparks flying. But the battle was already decided.</p>

      <p>It was simple. The fact of the matter was that Reaper could not beat Lorwen. That was all there was to it. Victory was ours.</p>

      <p>My sword cleaved her right leg mercilessly. I sensed her stagger, sensed the anguished look on her face. My eyes were still closed, but as she began to collapse, I stabbed her left leg, pinning her to the ground. “Spellcast: <em>Ice.”</em></p>

      <p>For a finishing move, I transmitted the ice spell through my sword. When it came to a base-level spell like this one, I could cast it using the magic energy that replenished naturally during combat. It was the same trick I’d used in the battle against Tida: solidifying an immaterial opponent and giving them form.</p>

      <p>I opened my eyes and looked at her. She was face-up on the floor, wounds all over her body, in no state to move.</p>

      <p>“Dammit... You fight dirty, big brother...”</p>

      <p>She glared at me, tears in her eyes. That was the moment she accepted defeat. It was also the moment I knew I’d stepped up in time and saved Maria. I stood motionless at the center of the training grounds, breathing a sigh of relief. It was sinking in now; I’d taken another step to putting this <em>trial</em> behind me.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>We had won the side fight. Reaper had lost her right leg, and her left leg was pinned to the ground with ice and a sword. Her right arm, meanwhile, was flame-scorched, and I’d used my ice magic to restrain her left arm for good measure. Lastiara, for her part, had used holy magic to paralyze her from head to toe. While Reaper’s lost leg was gradually regenerating through her magic energy, she was in gruesome shape.</p>

      <p>“I win, Reaper. If you try fighting, I’ll have Maria burn you even more.”</p>

      <p>“I’d really rather you didn’t. I can’t nullify those flames, so I’d die crispy.”</p>

      <p>She wasn’t resisting. She must have understood she couldn’t possibly turn the tables. Not in that position.</p>

      <p>Sword still in hand, I sat down next to her. All of today’s fights were now behind me, so the tension in my body was easing up.</p>

      <p>“A thousand years ago,” started Reaper, “I spent my final night like this, only with Lorwen.”</p>

      <p>What an abrupt change of topic. Not knowing what to say, I kept listening.</p>

      <p>“Lorwen was strong enough to kill me if he wanted to, but...when he saw me, he stayed his blade. He was so kind... He was my first-ever friend. He humored me till the end...”</p>

      <p>It was a soliloquy of sorts. She didn’t want me to chime in. She just wanted me to know.</p>

      <p>“The Grim Rim Reaper wants to have fun with Lorwen forever. That’s why I decided on my own will that I need to protect him...”</p>

      <p>If she was going to share her wish, it was only right I do likewise. “I hear you, but even so, I’m going to fulfill my promise to him. I want to help him find happiness. Because I’m fond of the guy.”</p>

      <p>“I adore Lorwen too. I want to help him find happiness...but not if it leads to him <em>dying!</em> That’s what I...hate the thought of...”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, Reaper. My policy is always the same. Everybody should be able to live their life following their heart’s desire...but that isn’t where Lorwen’s at right now. Instead, he’s chasing after a dream that was foisted on him. He’s getting what he wants all wrong. And I can’t just stand by and watch.”</p>

      <p>“You can’t know that for sure! You can’t <em>know</em> that that isn’t what he really wants!”</p>

      <p>“I’m pretty sure it’s not. I really don’t think Lorwen’s desire is for silly shit like glory or being the hero. I just can’t see that being the case.”</p>

      <p>I had once obtained the beginnings of glory myself, but all it had done was torment me. Snow had attained full-on glory, but it had pounded her into the very pit of despair. How could I abandon Lorwen to such a fate when I knew what it wrought?</p>

      <p>“But mister, what if it doesn’t matter if it’s what he really wants? He might be satisfied with that anyway! Maybe there’s a way he can be happy without having to vanish! Is that too much to ask for?!”</p>

      <p>I shook my head. “Reaper. Remember my words to you.”</p>

      <p>“Your words?” She had to recall what I meant by that. There was no way she didn’t.</p>

      <p>“I kept shouting from the pit of my soul, ‘Don’t play with people’s fates...’”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, that was so loud and annoying. You also shouted not to tolerate ‘his’ lies.”</p>

      <p>“Yep. And what came after that was ‘Don’t get what you want...’”</p>

      <p>“‘...mixed up,’ right?” By repeating the words, she relaxed her body little by little. “Then what’ll become of <em>my</em> wish?”</p>

      <p>“Do you still wanna be with Lorwen even if it means that, deep down, he’d be suffering? Leading a life based on a lie can only lead to suffering for both of you. You’ll never find happiness that way. You can put off the true solution, sure, but it’ll all come crumbling down in the end.”</p>

      <p>The cracks that formed when one lied to oneself would eventually invite ruin. I knew that from experience. Reaper listened without saying a word in reply. She’d grown up on my emotions, so no one empathized with me more than her.</p>

      <p>“Lorwen wants to work through his attachments and disappear. Tida and Alty felt the same way as well. All Guardians do, most likely,” I said, trying to get her to give up.</p>

      <p>“I already know that. It’s because I know that things won’t go as I’d like...”</p>

      <p>She looked up at the dimming sky above, glowering so that the tears wouldn’t spill over. I looked up too. Just like during the dragon quest, we gazed up at the sky, the two of us, our lines of sight tracing parallel lines, never intersecting. I didn’t know what to say anymore, and it seemed Reaper didn’t either.</p>

      <p>Seeing that I wasn’t baring my fangs, she gave an ironic smile. “Hee hee. You’re so soft, mister. If you kill me now, it’ll solve all your problems.”</p>

      <p>“You know as well as I do that if I did that, Lorwen would become the next thorn in my side.”</p>

      <p>“If I can’t get my way, I’m honestly happy with that outcome. That’s how determined I am.”</p>

      <p>I sighed. “You’re a real pest, you know that?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. Just like you, mister.”</p>

      <p>Indeed. She and I were similar. Looking at her, I could almost swear I was looking at a daughter of mine or something.</p>

      <p>“I won’t try to convince you anymore. I’m leaving the rest to Lorwen. I’ll bring you to the finals match tomorrow and that’ll be the end of it.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm...that does sound like my only chance to turn this around... I’ve got no choice but to ask Lorwen directly. I’ll beg him not to die...with all my heart.”</p>

      <p>But I was almost certain that plea would be fruitless. Reaper understood it too; otherwise, she wouldn’t have chosen to fight us instead of asking him.</p>

      <p>With that, our conversation was over. We continued looking up in silence.</p>

      <p>Lastiara saw that we didn’t mean to fight, and sheathed her sword. “Wait, does that mean you’ve failed to convince Reapy? You said you were going to convince everybody.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. Looks like Reaper was beyond me.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “All right, gotcha. So what do we do now? I’m pretty sure this significantly changes our plans.”</p>

      <p>“We’ll let Lorwen persuade her. Let’s keep watch over her and bring her to the finals tomorrow, and then the Brawl will end.”</p>

      <p>“Hold on, you’re really taking her there? Isn’t that dangerous? Wouldn’t that open you up for a two-on-one battle?”</p>

      <p>“It’s okay. If that happens, it’ll be a two-on-one with me and Lorwen against her. Lorwen’s obsessed with a one-on-one duel with me. He’s the only one who can persuade Reaper now. Bringing her’s the only choice I’ve got.”</p>

      <p>“Weird way to have faith in somebody... Oh well, not that I’m gonna stop you.”</p>

      <p>She seemed a little envious, though, of the peculiar bond that Lorwen and I shared and the circumstances of our upcoming match.</p>

      <p>“That said, Kanami, in exchange—”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. You guys watch us fight from the stands. Thanks.”</p>

      <p>“If something happens, we’ll cut into the proceedings. We’re not gonna budge on that.”</p>

      <p>“I know.”</p>

      <p>“Do you actually, though?”</p>

      <p>Lastiara gauged my expression with suspicion. As our faces and eyes grew closer, my heart rate went up. I understood why too. I knew because a whole lot that had been gone was now back inside me.</p>

      <p>But it wasn’t an emotion I needed at the moment. I bottled that pesky feeling up and calmly stared back into her eyes with a serious expression, conveying to her that I meant business. She heaved an exasperated sigh.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Mar-Mar,” she said, addressing the girl standing a small distance away. “Looks like our troubles will last a little while longer. I’m gonna go call my comrades, so could you watch Kanami and Reapy for me?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, sure. Leave it to me.”</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>