<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: Epilogue</h1>

      <p>Located at the southern end of the Dungeon Alliance, Greeard was the only one of the five nations that bordered the sea. Having escaped the grand theater-ship <em>Valhuura</em> through <em>Connection</em>, we visited one of Greeard’s many ports. A considerable number of boats were floating on the pitch-black sea in neat lines, rocking as the waves splashed against them. It was a night of deep quiet. Now that the Brawl was over, I had no doubt people were boisterously celebrating on the river, and that thought made this place feel all the more peaceful.</p>

      <p>Lastiara’s voice resounded in the silence. “So? What’ll it be? You’ll give us the boat now, right?”</p>

      <p>I was standing behind her, and we were currently speaking with a port merchant. Since we were talking in a dark and quiet port, if I didn’t know better I’d think he was engaged in smuggling.</p>

      <p><em>Actually, I guess he might legit be a smuggler.</em></p>

      <p>I turned to look at one of the ships floating behind me. It wasn’t that big, but such an excess of magic gems adorned it that I could tell how high-class it was at a glance. Our goal at present was to procure that vessel. As our first move after fleeing to Greeard, we’d intended to board any old voyage out of there, but a visibly adventure-high Lastiara had suggested we buy our own ship, arguing that if we were naive enough to take to the sea on an established voyage, we’d be asking for tons of pursuers.</p>

      <p>She had a point, and it wasn’t a bad idea to have a ship in case it would serve us in the future. If installing a <em>Connection</em> portal aboard a ship proved possible, exploring the Dungeon during sea transit would be a cinch. I’d thought Lastiara simply wanted to have her own boat, but in the end, the whole party agreed it made sense, so we’d hidden in Greeard until the middle of the night in order to buy one in a not-so-normal way.</p>

      <p><em>Now that I think about it, yeah, he’s definitely a smuggler.</em></p>

      <p>The merchant who owned the ship looked at the contents of Lastiara’s open coin bag and gulped. “Uh, wow, I’m surprised. How on earth did you manage that so fast?”</p>

      <p>“We earned a bit of scratch. You told me you’d let me have it if I paid for it on the spot, right? We’re offering twice the market price with extra on top. No reason to say no, surely?”</p>

      <p>Her tone was a tad threatening, but we were between a rock and a hard place, so I wasn’t going to object to her methods. I was totally exhausted from how Lastiara had made me “earn a bit of scratch.” I never could have guessed that after Lorwen’s match, I’d be forced to hit a casino and told to use Responsiveness there.</p>

      <p>“Sure, that won’t be an issue, but let me warn you, seven people won’t be enough to manage that ship.”</p>

      <p>“It’s <em>because</em> there are only seven of us that we picked it. It’s the kind where as long as you have the magic energy, it’ll work, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, that’s true, but you should understand this thing’s not fuel efficient. We’re talking the magic energy of hundreds of mages for one voyage. That’s why it’s so dirt cheap.”</p>

      <p>The merchant had decided that we were customers he’d like to keep because of the extra money we were paying, so he was honest about the ship being a dud. But Lastiara gleefully jumped at the offer; she’d been staring like a little kid craving a shiny new toy at this dusty jalopy that was only useful in specific circumstances, and it was far too late to reverse course now. I’d have liked a safer ship powered mainly by wind rather than one that could explode at any moment, but there was no stopping her momentum.</p>

      <p>As far as I could see via <em>Dimension</em>, the ship’s construction was nothing short of impressive, but at the same time, there were more sources of fire that could easily burst than on a normal vessel. The usage of high-cost magic gems made things convenient, yes, but they came with their risks too. And when the four bombs on legs that were Dia, Lastiara, Maria, and Snow boarded that magic gem-laden liner... Let’s just say I couldn’t help feeling a bit antsy. It reminded me of that high-end house that had gone up in flames, and I was determined to avoid a similar fate here. I wouldn’t repeat my past mistakes. Unlike that terrible day, I had skills I could rely on, and I was sure we could make this work. Granted, I got the feeling my highest-level skill, Responsiveness, was telling me that that was too much to hope for, but even so, I inwardly vowed over and over again that I would never give in to fate.</p>

      <p>“Cool, so it’s a deal,” said Lastiara. “That’s your cue, Dia. Go, go, go.”</p>

      <p>She was making Dia head over after hearing that magic energy was needed. He obliged, drawing closer to the ship.</p>

      <p>“Er, so do I just touch the boat and send magic energy into it?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. Please do. You’re the one with the most out of all of us.”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. All right, here goes.”</p>

      <p>Dia’s colossal amounts of magic energy poured into the ship, the aftershock causing the waves to billow and roll, and the ship began to glow.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What the—?!” The merchant was this close to shrieking. Dia’s magic energy was so vast that its wave surge alone was enough to make an ordinary person fall on their backside, but the man maintained his merchant’s pride and managed to keep from squealing.</p>

      <p>“See?” said Lastiara, indicating the ship now filled with energy at full capacity. “We’ll be okay.”</p>

      <p>The merchant was speechless. Everything beggared belief, from the small fortune she’d handed him to the sheer amount of magic energy our petite mage had just emitted. He was having trouble processing it all. Lastiara interpreted his state of blank amazement as a sign that the deal was done.</p>

      <p>“Kanami, Reapy, were you able to read the documents?” she asked us, just about ready to dash off into the blue yonder.</p>

      <p>“Reaper and I both finished reading them. I know the specs of the ship now too. We can probably hack it, the seven of us.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I get the gist!” said Reaper. “Looks fun!”</p>

      <p>While Lastiara was talking with the merchant, Reaper and I were reading through the thick infobooks. Dimensional mages could use <em>Dimension</em> to speed-read, which came in handy in situations like these.</p>

      <p>“Sweet, okay! The <em>Connection</em> portal’s aboard and the supplies are too! All preparations are complete! Here, your money!” Lastiara forced the bag of coins into the merchant’s hands and headed for the ship with a spring in her step. “All right, everybody, come aboard!”</p>

      <p>“Uh, right!” said Ms. Sera and Snow, who acceded to Lastiara’s feverish enthusiasm.</p>

      <p>It was the middle of the night. Couldn’t they be quiet about it? And why board the ship from the side like that when there was a perfectly good ladder? While grumbling about my friends’ questionable manners in my heart, I gave the merchant a proper bow and took my time boarding—using the ladder, of course.</p>

      <p>After everyone had gathered on the deck, Lastiara declared, “Now then, let’s call this ship the <em>Living Legend!</em> Sounds good, right?!”</p>

      <p>“The <em>Living Legend</em>?”</p>

      <p>Talk about bombastic. If you asked me, a blustery name like that wasn’t suited for a ship that we’d be riding to different countries in the days to come. But in the face of Lastiara’s cheery smile, I missed my chance to object. Snow was applauding hammily while Ms. Sera’s eyes were shooting daggers at me.</p>

      <p>“You knave. Do you have anything to say about milady’s sense for naming things?” she demanded.</p>

      <p>“No, no complaints here...”</p>

      <p>Upon reflection, I was in no position to be castigating anybody’s tastes, since I’d been giving my own spells similarly corny names. I ignored Lastiara as she leaned intrepidly over the prow, focusing on preparing the ship for departure.</p>

      <p>“Reaper, I’m sure you’ll know what I’m talking about—could you go fire up the auxiliary power generators a sec? I’ll be here raising the anchor and unfurling the sails and stuff.”</p>

      <p>“’Kay, got it. Back in a second.”</p>

      <p>Reaper deployed her own <em>Dimension</em> and walked into the ship with confidence. The <em>Living Legend</em> was built with a large quantity of magic gems and didn’t need to rely on the wind or waves to move. Reaper had learned that when she’d read through the materials.</p>

      <p>I did my part, climbing the mast and unfurling the sails. This ship wasn’t a full-fledged sailing vessel, so it didn’t have many sails, but it was still difficult for an amateur like me. By the time Reaper returned, I still wasn’t finished preparing the ship. She and I, having memorized all of the materials, gave each other instructions, and after some time, we finally managed to get the ship good and ready. Little by little, the <em>Living Legend</em> started cutting through the water.</p>

      <p>“Whoa, it’s moving! It’s moving! Wow!” said Lastiara. “So, this is a ship, huh?! No hero tale can go without one!”</p>

      <p>“Wowee, big sister!” said Reaper. “It’s moving across the water!”</p>

      <p>They were the most amped up, Reaper’s excitement second only to Lastiara’s. Maybe they’d never seen the sea before.</p>

      <p>“It’s finally chugging along, huh? Wait, are we safe to go in this direction, though?”</p>

      <p>“It’ll be fine, Kanami. When it comes to this kinda thing, good enough’s good enough!”</p>

      <p>Classic Lastiara—she had no plan. It probably stemmed from a self-confidence backed by her general feel for things, but I could be sure that despite all that, the risks were considerable. I had no choice but to call Reaper over and unfurl a sea chart on the deck.</p>

      <p>“Reaper, let’s navigate using <em>Dimension </em>for the time being. If we take turns, we should at least be able to avoid wrecking the thing.”</p>

      <p>There was no other way but to brute-force a resolution to the problem with magic. If we steered along the shore, we’d most likely be able to manage it even with our lack of navigational skills.</p>

      <p>We continually changed the direction of the ship while consulting with Reaper, eventually managing to calculate a course to the mainland and succeeding in stabilizing the voyage, after which we sat at a large table at the center of the deck for a nice breather.</p>

      <p>Lastiara, Dia, Maria, Snow, Reaper, and Ms. Sera. I had so many allies I could count on. Up until now, I’d only ever scraped together parties of, at most, three people, which was all the more reason my current party of seven could only be described as a spectacular sight. I looked around at everyone’s faces.</p>

      <p>“Guys, our eyes are on the mainland. I feel like hunting down Palinchron there,” I remarked concisely as leader of the group.</p>

      <p>I was planning on using our time in transit to do some more Dungeon diving, but we’d be focusing on searching for Palinchron for the most part. Deep down, I wanted to rush to the deepest level this very second for my sister’s sake, but the lout known as Palinchron would make ample use of any such impatience on my part, so I couldn’t risk getting my priorities wrong anymore.</p>

      <p>When my comrades heard Palinchron’s name, they each reacted in their own way.</p>

      <p>“We can’t leave Palinchron to his own devices. He’s got the magic gem of the Guardian Tida inside him.”</p>

      <p>A Guardian’s magic gem. The higher-ups of Whoseyards had been so desperate to obtain one, and the gem harbored enough power to be worth those efforts. Judging from the changes in Palinchron’s and Maria’s stats, there could be no doubt about that. Palinchron had gained the power of a Guardian himself. Just the thought of him getting up to something somewhere we couldn’t see was massively anxiety-inducing.</p>

      <p>“No,” I replied, “I’m sure that’s just what I’m telling myself. In reality, I’m after him for petty revenge. I can’t let him get the last laugh, so I wanna settle the score.”</p>

      <p>On the Day of the Blessed Birth, I’d fought against him and lost. This time, however, I <em>would</em> beat him. I was confident I would. The trials I’d overcome had made me stronger, and I’d learned so much from Alty, the Thief of Fire’s Essence, and Lorwen, the Thief of Earth’s Essence. The lessons they’d taught me had become my newfound strength.</p>

      <p>“We’ll end up having to battle him, I’m sure. And for that fight...” Plus, I had my friends. I didn’t have to fight alone. I’d learned that lesson the hard way. “I want everyone to lend me their strength. I’d like you all to lend me your aid.”</p>

      <p>I earnestly asked for their help, not least in order to avoid making that mistake again.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, no duh,” said Lastiara. “If you’d wanted to go it alone, I’d have been pissed at you.”</p>

      <p>“I can’t let him off the hook either!” said Dia. “I’ll get him back for that wound. You can count on it!”</p>

      <p>“Allow me to accompany you, Mr. Kanami,” said Maria with a peaceful smile. “I promised I wouldn’t leave your side no matter what.”</p>

      <p>“Supporting each other’s what partners do, right?” said Snow, recalling yesterday’s promise. “Besides, Palinchron’s my enemy too.”</p>

      <p>“That guy looks like a real bad person,” said Reaper. “If I feel like it, I’ll help too.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll do it for milady’s sake,” said Ms. Sera quietly. “I’ll follow your orders for the time being.”</p>

      <p>After watching them speak their hearts, the truth of it finally felt real. I could finally say it with my head held high: in this stupidly huge world, I was no longer all alone.</p>

      <p>“Thanks, guys,” I found myself saying. It came out so naturally. And those words of thanks contained a confluence of sentiments. I wasn’t just happy that they were on board. There were more complicated emotions to it, and at the same time, simpler feelings as well.</p>

      <p>Just then, as if to represent my heart’s current state, rays of light started shining onto the night sea. A new dawn. We’d spent so much time negotiating and making our preparations for departure that morning had come before we knew it, the white sun rising above the horizon and the golden daybreak illuminating the now glistening waves.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, everyone!” I shouted with the dawn. “It’s a straight shot to the mainland!”</p>

      <p>And so I set sail, pushing forward on a fresh new journey alongside my companions. I would live my life in this world not as Siegfried Vizzita, but as Aikawa Kanami, and with me were allies to depend on. RPG player that I was, I had to call this the ultimate endgame party.</p>

      <p>The <em>Living Legend</em> ventured toward the horizon, drawing a white line through the shining, gold sea. Our destination: the mainland. And I got the feeling that the <em>true</em> adventures of Aikawa Kanami, the boy who stumbled into another world, had only just begun.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>