<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_2"><div class="main">
      <p>“Ah, ahh... I... <em>I leave you behind, world!”</em></p>

      <p>He wasn’t holding back in the least. That was why he was having so much fun right now.</p>

      <p><em>“You’re the one who rejected me first, world. That’s why I shall live by the blade!”</em></p>

      <p>He was crafting the unavoidable blow that demanded his life as payment.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Fon A Wraith!</em>”</p>

      <p>He sent everything our way, and we responded in kind with our second <em>Dimension A Wraith.</em></p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Dimension A Wraith!”</em></p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Dimension A Wraith!”</em></p>

      <p>Our blades crossed. This was the world of supreme-speed swordsmanship now. The world nobody else could reach. The pinnacle of the art of the blade. The world that had once belonged only to Lorwen Arrace.</p>

      <p>The blue of my Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword was hot on the heels of the red of his Mithril Sword. Now at the close, our two streaks of light danced anew.</p>

      <p>“Lorwen!”</p>

      <p>“Kanamiii!”</p>

      <p><em>Fon A Wraith</em> and <em>Dimension A Wraith</em> vied for supremacy. We were incapable of seeing each other’s sword swings coming, but still our swords clashed countless times in the blink of an eye. In the arena, atop the field of crystal flowers, in the proxy of Floor 30 created by the Thief of Earth’s Essence... That was where Lorwen and I were trading blows like once upon a time. During the knocking-the-weapon portion of our battle, I’d learned the hard way that I couldn’t beat him at the blade, yet now I was fighting with no magic. I was stronger because I’d met Lorwen. I had become <em>much</em> stronger. And I wanted to tell him that.</p>

      <p>Our swords met a mind-boggling number of times, Reaper shouting her heart out behind us. The voices of the spectators felt so, so far away, but Reaper’s voice I could hear loud and clear.</p>

      <p>“Beat him, mister! Show him that he doesn’t gotta worry about me anymore!”</p>

      <p>Her encouragement filled me with energy. Reaper was no help in our sword duel; she entrusted everything to me through our link. I wasn’t talking about just magic energy—her determination, her emotions, they buoyed me. I wasn’t the only one fighting; Reaper was there with me. We were fighting together. I couldn’t lose now. For Reaper’s sake, for Lorwen’s sake, and for my own sake...</p>

      <p>“I can’t lose! I WON’T LOSE!”</p>

      <p>At that moment, <em>Dimension A Wraith</em> surpassed <em>Fon A Wraith</em>. The slash that crossed beyond mere physics smashed Lorwen’s Mithril Sword. Its function fulfilled, that sword gleamed its last gleam of red before falling to the crystal flower bed. Lorwen watched it happen with a smile. I could tell his own defeat delighted him immensely.</p>

      <p>He looked up at the sky above, still grinning, a look of reassurance on his face as he murmured, “What a relief.”</p>

      <p>That was proof that I’d overcome the Trigesimal Trial. Proof the tether holding him here had gone at last. His attachments no longer binding him, he incanted with the same satisfied expression Alty had worn.</p>

      <p>“<em>The dead lost their dreams. Corpses they became, the world they wandered... But that’s over now. Since people live not by missions thrust upon them, but in search of light in their souls... So long as the ray of light shining on the soul remains, it’ll all be worthwhile...</em>”</p>

      <p>Lorwen’s strength diminished in the extreme, and the blood he shed turned into particles of magic energy. The Floor 30 proxy that he’d developed also collapsed. Its crystal flowers and pillars and everything else faded into a pale light that dissolved in midair. It was like something out of a fantastical dream. It was solemn and beautiful, like a ritual to bid farewell to ancestral spirits.</p>

      <p>“This is goodbye, Kanami,” he said, smiling.</p>

      <p>“Goodbye, Lorwen.”</p>

      <p>We spoke no more than that. Everything that needed to be said, we’d already said through our swords. Then, Lorwen turned to face the spectators. Smiling, he waved to the children in their corner of the stadium. They were all in tears. Though they were quite young, they must have sensed that this was the end for him.</p>

      <p>“You were so cool!” shouted one of them.</p>

      <p>“You were so strong!” cried another.</p>

      <p>He heard their many words of praise, and then he bowed to the whole stadium, expressing to everyone in attendance his immense gratitude. He thanked them for being able to participate in the Brawl, for allowing him to finish the match, and for watching him to the end. His sheer sincerity dumbfounded them: <em>Lorwen Arrace might have been a monster, but looking back, the match he’d shown us was the greatest of all.</em> None of the humans had gotten hurt, and in one corner of the audience, there was a group of children screaming his praises. He’d staked his very life on livening up the finals.</p>

      <p>That fact alone remained, and the people in the stands hadn’t failed to pick up on it. Little by little, they started applauding. The number of voices joining the children’s in praising Lorwen, swordsman extraordinaire, gradually increased. Bit by bit, their impression of him shifted from fear to admiration. A few seconds later, it had turned into a mighty din of wild cheering. The greatest finals in history had come to an end, and everyone applauded Lorwen Arrace, the man who’d made it possible. Cheers poured down like the slanting rays of the evening sun.</p>

      <p>“They don’t hold a candle to the kids’ cheers, but...that thunderous applause ain’t bad either...” Lorwen raised his hands up in the air and basked in it. Then he walked toward his companion. “Reaper...”</p>

      <p>“Lorwen...”</p>

      <p>“You remember the day we first tried to kill each other? Lasted a while, huh? Playtime’s over for us now. I’m vanishing, and you’re not. You win our match.”</p>

      <p>“Th-That wasn’t a real game! You’re the one who taught me it’s not play unless it’s fun for both sides!”</p>

      <p>“And I did have fun too. I’m so glad I met you, Reaper. You’re my number one friend. Since the day we met, we’ve been playing the whole time. Those days were so peaceful, so tranquil, so fun... Thank you for treating a corpse like me to a good time.”</p>

      <p>“Lorwen!” she said, unable to hold back the tears. Beset by a jumble of emotions, she couldn’t find any words to say.</p>

      <p>“Do me a solid this time, Reaper. See me off with a smile.”</p>

      <p>With a wry grin, he extended his left hand to the crying child, reaching out to stroke her head. He shouldn’t have been able to; she was in intangible mode. But he <em>was</em> able to.</p>

      <p>She trembled with a start, looking up at Lorwen’s hand, clearly not understanding what had just happened. However, as Lorwen’s gentle palm continued to caress her, it dawned on her: even though Lowen was perceiving her, she hadn’t become intangible after all. This was probably a first for her.</p>

      <p>I remembered both the information I had found at the library and what Reaper had told me. My Responsiveness and Thought Streams skills provided me with the reason. Now that the kill-Lorwen curse had been fulfilled, Reaper had been set free from her own curse of physical absence.</p>

      <p>“Hee, hee hee...”</p>

      <p>She giggled through her tears. She wasn’t forcing a laugh. She was genuinely happy that she could feel Lorwen’s warmth. Her smile was heartfelt, and she saw him off with a smile. “See you, my friend!”</p>

      <p>Lorwen smiled right back. “That was good... That was a great goodbye, my friend...” he said hoarsely.</p>

      <p>And with that, nothing was left to keep Lorwen Arrace in this world. The majority of his body turned into light particles... He was at his limit. For his final act, he looked up at the sky one more time, staring at the blue with a sparkle in his eyes, and then he muttered to no one in particular, “That...made it...all...worth...while...”</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>