<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_3"><div class="main">
      <p>“If Reaper tries anything funny, you can burn her, but don’t kill her outright. Oh, and you watch too, okay, Snow?”</p>

      <p>Snow straightened her posture. “Yes ma’am! Understood, ma’am!”</p>

      <p>“Snow... You know what, let’s have a nice chat about that weird formal speech of yours later.”</p>

      <p>With that, Lastiara took her leave of the training grounds, leaving the rest of us there with Reaper, who was gazing up at the night sky with a dead-tired look on her face as Snow followed Lastiara’s orders and kept watch, with Maria prepared to shoot her fire magic at a moment’s notice.</p>

      <p>Once upon a time, these three had lived under Epic Seeker’s roof alongside me. The situation reminded me of those days. I even recalled the time they had all knitted scarves together. But things had changed a hell of a lot since then. We couldn’t go back. Not that I had any desire to return to those days anyway, of course. At the same time, I didn’t think it was necessary to throw out the baby with the bathwater.</p>

      <p>As I reminisced, I remembered that little promise.</p>

      <p>“Snow.”</p>

      <p>“Hm? What is it?”</p>

      <p>“We’ve got time to kill. Could you go get your knitting tools? The ones you used to make those scarves.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, wha? What’re you talking about?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing, just thought we could knit some scarves, you know?”</p>

      <p>“Uh, Kanami? Did you hit your head? You’re gonna be fighting Lorwen Arrace tomorrow, which means you need to get at least a little rest in. In fact, just go to bed. Reaper ain’t moving anytime soon.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll hit the hay once Lastiara’s back with everyone. It’s just, I remember our promise, so...please?”</p>

      <p>“Promise?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I remember now. And now that I do, I’ve gotta knit one...”</p>

      <p>Snow and Maria were looking at me like I had two heads, but Reaper was chuckling wryly.</p>

      <p>“Heh. Hee hee.”</p>

      <p>It seemed she was the only one who remembered that trifling pledge I’d made.</p>

      <p>Reluctantly, Snow went to get the knitting tools, but only after Lastiara’s group arrived. I made use of my absurd dexterity and completed a scarf in no time. Seeing my finished product, Reaper smiled, and I did too. Gone was the antagonism between us. While I ultimately hadn’t been able to convince her, I didn’t think it had all been meaningless either. When we smiled at each other, a little of how she felt came through to me, no curse-link required.</p>

      <p>We had a true bit of fellowship. That was why she was behaving herself. She was open to going to the finals alongside me. In the end, she and I must have been feeling the same way on a deep psychological level about our mutual friend.</p>

      <p>And then, Reaper and I closed our eyes at the same time and fell asleep. It had been a very, <em>very</em> long day, but there were no foes around to worry about. I could get some shut-eye without concern; my trustworthy comrades were watching over me. It was my first time going to sleep since the Brawl began, and it was the last respite I’d get in the lead-up to the finals.</p>

      <p>The only variable left was Lorwen. My blade instructor, my good friend, and one of the Dungeon’s Guardians. If I could save him, all my battles in Laoravia would be over. But that was far easier said than done, given he was the greatest swordfighter there was. Of that, I could be sure. In order to beat him, I had to grasp everything there was to grasp about him. And I had to surpass every limit.</p>

      <p>To that end, as I fell asleep, I recalled the time I’d spent training with him and the days I’d spent alongside him. Unless I was mistaken, he and I truly were friends. We’d even called each other as much in the past. And for that very reason, I absolutely had to defeat him. I had to save him by beating him. Hence, I kept reflecting back, eyes closed. I reflected on the Lorwen I knew and the way that young man lived his life.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>