<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1"><div class="main">
      <p>She calmly accepted the consequences of her actions and was reflecting on what she’d done wrong. Her body was still trembling.</p>

      <p>“That being said, I want you to like me... You might not like me very much now, but I want you to tell me you’ll like me one day. So I’m gonna go for it. I’ll try, anyway. For the guy I like, I can do that.”</p>

      <p>That was a sentence I’d never thought I’d hear coming out of her mouth. She did her best to tamp down on her trembling, getting up on her own two feet.</p>

      <p>“I’m not gonna deceive myself anymore... I’m gonna be <em>me</em>, and I’m gonna make my true desire a reality,” she said, psyching herself up.</p>

      <p>Taking her future into her own hands—she was putting into practice what I’d said in the lead-up to the Brawl.</p>

      <p>“When I was a kid, I had a dream... In the beginning, all I wanted was to leave the dragonewt village and go adventuring in the big wide world. I was under the impression that if I attained glory, they’d allow me my independence. I had a hunch that if I became a hero, my life would change.”</p>

      <p>She reexamined the mistakes she’d neglected to acknowledge up until today, a refreshed look on her face.</p>

      <p>“But none of that nonsense meant a thing. Far from giving me anything, it stole everything from me. I was the strongest. I was a hero. But I gained nothing and lost it all. The only life that awaited me was as a pet of the Walker Clan...”</p>

      <p>In the past, she had managed to obtain glory. She’d even become a so-called hero. And she recognized it had been a mistake.</p>

      <p>“I’m gonna give things another shot. I want out of here. I wanna be set free. I wanna reach the sky up above for no one’s sake but my own—and I wanna venture far, far away! When I was a kid, that was truly all I ever wanted!”</p>

      <p>Snow’s eyes fell on the window with the white curtains. What she’d wanted wasn’t glory or prestige. And she wasn’t going to wait for some hero. To make her humbler desire come true, she looked at the vast, cloudless blue sky and grinned. Then, her placid eyes shifted to me.</p>

      <p>“I finally caught on... Thank you, Kanami. You’re not a hero, and you’re not mine to have. You’re my crush...”</p>

      <p>And thus, she and I came to understand each other at last. While the results were completely different from the original plan, Snow nevertheless decided to stand up on her own power and fight. She got out of bed and started walking—of her own accord.</p>

      <p>“I’m gonna go say my goodbyes to the House of Walker!” Before she put a hand on the door, she turned to look at me, her pretty sky-blue hair fluttering. “You coming with?” She stared, her eyes clear and beautiful.</p>

      <p>“Yep, let’s go.” I had no reason to turn down a request from my partner. Keeping her trembling form on its feet was my duty. I nodded, the same look on my face as on hers, and together we exited the room.</p>

      <p>We’d finally been able to take a step toward the way out of the prison that Palinchron had devised. And that first step had been initiated by none other than Snow herself. With her own strength, she had proved able to save herself. She had the will and the strength to do it. Now all that was left was to prove it to the people around her.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Snow and I charged full speed ahead toward the Valhuura ship housing the current head of the House of Walker. As the leader of one of the four great noble clans, Snow’s “mother” could naturally be found on the top floor of a luxury ship. She was sitting elegantly in a chair placed at the center of the most lavish room in the hotel, with a good number of chamberlains and brawny sentries around her. Needless to say, the toughest fighters of the Walker Clan were also present.</p>

      <p>We faced all those people as a group of two. And squaring off against the greatest enemy in all her life, Snow was smiling. She was doing her damnedest to hide the trembling as she stood opposite her “mother.”</p>

      <p>I was watching from behind, not unlike a knight. I’d assumed the stance whereby I could draw a sword from my inventory at any moment. Come what may, I’d protect her. That was why I was here.</p>

      <p>The tension was thick, but Snow broke the silence, speaking clearly and cutting to the chase without shying away. “Excuse me, mother. I’m going to leave the House of Walker.”</p>

      <p>The head of the Walker Clan sighed, behaving as though Snow were some child throwing a tantrum. “<em>This</em> again, Ms. Snow?” She seemed unsurprised. She must have seen it coming when she saw Snow’s expression upon entering the room. However fictitiously, they were still mother and child, and it seemed their relationship was deep enough that they could more or less tell what the other was thinking. “And what will you do after fleeing the Clan? Have you forgotten that the last time you escaped and foisted everything on Glenn, you were still dragged back in the end?”</p>

      <p>At those words, Snow’s breath caught. The trauma of her past failure had to be flashing through her head even now.</p>

      <p>“It’s high time you grew up and faced your obligations, Ms. Snow,” the woman decreed in somber tones. “Make use of the power in your blood for the sake of the world, the nation, and the clan. Why won’t you understand that this will make your life a fulfilling one?”</p>

      <p>She was telling her to remain a useful puppet. To continue to be their pet.</p>

      <p>“I’ve... I’ve had enough of that!” Snow raised her voice and banished her shivers, lest she succumb to the Walker Clan’s pressure. “Tell all that to somebody who’s more put together than me! Because I can’t do it! Look at me. I’m a bit strong physically, and I have wings, but that’s it! I’m a weak person! I could never, ever carry out the duties of a noble family this great! I just can’t do it the way you nobles can!”</p>

      <p>However pitifully she was painting herself, she was speaking the truth. And her unvarnished words caused the Walker head’s eyes to snap open.</p>

      <p>“No matter how hard somebody like me tries in a place like this, it’ll never lead to a life of fulfillment for me! Every ounce of me knows that! And a life lived in misery is utterly pointless! The Walker Clan is so stifling, I can’t even breathe! I hate the nobility! I <em>hate</em> them! This isn’t where I belong!”</p>

      <p>Snow’s “mother” swallowed her discomposure in an instant and spoke in domineering tones. “No. That is simply not the case. The House of Walker is the one and only dwelling for you. You’ll rue the day you leave us, Ms. Snow. I’m saying this for your benefit. You <em>will</em> regret it.”</p>

      <p>“I... I’ve <em>been</em> living in regret! All this time! Adding a little bit more on top of all that won’t change anything! That’s why I’m <em>going</em> to escape, no matter how many attempts it takes! Even if I fail, I intend to try and try again! If I run, I’ll regret it. If I give up, I’ll regret it. The regret might not go away, but I’ll show you! I’ll keep on running regardless!”</p>

      <p>Snow did not waver. She stuck to what she truly wanted, pushing past her own weakness of spirit, however unsightly and laughable it made her.</p>

      <p>“How foolish. No matter how many times you do the same thing, the result will remain the same.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll be that fool! I’ll do it a million times if I have to! Don’t underestimate just how pathetic I can be, mother! I will be <em>me</em>, even if that means being a fool who fails the same way over and over again! I’ll run away until <em>you</em> throw in the towel, because <em>I’m</em> not giving up anymore!”</p>

      <p>Hers was no ordinary shouting. It was verging on a magic energy-infused draco-roar at this point. The Walker Clan Head’s expression shifted a tad. The people surrounding us flinched at the surge of power.</p>

      <p>“I might have nothing to take pride in, but I’m still of draconic descent! Don’t go thinking you can keep me caged forever! You’re the ones who’ll regret this and give up! YOU ARE!”</p>

      <p>Those last remarks had turned from mere screams to full-on vibration magic, breaking all the furnishings in the room and rocking not just that chamber but the whole ship. The people encircling us had to fall back.</p>

      <p>Snow and the matron of the Walker Clan glared at one another.</p>

      <p>“Hff, hff...” Snow breathed heavily as the head of the clan quietly stared at her.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t read her expression. As the leader of one of the great noble houses, she didn’t recoil in the face of Snow’s immense might.</p>

      <p>Having said her piece, Snow turned to me, concern written on her face. “Kanami...you don’t mind keeping a wreck like me company?” It seemed all she cared about was my reaction, as opposed to anything to do with the Walkers.</p>

      <p>I didn’t want to cast a shadow on her big moment, so I replied, “Course not. I mean, you did kinda say some of the worst lines I’ve heard, but honestly? I’m pretty sure I prefer you this way, Snow. For starters, you’re way easier to understand than before. And it’s just such a <em>you</em> thing, you know?”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh heh... So you like me better this way... That makes me happy.” Her smile wasn’t the servile one of times past. It was genuine.</p>

      <p>The head of the clan watched us converse, and at last she spoke, glaring at me. “So that knight is serving as your rock, is he?” It looked as though she’d calmly come to the conclusion that I was her true enemy. “I’ve no other recourse,” she said. “We shall keep you at the House of Walker for the time being, Ms. Snow. And expect no mercy this time around. We’ll have a little chat, and you will sit and listen until you cool your head.”</p>

      <p><em>“A little chat,” she calls it.</em></p>

      <p>She was going to attempt to capture Snow, and that was my cue to take the stage. I stood beside Snow and responded to the threat.</p>

      <p>“Madame, do you plan to apprehend Snow here and now?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t say ‘apprehend.’ What will people think? I’ll be discussing things with her as her mother, that’s all.”</p>

      <p>“If you mean to capture her when she’s unwilling, I’ll call people. She might have lost her match, but Snow is still a participant in the Brawl. The Alliance will guarantee her freedom. Even if the Walker Clan and Laoravia are connected, that isn’t true for the other four nations, is it? Granted, if you wish to fight against four other countries, I won’t stop you.”</p>

      <p>“So you’re utilizing the rules of the Brawl, I see. That <em>is</em> a bit of a thorn in my side.”</p>

      <p>She was backing down. It seemed her remarks earlier had been a test of how I’d respond. Of course, she didn’t refrain from issuing further threats.</p>

      <p>“However, the moment the Brawl is over, you will both be encircled by the elites of Laoravia. And even should you manage to escape them, that won’t stay the hand of the House of Walker. I’m sure Ms. Snow will fold to the might of the clan and return to the fold in short order. As her mother, I know these things.”</p>

      <p>“On the contrary, madame,” I fired back immediately, “it’s you lot who will fold to our might and give up on Snow. <em>I</em> know that for a fact.”</p>

      <p>My mounting resentment toward nobles had turned my words scathing.</p>

      <p>She grimaced—finally, a crack in her facade. “Cocksure little runt. As is to be expected of the <em>hero</em> that prodigy, Palinchron, and the strongest, Mr. Glenn, chose, I suppose...”</p>

      <p>“Please don’t get the wrong idea. I’m not a hero. All I’m doing is siding with my friend. And playing favorites isn’t something a hero would do, is it? I’m nothing more than her <em>partner</em>.”</p>

      <p>“You truly are an annoying one, child. How could someone like you possibly be anything but special?” she said, pouting. She heaved a vigorous sigh. “No matter. I shall leave Ms. Snow in your hands for now. But know that she is the Walker Clan’s hero to have. Mark my words, we will ensure she returns. Do not forget that.”</p>

      <p>“I won’t, madame. However, I do believe I’ll be keeping her by my side till my final breath, so allow me to apologize in advance. I’m very sorry for your loss.”</p>

      <p>“Curb your sarcasm, child. I see you don’t much like me. Yet I can’t say I dislike hero types such as you.”</p>

      <p>“Allow me to apologize again, as I very much dislike noble types such as you.”</p>

      <p>I admit it was at least a little because I was venting my antinoble grudge, but either way, I repudiated the head of the clan in no uncertain terms. At that, she let her shoulders droop and leaned back in her chair.</p>

      <p>“Away with you.”</p>

      <p>We had no reason to defy her by sticking around, so we took our leave. But the moment we left the room, I heard her murmurs. She said it so quietly that only <em>Dimension</em> could pick it up<em>.</em></p>

      <p>“I won’t give up. Mr. Will, Mr. Glenn...unlike you two, she truly is the strongest. She’s the only hope I’ve found. She’s <em>my</em> strongest fighter, <em>my</em> hero...”</p>

      <p>She sounded awfully obsessed with Snow. I recalled how Snow had acted earlier. While they were only related in the eyes of the law, they did exhibit <em>something</em> of a mother-daughter relationship.</p>

      <p>As I walked Snow away from that room, our declaration of war against the House of Walker was now behind us. In that moment, one of the problems on Snow’s shoulders had been resolved, but we couldn’t let our guard down yet. I stayed vigilant through <em>Dimension</em> as we exited the high-end ship that was Walker Clan territory.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>“All... All right. Let’s bust this joint. You’ll help me, right, Kanami?”</p>

      <p>The second we left the ship, Snow became weak-kneed and obsequious again, unsure how I’d respond. I smiled wryly, noting to myself how people don’t change in a day.</p>

      <p>“Of course I’ll help you. If anybody tries to take you against your will, I’ll fight ’em off. I’m your comrade in arms, after all.”</p>

      <p>“I wonder if Lady Lastiara will be willing to help me too. I’m not sure...”</p>

      <p>“I’m not sure either. She’s capricious, that one.”</p>

      <p>“R-Really? In that case, could you be the one to ask her? Maybe you could convince her. Heh heh heh...”</p>

      <p>“I mean, I can ask her, but no guarantees...”</p>

      <p>It seemed that Snow regarded Lastiara as one of the people who would step up to protect her. To see her cling to another person like that <em>again</em> was a bit exasperating.</p>

      <p>When she heard my reaction, she made a point of holding her head up high and telling me she was standing on her own two feet.</p>

      <p>“D-Don’t get me wrong. From now on, I don’t mind going it alone, okay? It doesn’t matter if I have a hero or not! I’ll show them I can escape their grasp this time! That said, I can’t lie, I’m still a little anxious. Where should we run to, I wonder? For the time being, anywhere’s fine, outside of Laoravia, but...”</p>

      <p>Despite her trepidation, she was taking the initiative, willing to stride forward on her path. She was so ready to, in fact, that she seemed eager to leave Valhuura and flee beyond the country’s borders right away.</p>

      <p>“Hold on a sec, Snow. There are still loads of folks we need to talk to.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, what? After speaking that harshly to her, I wanna run from mother as quickly as possible. I’ll be real with you, being in the same <em>country</em> as her scares me a ton...”</p>

      <p>“Calm down. We’re in Valhuura during the Brawl. Not even the clan can get too crazy about your defiance at the moment, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, but...”</p>

      <p>She was fidgety and restless. Since she was breaking ground she wasn’t accustomed to, she didn’t know what she should do in times like these. At least, that was what it looked like to me.</p>

      <p>“I’ll ask Lastiara and her group to guard you, so relax... Being with them should soothe your nerves, right?”</p>

      <p>“Sure, but won’t being with them put us in Whoseyards’s sights?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t draw the line there. To put it bluntly, I’m in loads of people’s sights too.”</p>

      <p>“I might’ve guessed... Yeah, knew that already.”</p>

      <p>I did have my reservations. Maybe being at her side would make her situation worse instead of better. I proceeded to tell my depressed compatriot about my future plans.</p>

      <p>“I’m gonna go talk to Maria a second. I’ll wager that after we talk it out, she’ll agree to have her bangle destroyed. Only, considering what happened with my bangle, chances are she’ll counterattack. Mind helping me pin her down, Snow?”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. Now that you mention it, your sister does have a bangle of her own, doesn’t she? Hm. It sounds like a pain, but I’ll help you. I want you to like me.”</p>

      <p>She said she wanted me to <em>like</em> her like it was nothing. I averted my eyes a little in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“You’ll be a huge help. She’s strong, though, so be careful.”</p>

      <p>“What? She’s strong?”</p>

      <p>“In fact, if we’re unlucky, she might even be Lorwen-level strong. She’s harboring the power of a Guardian inside her, see. The Thief of Fire’s Essence, Alty.”</p>

      <p>“The power of a Guardian? Wh-What should I do? I want you to like me, but I also kinda wanna pass if it’s a Guardian I’m fighting.”</p>

      <p>“That’s okay; I don’t think you’ll have to fight. You can just remain on the sidelines, the same as when we Dungeon dived together. That’s enough to give me peace of mind.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, really? In that case, I guess I’ll go with you, maybe.”</p>

      <p>Our back-and-forth reminded me of our conversations from our Dungeon-diving days. Though Snow had decided to fight in earnest, it seemed her heart was still looking backward, not forward. But that was just fine. She was neither being too defeatist nor too obsessive to handle. This was the version of her I could look at with the greatest peace of mind.</p>

      <p>“Cool, then it’s settled. Let’s head for Maria now. We’ll restore her memories by tomorrow, and then...”</p>

      <p><em>“And then?”</em></p>

      <p>My momentum was interrupted, my sentence along with it. Out of nowhere, a pocket of darkness was hanging over the way forward. And from that darkness came Reaper’s voice.</p>

      <p>“By <em>tomorrow</em>, mister? Haste makes waste, don’t you know?” Reaper showed herself, obstructing our path with a smile on her face. “Let me start off by saying congrats, you two! You’re finally being upfront about how you feel. I’m jealous of you both.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t feel like she was lying about that. She really did consider it a joyous occasion, and she truly was envious of us. I’d anticipated her appearance, but Snow hadn’t.</p>

      <p>“R-Reaper? So you were around this whole time...”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’ve been nearby, so I know the gist.” She turned to face me again. “You crossed an awfully dangerous bridge, huh, mister? I didn’t know you’d be that pushy when persuading Snow. Like, I couldn’t sense you were that passionate about it. Not even a little. I figured Snow wasn’t your favorite person, so...”</p>

      <p>“Do I find her the easiest to deal with? No. But that could have been our last-ever heart-to-heart. Isn’t it natural that we expended every effort to hash things out so we don’t regret it later?”</p>

      <p>“Huh...you did it so you don’t regret it later, eh?” Her smile vanished, replaced by a serious expression. “Tell me, big brother. Why are you trying to go where Maria is right now? Shouldn’t you give yourself time to get back in tip-top shape first? Look, you’re wobbling on your legs as we speak. Maria’s no pushover, you know? If you wanna ensure you win, you should get a good night’s rest and fight tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>She did have a point. In order to advance through the Brawl, I had left myself running on fumes. I hadn’t slept a wink, I hadn’t drunk any water, and I hadn’t eaten anything, and on top of all that, I’d fought a fierce battle against Lastiara. If taking down Palinchron was my primary objective, there was no point stretching myself so thin right now. Both my power and Maria’s were going to be necessary to defeat him, yes, but it was foolish to push myself at this juncture if it meant hurting myself. Her reproof was eminently logical, and I worked up a sweat trying to talk my way out of it.</p>

      <p>“Maria’s missing her memories, same as I was. And having gaps in your memory is a torturous thing. Take it from me. I know just how painful it can be. Given that, is it really weird if I wanna get her memories back to her as soon as I can?”</p>

      <p>“It sure is. What if she beats you? That’d mean her memories would never ever come back her whole life! There’s no time limit you have to return them by, so if you’re really concerned about her well-being, you should raise your chances of success by going to see her when you’re in flawless condition. Going to see her <em>now</em> comes across as really contrived.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Thinking about it logically, you might be right. But as you know, there are those times when the <em>heart</em> just can’t accept the logical move. Think of how I <em>feel</em>. On an emotional level, I wanna help her get her memories back right <em>now</em>.”</p>

      <p>Even <em>I</em> felt that argument strained credulity. Needless to say, Reaper frowned. The darkness swirling behind her grew deeper and deeper, as if her suspicion of me was converting directly into shadow-stuff.</p>

      <p>“You’re definitely acting weird. I heard ‘Siegfried Vizzita’ was logical about everything, but now you’re not making the least bit of sense. Why were you being so pushy about helping Snow out? Why are you heading to Maria when you’re totally worn out? Spill it, mister!” Her darker-than-black eyes stared at me. Eyes that would not tolerate any lies.</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s...”</p>

      <p>“Because you have things to do here even after you save Maria?” asked Reaper, right on the money. She had realized what I was actually after.</p>

      <p>I knew I couldn’t bullshit my way out of this anymore, so I gave up and nodded. “Yep, you got me.”</p>

      <p>“What have you even got to do? Once you save Maria, you’ve got no other obligations in Laoravia, right? You’ll be able to go after Palinchron Regacy without a second thought, won’t you?” Reaper frowned deeper and deeper.</p>

      <p>“I’ve got things left to do.”</p>

      <p>“But you don’t, though. So just go already. Go chase after Palinchron. Please, I’m begging you,” she said hoarsely. I shook my head, and in response Reaper started full-on shouting, no longer able to hold it in. “Enough already! Just leave me and Lorwen alone!”</p>

      <p>I stopped bothering to keep up appearances between us. “I can’t leave you guys behind! How could I?!”</p>

      <p>“Why not?! You’ve got bigger fish to fry, don’t you?! You’ve got an enemy you can’t let off scot-free, don’t you?! So go after him! Don’t you go anywhere near Lorwen!”</p>

      <p>“No, I will go. I’ll go see him because we’re friends. I can’t just abandon him...”</p>

      <p>“Friends shmends! What’re you planning to do?! Lorwen’s already got everything! He’s already defeated the ‘strongest hero,’ obtained glory, and stopped lying to himself! You don’t have a place in that picture!”</p>

      <p>“I’m not gonna make the mistake I made with Alty. This time, I know I need to fight. I’m sure that’s the role of whoever faces off against a Guardian. And I refuse to shift that responsibility to anybody else. Never again!”</p>

      <p>If I left everything to Reaper, it’d be Maria and Alty all over again. In the end, Lorwen would sacrifice whatever he had to to duel me.</p>

      <p>“What’re you even <em>talking</em> about?! I don’t understand! I don’t understand what you’re saying, mister! If you see each other, Lorwen will fade away! Why’re you striving so hard to go see him if it’ll kill him?!”</p>

      <p>“Lorwen’s waiting for me... That’s why.”</p>

      <p>Reaper’s expression stiffened. For a moment, it was like time had stopped, but she recovered her smile right away. “Hee, hee hee. You’re right...Lorwen’s waiting for you. Exactly.” She was smiling, but the darkness in her expression ran deep, like she was going into despair mode. “I’ve been watching Lorwen this whole time, so I know. There’s no mistaking it. He’s only got eyes for you. He doesn’t know what he wants anymore, so he’s put his hopes and expectations in the hero who unsealed him.”</p>

      <p>Reaper came to the same conclusion I had. Actually, there was no way anybody could get the wrong idea when it came to him. He’d voiced his own wish more pureheartedly than anyone. How many times had he said it? <em>“I wanna fight Aikawa Kanami in the finals of the Brawl.”</em></p>

      <p>“He’s waiting for you at the highest peak of Valhuura because he trusts you’ll give him the answer he seeks. Knowing him, he’ll keep waiting there forever. But that’s the very reason you can’t go see him!” She shook her head, in evident pain, the smile still on her face. “Betray him, mister,” she pleaded brazenly. “Betray him for that reason.”</p>

      <p>She didn’t say it out of malice. It was all for his sake. That belief was what made her so troublesome.</p>

      <p>“Betray his trust in you. Fall short of his expectations. That way, he won’t vanish. If anything, he might end up with a big new regret. And the more attachments he has, the more set he’ll be! I’ll be able to be with him forever and ever!”</p>

      <p>Reaper retrieved her scythe from within the darkness. It was different from the one I’d seen her wielding when we first met. While the shape was the same, the tenebrous magic energy enshrouding it had swollen up many times over. It writhed ominously, as if to signify her current emotional state.</p>

      <p>“I don’t wanna see Lorwen constantly on the cusp of disappearing! I don’t! That’s why I...”</p>

      <p>She held the scythe out to the side to bar our way. Clearly, she was telling us to defeat her if we wanted to cross. I took my Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword from my inventory and assumed a battle stance myself. I had the resolve to do this. The resolve to oppose Reaper...</p>

      <p>“Out of our way, Reaper. I’m going to revert Maria by tomorrow. And you can bet I’ll be seeing Lorwen too.”</p>

      <p>“Even though I’m begging you on my hands and knees?! You’d <em>still</em> go see him?!”</p>

      <p>“That’s right. That’s one plea I can’t comply with.”</p>

      <p>“A minute ago, you told me you’d be heading for Palinchron! You liar!”</p>

      <p>“You were lying too, weren’t you, Reaper?”</p>

      <p>At that, Reaper knitted her brows in discomfort before shrugging it off and smiling again. “Hee, hee hee, hee hee hee. True. I was lying too, mister.”</p>

      <p>Reaper’s “innocence” vanished without a trace, like a veteran sorceress. The girl before my eyes was no longer the toddler she’d once been. She looked calm and composed as she continued.</p>

      <p>“Heh, looks like leaving the curse-link as insurance was a mistake. I thought I’d be able to read your emotions and actions through it, but that didn’t pan out. Also, I figured that if my not-so-pleasant thoughts about you made it through, you’d naturally want to distance yourself from me, but...you don’t let somebody hating you get to you at all, huh? Sheesh...”</p>

      <p>She revealed her behind-the-scenes scheming in the form of idle complaints, lamenting her failure in an exaggerated fashion. “Sigh. It’s not going my way, is it? It’s really not going my way...”</p>

      <p>Yet she seemed less than cornered to me. If anything, a seasoned soul like her would have suspected it would turn out this way.</p>

      <p>“But you know what? Ol’ Reaper’s got an idea.”</p>

      <p>Those words clinched it; she still had an ace up her sleeve. She blended into the darkness behind her and disappeared. It was her teleportation ability. Then the shroud of darkness itself faded, leaving just me and Snow there.</p>

      <p>“Sh-She’s gone? Kanami, are we gonna be okay after letting her run?”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. I’m pretty sure she’s heading for Epic Seeker HQ, where Maria is.”</p>

      <p>“She’s after your sister?”</p>

      <p>The reason I’d gone to see Snow first was to induce that very outcome. I was convinced that if I got Snow on my side first, Reaper would fly into action in order to use Maria against me. And I was also convinced that Maria would never go along with Reaper’s ploy. I could still remember our battle against the Thief of Fire’s Essence like it was yesterday. I hadn’t defeated Alty. Maria had. We were talking about the girl who had, in that purgatory, gouged out her own eyes, swearing she’d walk forward in life. I <em>knew</em> she wouldn’t get her true desire wrong.</p>

      <p>“I’ll ask you again, Snow. Fight Reaper with me. I want you to help me as my partner.”</p>

      <p>“Help you...as your partner...”</p>

      <p>“You heard me. I’m not going to protect you without you reciprocating. I want you to protect me too.”</p>

      <p>“That’s that equal footing thing you were talking about... I guess I’ve got no choice, then. All right. Let’s start there. That’ll be square one for us...”</p>

      <p>It was a refreshing response from her. I’d been sure she would express reluctance again, so I was pleasantly surprised.</p>

      <p>“You’re gung ho now, huh? A second ago with Maria, you sounded real flaky.”</p>

      <p>“We haven’t known each other for long, but I think of Reaper as a friend. If possible, I wanna get to know her better. So...I’ll come too. I won’t run anymore.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>On an instinctual level, Snow understood that if she ran the other way, she and Reaper would never come to understand one another. That made her a lot better than how I used to be.</p>

      <p>The newly dependable Snow walked ahead of me. “C’mon, Kanami, quick. Don’t you see? If we don’t hurry to Epic Seeker, your sister’s in danger. Can we maybe reach it through your <em>Connection</em> spell?”</p>

      <p>“The portal I placed there dissolved a long time ago. It’s a no-go...but we’ll be okay. I’ve taken measures.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Measures?”</p>

      <p>“Yep.”</p>

      <p>I’d cut Reaper off at the pass. And I’d sent the agent I trusted most, at that. This wasn’t to say we had time to waste, though.</p>

      <p>Snow and I rushed toward Epic Seeker, me swearing in my heart that this time, I’d save everybody.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>It didn’t take long for us to clear out of Valhuura and arrive at Epic Seeker in Laoravia. I don’t think we could have possibly gotten there faster, but the place was already ablaze, smoke billowing from the top floor of HQ where Maria’s room was located.</p>

      <p>Just as we were about to enter the building, we heard a bang and witnessed a darkness-wreathed Reaper grab Maria and jump from the top floor window, followed by Lastiara, who was giving chase.</p>

      <p>The battle had already begun.</p>

      <p>I’d asked Lastiara to guard Maria. She must have intercepted Reaper, who was intent on abducting her. The three of them were now running across the rooftops in the direction of the Epic Seeker training grounds, so Snow and I dashed in that direction as well. We split up, coordinating via our dimensional and vibration magic to block Reaper’s escape route and box her inside the grounds.</p>

      <p>Reaper lowered Maria to her feet and readied her sickle. Lastiara was in front of her, while I was behind her on the right, with Snow on the left. We had her surrounded in a triangle. And so, in a training range with no spectators, this side fight of the Brawl began.</p>

      <p>Lastiara was closest to the enemy. “Give Mar-Mar back to us!”</p>

      <p>“Back to you? Hee hee! Maria told you, she doesn’t want your help! Removing her bangle by force is such a terrible thing to do, miss!”</p>

      <p>“Urgh! Dammit, I shouldn’t have spent all that time trying to remove the bangle! But it was Mar-Mar; I couldn’t just beat the hell out of her like I did with Kanami!”</p>

      <p>Lastiara tore her (newly) short hair in frustration. It sounded like Reaper had attacked while she’d been in the process of taking off Maria’s bangle. As the two of them argued, I calmly used Analyze on Maria, who was cowering next to Reaper.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】<br/>NAME: Maria<br/>HP: 107/159<br/>MP: 832/855<br/>CLASS: None<br/>LEVEL 10<br/>STR 7.69<br/>VIT 7.23<br/>DEX 5.99<br/>AGI 4.45<br/>INT 7.96<br/>MAG 41.1<br/>APT 4.13</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Mind Taint 1.65, Memory Alteration 1.04, Memory Impairment 1.02, Cognitive Impairment 1.34, Darkness 1.33</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【SKILLS】<br/>INNATE SKILLS: None</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Hunting 0.68, Cooking 1.08, Fire Magic 3.53</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Judging by the Condition section of her menu, she was in the same state I’d been in during my semifinals match. She probably saw anybody who approached as an enemy right now.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara! Let’s get hold of Maria first!”</p>

      <p>“Kanami! You never told me Mar-Mar got this strong!”</p>

      <p>“I told you, didn’t I?! I told you there’s a chance she can use a bit of Alty’s power!”</p>

      <p>“It’s way more than a bit! Those flames are no joke!”</p>

      <p>Apparently, Lastiara had eaten a fiery counterattack in the middle of removing the bangle. The hem of her clothes was singed, and her eyes were a tad teary.</p>

      <p>“I mean, I didn’t know she’d gotten that strong either!”</p>

      <p>I’d known that at the end of the events on the Day of the Blessed Birth, Maria had had access to intel on her surroundings via the flames, like Alty had been capable of. But beyond that, I knew nothing. Looking at Lastiara’s current state and her menu, it seemed Maria had used some impressive magic.</p>

      <p>“Lady Lastiara,” stammered Snow, “it’s lovely weather, isn’t it? Um, I’m sorry about the other day...”</p>

      <p>It seemed she’d been waiting for her window to say her words of greeting.</p>

      <p>Lastiara wasn’t going to beat around the bush. “Are you our enemy or our ally?!”</p>

      <p>“I... I’m very much your ally, Lady Lastiara! It’s thanks to you that I’m a new woman! It’ll be my pleasure to lend you a hand! And I hate to quid pro quo it, but I do have a favor to ask later...”</p>

      <p>“All right, I’ll hear you out! But right now, help us!”</p>

      <p>“Certainly! I’ll do my best!” Snow brandished the large sword I’d handed her.</p>

      <p>Reaper’s eyes narrowed. “You predicted what I’d do, eh, mister? You had Lastiara lie in wait for me because she can fend me off. If you’d sent the Apostle instead, I could have taken <em>her</em> hostage. There was a lot more I could’ve done.”</p>

      <p>“Actually, he’s not here due to reasons outside my control...”</p>

      <p>Dia was currently unconscious. And for a really dumb reason too. Of course, had he been awake, I probably wouldn’t have had him join the battle anyway. Against an enemy who could effortlessly teleport behind you like Reaper, our long-distance attack cannon was at a disadvantage. Even if Ms. Sera had been around to serve as transport, I still wouldn’t have wanted him in the fight.</p>

      <p>“In any case, Reaper, you’re now facing three swordfighters who can cope with your absurd teleportation attacks. Stop trying to abscond with Maria.”</p>

      <p>“So it would seem,” she replied. “But I bet you never predicted <em>this</em> little tidbit—I can tamper with Palinchron’s bangles. Hee hee, wonder why?”</p>

      <p>She held a hand over Maria’s bangle, and its darkness grew denser. Maria’s magic energy undulated and swelled, magnifying her animosity to vicious proportions. I had an idea of how that trick of Reaper’s worked.</p>

      <p>“I get it, more or less. It’s because you’ve got a curse-link with the Thief of Darkness’s Essence, Palinchron Regacy, right? And using the magic energy you receive from that, you can manipulate the bangle.”</p>

      <p>Her mouth was agape. “Huh? How’d you...” She closed her mouth and glared. “If you get it, you know not to come any closer. I can sic Maria on you at any moment, you know?”</p>

      <p>“Go ahead. Do it. But don’t be so sure it’ll go that easily for you. Maria won’t mistake what she truly wants, and that makes a world of difference. That’s the reason I chose these conditions for the fight.”</p>

      <p>“Interesting... And what if she doesn’t mistake what she wants? What’re you trying to say, hm?”</p>

      <p>“I’m saying she won’t dance to another person’s tune.”</p>

      <p>The determination to overcome all obstacles and see one’s will realized... That was more important than anything else. Without it, people became weak, no matter how mighty their abilities were. Take me and Snow for example; on paper, we were each a match for Lastiara, but because we hadn’t been true to what we wanted deep down, we’d been ignominiously defeated.</p>

      <p>“In that case, I won’t dance to anyone’s tune either. I won’t mistake what I really want. You can count on that.”</p>

      <p>“I know. It’s my fault you set your mind to all that. It’s my fault, because I thought nothing of leaving my curse-link with you unattended on that day. I’m not here to tell you your wish is untrue. I know that you want what you want from the bottom of your heart. But so long as you stick to that wish even though we all know it’ll lead to Lorwen suffering...I’ve got no choice but to fight.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? My desire sticks in your throat that much, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Lorwen wouldn’t be the only one to suffer. You would too. And as a friend to you both, I can’t stand by and watch.”</p>

      <p>“If you are my friend, that is what you should do, big brother.”</p>

      <p>“No, it’s because we’re friends that I can’t, Reaper.” No way was I backing down.</p>

      <p>Reaper took note of the strength of my will and smiled. “Hee hee. Enough blather. In the end, you mean to stand in my way...don’t you, mister?”</p>

      <p>Palpable darkness grew thicker and thicker from within Reaper’s body, and it swirled around the training grounds, suffusing the space as it went and morphing it into a field where she could manifest her power to the fullest extent.</p>

      <p>“Can you really beat me? I wouldn’t be so sure. If you think you can make anything go your way using your piddly ‘hero’ powers, you’re grossly mistaken! Hee hee hee!”</p>

      <p>She floated at the center of the darkness, laughing at once cheerfully and mercilessly. She exuded the vibe of a witch who’d lived for thousands of years. But she was the Grim Rim Reaper, a spell-construct not even one year old. An excessively vast pool of human experience had been pumped into her. She was no longer in the realm of mere humans. She was well and truly a god of death now.</p>

      <p>“I’m the Grim Rim Reaper! A spell created for the sole purpose of killing humans! I exist for no other reason than that! All living creatures are my prey! Spacespell: <em>Deny Entia!”</em></p>

      <p>The curse-link between us suddenly became thicker, and she was beginning to suck away my magic energy. I immediately closed the link, but her magic energy was burgeoning to boundless heights. Ours wasn’t her only curse-link. I could sense it through the <em>Dimension</em> I’d deployed using the meager amount of magic energy that had replenished within me—Reaper was absorbing magic energy from the denizens of Laoravia. And naturally, that included my allies.</p>

      <p>“Wha?! My magic...” said Lastiara.</p>

      <p>Snow was also losing her magic energy, but unlike Lastiara, she’d seen this coming, so she wasn’t as perturbed.</p>

      <p>I had no doubt Reaper was stealing energy from people with lots of magic energy, like Maria and Dia, as well. She had essentially become the most supreme mage in all the Alliance.</p>

      <p>“I dropped by all sorts of places in anticipation of this moment! I have access to unlimited magic energy now! This is the true power of the curse of the death god!”</p>

      <p>Reaper could feel her mounting power, and it stirred her emotions to a fever pitch, making her awfully talkative. In her mind, victory was assured.</p>

      <p>“My magic energy is inexhaustible! But what about <em>yours</em>, mister? Tell me, is it even up to ‘not enough’ level? It’s so bad it’s interfering with your body’s basic functions, isn’t it? But that’s not all!”</p>

      <p>She clenched a fist, and that was all it took for black magic energy to spread and shroud the sky. The grounds were now devoid of all traces of light. The darkness was complete. If my <em>Wintermension</em> spell could change the world to “winter,” then...</p>

      <p>“Spacespell: <em>Nightmension!”</em></p>

      <p>This spell could change the world to “night.”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t hold your curse-link in reserve just for the sake of monitoring you, you know! It was also because you’re the only dimensional magic specialist who can teach me spells! But I’ve taken enough already! All of your magic is mine now!”</p>

      <p><em>Wintermension</em> was a difficult spell to construct. The average mage probably wouldn’t be able to even understand it. Yet Reaper had, in the space of a few days, gotten a grasp of all of it and fully learned it. It was a lot like the pace at which babies learned stuff. Everything they saw was fresh in their eyes, and for that very reason, they absorbed it quickly. Reaper possessed both the sense for things a young person enjoyed and the experience of veterans. With those two gifts combined, she had reached archmage level in the blink of an eye.</p>

      <p>“Within this darkness, all perception is how I will it! I’m unbeatable! Today, I’m gonna take you down! I’ll be the one to defeat Lorwen’s opponent in the finals tomorrow!”</p>

      <p>Inwardly, she’d been prepared to take down Lorwen’s finals opponent from the very start. This whole time, she’d been confident that she could beat whoever that opponent ended up being. That was why she hadn’t been sweating much of anything.</p>

      <p>She slipped inside the darkness and disappeared. After a moment’s silence, I sensed a spike of palpable bloodlust from behind and swung my Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword. <em>TING!</em> From out of the blackness came her scythe. But the darkness was too thick for me to be able to perceive Reaper herself.</p>

      <p>“Tch. I see you’re still wrapped in a thin layer of dimensional magic, big brother. I’ll just put you off until your energy’s run dry!”</p>

      <p>While I couldn’t see her, I could still hear her. “Lastiara, Snow! She’s coming for you!”</p>

      <p>“Bloodspell: <em>Will Linkar!</em> Blestspell: <em>Light!”</em></p>

      <p>“Shakespell: <em>Vibration!”</em></p>

      <p>But I hadn’t needed to warn them; they were already casting their trusty spells.</p>

      <p>“Hee hee hee! Such incredible spells, you two,” she jeered. “To be so good at both the blade and magic? That’s just overpowered! But it’s all meaningless! I’m <em>made</em> of magic, so I can use his magic better than he can! Spellcast: <em>Riverent Night!”</em></p>

      <p>Given that Reaper had used <em>Nightmension</em>, which was equivalent to my <em>Wintermension</em>, it made perfect sense that she could use what I had to assume was the darkness equivalent of <em>Blizzardmension </em>too. That spell expanded to a range many times beyond what I could accomplish.</p>

      <p>“When you cast this spell, you have constraints, but <em>I</em> can make it as wide and use it as long as I want!”</p>

      <p>Reaper was right; I could only maintain it for a matter of seconds, but she kept expanding it without any effort. She then took the time to meddle with Snow’s and Lastiara’s spells. The darkness magic broke down the inner makeup of their own, causing them to fizzle. The three spells—<em>Will Linkar, Light, </em>and<em> Vibration</em>—dispersed.</p>

      <p>“Ack! My bloodspell! My blestspell!”</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Lastiara! But you’re gonna be fighting without those overpowered moves, thank you very much! You’re gonna fight like Lorwen, using only the blade, within the darkness, okay, miss?!”</p>

      <p>But it wasn’t Lastiara that Reaper attacked. There was another <em>TING</em>, similar to the sound my sword and her scythe had made when we clashed earlier.</p>

      <p>“Whoa! Your skin’s real hard, huh, Snow?! Your dragon scales can deflect even my sickle! But I’ve got the power to burn the world on my side! If you would, O sister of mine!”</p>

      <p>The only source of light permitted to shine within the darkness burned bright.</p>

      <p>“Burn, nixfire! At the mercy of the threads of the world serpent. <em>Agni Blaze</em>!”</p>

      <p>A line of blazing white in a world of jet black. I’d heard it cast before—Maria had just fired a spell that Alty had used. The sharp flames tore through space, rending the darkness as they sliced the air.</p>

      <p>“Urgh! So fast!” groaned Snow from a small distance away. “But...there!”</p>

      <p>From what she’d said, I could tell it hadn’t hit her. Maybe it had been easy to visually detect the fire within the darkness.</p>

      <p>I turned to the companion who could use light magic. “Lastiara! Can you pull a win with one of your spells?!”</p>

      <p>“I’m trying a bunch of things, but not for the time being!”</p>

      <p>“Hee hee! I daresay only a high-order dimension mage can defend against my magic! But you’re out of magic energy, aren’t you, mister?! I told you to wait till tomorrow, didn’t I?!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, well, by tomorrow, you would’ve made off with both Snow and Maria anyway!”</p>

      <p>“I totally would have! Lemme see... Oh, I know! Maybe I would’ve sent you a letter saying a little something like, ‘<em>If you want your allies back, come to the Dhruv Dragon’s castle ruins when you’re due for the finals!’”</em></p>

      <p>“I’m sure!”</p>

      <p>Thanks to the curse-link she and I had shared until today, we could read each other to an insane extent. When we were fighting with our emotions unleashed, we could intuit each other’s schemes aggravatingly easily.</p>

      <p>As she spoke, she sent a slash my way, and I only barely managed to block that great sickle in time with my sword. Our blades crossed, and we shouted.</p>

      <p>“Get some shut-eye, big brother! I insist! You haven’t slept for days, so I’ll put you to bed until after the Brawl’s over!”</p>

      <p>“How nice of you to offer, but I dunno—I feel like if I leave it to you, it won’t be the kinda sleep I wake up from!”</p>

      <p>“But, I mean, your magic energy’s gonna dry up any second now. How’re you gonna fend off my attacks without using dimensional spells? How’re you gonna defend yourself when you don’t got Lastiara’s feel for combat or Snow’s tough skin, hm?!”</p>

      <p>“That’s—”</p>

      <p>“Look, your energy’s running empty as we speak!”</p>

      <p>The more we crossed blades, the more energy I lost. Now that the meager amount I’d replenished after my fight with Lastiara was gone, I was well and truly drained, and my faint dimensional spell dissolved. I could no longer see anything in the darkness. I could no longer perceive anything. It was so pitch-black that it was as though I had my eyes shut.</p>

      <p>That situation reminded me of something that Lorwen had told me several days prior. He’d said my heart and my body were disconnected, and that that mind-body dissonance was impeding my ability to learn his super technique. But I remembered now. I’d taken my memories back and synced up my heart and body once more. That was why I was wise to it now. I understood it well: the Responsiveness skill that was the arcanum of the Arrace School, and the way it truly worked.</p>

      <p>“That’s what Lorwen taught me to do!” I replied, activating the skill.</p>

      <p>Just like he’d said, I already had everything I needed to do it. I was furnished with high enough powers of observation and imitation. The only thing I was lacking was the harmony of body and mind, and ironically, it was Palinchron’s bangle that had provided me with the opportunity to acquire Responsiveness.</p>

      <p>I’d unmistakably used the skill during my mindless rampage. During the match, I hadn’t relied on my dimensional magic, instead exerting my physical prowess down to my last ounce of stamina, causing Palinchron’s curse to make me employ Responsiveness. And I still remembered the feel of the technique; my body only had to use a move once.</p>

      <p>It was easy for me after that. All I had to do was reenact it. Basically, I was perceiving the world not through my five senses, but through my heart’s intuition. I suspected it was a “sense” that was particular to this world, with its magic energy. It was the power to detect the flow of the magic energy that suffused this world—this world’s <em>essence,</em> which was to say, the natural laws underpinning it. That was the true character of Responsiveness.</p>

      <p>Within the deep darkness, I closed my eyes and released all of my magic. That skill was all I needed. I concentrated on detecting magic energy through my skin, not with magic. By grasping the flow of magic energy, I could also comprehend the movements of the living things acting on that flow. And what I felt through my skin was a vicious scythe slash coming for me from behind. I dodged it by the skin of my teeth. The sickle attacks kept coming, but I dodged and I dodged and I dodged again.</p>

      <p>“What the?!”</p>

      <p>She must have detected that my spell had died away. But not only was I not frozen in fear of attacks I couldn’t see, I was moving expertly.</p>

      <p>“D-Don’t tell me...”</p>

      <p>Reaper knew Lorwen better than anybody, so she caught on right away. I smiled faintly.</p>

      <p>“It’s just like whenever I fight Lorwen! You can’t be serious, mister!”</p>

      <p>I smirked boastfully. <em>I’ve reached the same heights Lorwen has!</em></p>

      <p>That got her angry. “Urgh! Fine, then! Maria! Box him in with your fire!”</p>

      <p>While Reaper’s attacks no longer posed a threat, Maria’s did. Even so, I wasn’t worried. I was confident I could talk her down. On that fateful day, I’d renewed my resolve. And she’d made an oath before her closest friend. I had faith that, together, we could overcome even Palinchron’s bangle.</p>

      <p>“Maria! Can you hear my voice?!”</p>

      <p>Her body twitched. I kept shouting to the girl who, thanks to her status conditions, was totally in the dark.</p>

      <p>“If you can hear me, answer me, Maria!”</p>

      <p>“B-Brother?!” she shouted, searching for the source of my voice.</p>

      <p>“No! I’m not your brother! Please, you’ve gotta recall my name! And call for me by that name! You already know it, don’t you?!”</p>

      <p>“Your name?”</p>

      <p>I was trying to get her to summon her memories of that day. She didn’t have to recall them all completely. I just wanted her to relive the emotions of that day, even if only a little.</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re not my brother? Then who are... Your name... Sieg? No, I know your name... I know your real name. It’s on the tip of my tongue...but by acknowledging it, I...”</p>

      <p>She trembled. She was going through what I’d had to. Extricating oneself from the comfortable world of lies meant turning away from the life of bliss all around her. And walking away from that was far from an easy decision.</p>

      <p>“Ow! My head! It can’t be... That can’t be!”</p>

      <p>She’d begun to doubt her memories but still wasn’t quite there yet.</p>

      <p>“Maria! I told you the truth about me! And you said you could trust me now! So I believe in you! If you give up here, you’ll even be giving the lie to what you told Alty back then! Tell me, is that okay with you?!”</p>

      <p>“A-Alty? My...friend?”</p>

      <p>“Alty! Didn’t you say you’d always be watching?! You’re one with Maria now, aren’t you?! What do <em>you</em> think about this situation?! You understand how Maria feels more than anybody. Are you gonna sit by and do nothing while she’s deluded by false memories?! Do you think this is what Maria <em>really</em> wants?!”</p>

      <p>Maria wailed. “Urgh, ugh... Waaaaaaaagh!”</p>

      <p>Hellfire erupted from her body, the pillar of flame swelling to enormous proportions. Thanks to the light it provided, I could faintly make out her tear-streaked face. The blaze was casting the only light in the darkness. She was cradling her pain-racked head as she glared at Reaper. I could tell that even if her memories weren’t back, her past will and emotions had been resurrected.</p>

      <p>“I... I won’t get it wrong anymore! I won’t let anyone lead me astray anymore! Reaper, are you <em>deceiving</em> me?!”</p>

      <p>Reaper stopped fighting me and approached Maria, though the blazing fire prevented me from getting too close to them.</p>

      <p>“Hot, hot, hot! But how?! Is the Thief of Fire’s Essence rejecting the Essence of Darkness?! I... I’ve never heard of such a thing!”</p>

      <p>Fretful and frustrated, Reaper tried to send darkness-element energy into Maria, but the flames burned it all away. Left with no other choice, she tried persuading her.</p>

      <p>“Maria, I’m your little sister! Don’t let him trick you! That boy over there? He <em>is</em> our big brother! You can remember the memories you made with him, can’t you?”</p>

      <p>“My memories with him? I do have some. Memories of when we were kids... I remember when I made him play with me. I remember mom and dad. I remember our family! I have lots of memories!”</p>

      <p>“Yep, those are the ones! You really telling me those are fake?! You can remember those moments, yet you doubt they happened?”</p>

      <p>But that had the opposite effect.</p>

      <p>“I have happy memories, yes. I get that they’re <em>there</em>. But these memories... The fact that I remember my ‘family’ doesn’t make sense.”</p>

      <p>Within the purgatorial flames, she showed a ghastly smile. An expression that said that giving up that life was rougher on her than death itself, but she was prepared to do it anyway.</p>

      <p>“Huh? What do you mean, it doesn’t make sense?”</p>

      <p>“Not erasing my fire magic experience ‘in case push comes to shove’ was a mistake. My fire magic works off burning memories as fuel, and as a result, I lost my memories of my family. I remember that fact through my experience with fire magic. That’s how I know that, by all rights, I <em>shouldn’t</em> have memories of my family.”</p>

      <p>“Hey,” stammered Reaper, “no one ever told me that!”</p>

      <p>“My old memories are gone now, sure, but that doesn’t mean it’s okay to plant fake ones! I know that lies have never saved anybody! That, I know for a fact! That’s right—I’m not gonna get things wrong again!”</p>

      <p>The path that she needed to believe in—her true desire—was indelibly ingrained in her body, whether or not she had lost her memories. One could tamper with somebody’s emotions and memories as much as they pleased, but the fire burning at the depths of their soul could never be extinguished. Maria was living proof of that.</p>

      <p>Realizing that the tide was turning, Reaper sent even more magic energy her way. “Fine! I’ll bend your will through the bangle—”</p>

      <p>“By all means, go ahead and try. I’m used to that sensation. <em>At the mercy of threads and oneiric reeling!</em>”</p>

      <p>Maria was now crafting an even mightier fire spell. It asked a steep price of her. I had gone through something similar, so I could tell. It was the one she activated by burning her past away.</p>

      <p>“If I burn all of these fake memories, I can ensure you’ll never lead me astray again! I’ll have one left to me—my vow to believe in not ‘Sieg’ or ‘Master,’ but Mr. Kanami! That’s the only thing I need to go on living!”</p>

      <p>She was livid that her will had been distorted by an outside hand, completing her incantation in her fury. It was an incantation that burned up her past, but this was the one time it was helping her rather than hurting her.</p>

      <p><em>“Swallow my self! </em>Flamespell: <em>Midgard Blaze!”</em></p>

      <p>From her left shoulder crept a fire serpent emitting brutal quantities of heat. She pointed her left hand at Reaper.</p>

      <p>“There’s no such person as a convenient, doting big brother! I don’t have a brother!”</p>

      <p>Her left arm ignited, scorching away the clothing past her shoulder and charring her skin before melting her bangle. The fire snake shot out of her arm, losing none of its force or speed as it raced through the darkness. It attacked Reaper as it scattered flames all around the training grounds. Reaper fled within the darkness to try and evade it, but the fire ate away at the darkness itself.</p>

      <p>“See that, Reaper?” I said. “You tell me, did Maria get things wrong?”</p>

      <p>Reaper crawled out from the darkness. She’d dodged the blaze by a hair’s breadth, but the residual heat alone had set her right arm alight.</p>

      <p>“Khh, urghhh!”</p>

      <p>The intensity of Maria’s fire magic was absolutely insane. It was burning Reaper’s body, which was made of magic, and her very existence with it. Even though she should be immaterial on account of me having her in my sights, the flames wouldn’t disappear.</p>

      <p>I used the light cast by the fire as my guide and approached. “Maria!”</p>

      <p>She came running toward me. “Mr. Kanami!”</p>

      <p>At long last, we were together again—and this time, in the truest sense.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>