<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: You Came All the Way to Floor 30 for Me, Friend. And So, the Sword Chooses You as Its Master.</h1>

      <p>Dark red blood gushed from Lorwen’s mouth, and the spectators gasped and shrieked.</p>

      <p>“Enough!” said Reaper. “I can’t take it! Don’t leave me, Lorwen! Don’t leave me all alone!”</p>

      <p>Since people were perceiving her, her body became intangible, and her big black scythe did too, leaving the hole in Lorwen’s heart to spurt blood.</p>

      <p>“Don’t strand me with strangers! Without you around, I’ll be the only one who knows the past a thousand years ago! You’ll be making me the only one!”</p>

      <p>She held the bleeding swordsman in place even as she shouted and wept. She was throwing a tantrum like a child—no, a baby. There wasn’t a shred of the experienced mage’s gravitas she’d exhibited the day before.</p>

      <p>Lorwen coughed up more blood, shaking from the pain. “Gaughh! I should’ve...known...”</p>

      <p>Yet he was quite firm of step. His strength was, until moments ago, on the verge of fading into nothingness, but it came roaring back, the outline of his body no longer fuzzy in the least. It seemed he was somehow filled with more vitality than <em>before</em> he’d gotten a gaping hole in his heart.</p>

      <p>“Phew!” she said, relieved. “Lorwen, now...now you’ll become that <em>half-monster</em> thing that guy was talking about, right?!”</p>

      <p>“You wish! This goes beyond <em>half monster</em>! Try <em>instant death</em>, dumbass! Urgh...”</p>

      <p>His blood turned into crystals upon contact with the air. His monsterification had resumed, the metamorphosis accompanied by a bizarre chorus of noises. It was as though he was not being <em>allowed</em> to die as a human being. I could sense the malice of this world in it.</p>

      <p>“No, we can do this! We’ll make it! We’ll just forget this match ever happened! If you become a monster and run away, you’ll lose your prestige and everything else, and your tethers will remain!”</p>

      <p>“No, Reaper, you’re wrong. That stuff’s got nothing to do with it. All I wanted was for someone to remember me... No, my wish is smaller than that. I just wanted to show off for the kids to see. That’s it. And that wish has been granted now. It’s been granted!”</p>

      <p>“But... But look, Lorwen! Your strength’s returned! After I interrupted, you stopped being on the verge of vanishing!”</p>

      <p>It was true that Reaper puncturing his heart had made his power return and stopped him from being able to disappear. She was just wrong about why.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, no duh. After seeing you pull such a stupid stunt, there’s no way I could vanish. As much as I hate to admit it, I’ve got one other attachment! There’s still one left!”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Another attachment?”</p>

      <p>I’d known it from the start. If he hadn’t had more than one, he would have disappeared after teaching me and those kids the blade. He was so close to disappearing but hadn’t yet due to that one last regret to work through. And I reckoned Lorwen had known it from the beginning as well. He just hadn’t admitted it to himself. But he wasn’t making that mistake anymore. No more overlooking the truth.</p>

      <p>“You’re my last tether, Reaper.”</p>

      <p>He faced her and attempted to stroke her cheek, but his hand passed right through. He grimaced with distress, balling his fists.</p>

      <p>Reaper froze in place. “Huh? Wha?”</p>

      <p>“I wanna protect you even more than you wanna protect me. You’re my number one friend, Reaper...”</p>

      <p>“Number one friend?!”</p>

      <p>“But it’s a wish I can never realize. I can’t make it happen... Just by being near you, your drive to kill starts torturing you. Besides...I myself am a danger to others. Who knows when I’ll go berserk and hurt everybody?”</p>

      <p>He knew about her killing urges. That was why he had tried to hide all sorts of emotions and disappear from her world in some way or other. But now he’d realized that concealing his emotions was counterproductive and he was trying his damnedest to tell her how he truly felt. It was a first. He’d never been real with her, always hurling insults her way. He’d only ever divulged his concern for her when he and I were alone.</p>

      <p>“D-Don’t go calling me your friend after all this time, Lorwen! You never called me a friend before, and <em>now</em> you do?!”</p>

      <p>“That’s the reason I decided to disappear! I figured I oughta act like the dead man I am and vanish without causing anybody any trouble!”</p>

      <p>“Why, though? I don’t understand. Why’ve you gotta disappear? Why’ve I gotta be left all alone? Tell me! Why are you doing this?!”</p>

      <p>“I’m dead and you’re alive. That’s the difference, Reaper. You may be made of magic, but you’re alive! And if I disappear, you’ll be freed of your curse at last! The Grim Rim Reaper will finally be allowed to live her life!”</p>

      <p>Lorwen’s heart was overflowing with love for Reaper. I understood how he felt very well. It was how I felt about my sister.</p>

      <p>“So please, I’m begging you, see me off with a smile. I’m asking you as your friend...”</p>

      <p>Reaper trembled. “How can you call me your friend?! That’s hitting below the belt, wording it like that! You and mister both play so dirty!”</p>

      <p>She couldn’t readily agree to such a request. Her tears poured, not just of sorrow but also great joy. Joy that he’d called her his friend. She’d always craved friends, and finally, the person who was most important to her had called her his number one friend. Yet that friend’s request was a harsh pill to swallow for the girl who was so young emotionally. As his best friend, she wanted to help him, but if she did, he would be no more. That dilemma left her unable to move. She lamented that even though she’d pierced his heart, fully prepared to die for it, she <em>still</em> couldn’t change her fate.</p>

      <p>Lorwen held her trembling body to his chest in a comforting embrace. That was to say, he held his arms out just before they would phase through her and made it look as though he was hugging her, all to console her. Then he turned to me, his body still turning more and more crystalline.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, Kanami. You heard all that. I apologize for making you do this, but it looks like I’ve gotta bug you a bit more.”</p>

      <p>“That’s okay; I assumed this would happen before I got here. I’ve got enough juice left in the tank.”</p>

      <p>This finals match wasn’t just between me and Lorwen. I’d been bracing myself for it after being unable to dissuade Reaper yesterday. After all, she was a child at heart, and she would continue to be self-centered and willful to the very end. As her friends, Lorwen and I would hear her out. I’d had a hunch it would play out this way, which was why I’d conserved my MP by fighting Lorwen using mostly what was in my inventory. Of course, Lorwen’s <em>Fon A Wraith</em> attacks had knocked those plans off course a little, but in any case, I could still fight.</p>

      <p>“If I turn into a monster, I’ll lose all rationality and try to destroy everything until my body collapses. I’m real sorry that idiot’s making you do this...” he muttered.</p>

      <p>“Nah, I’m pretty sure this was unavoidable. If you ask me, this was all set in stone the moment you and Reaper met. At least, that’s the feeling I get...”</p>

      <p>Whatever road he went down, Lorwen Arrace was always going to die by Reaper’s hand. That was just how much emotion was packed into the pair from the moment they had appeared on the thirtieth floor.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, you might be right...”</p>

      <p>Though he couldn’t actually touch her head, he “caressed” her affectionately. Then he replaced the peaceful look on his face with a steely expression, removing his kind hands from her and slowly moving away.</p>

      <p>“Please, Kanami,” he said as he took his distance, “protect Reaper from my mindless monster self—or no, from <em>all</em> who would do her harm in this world. If you do that, I should lose all of my tethers for good and be able to fade away...”</p>

      <p>As she tottered, Reaper extended a trembling hand toward Lorwen, but he shook his head and kept on walking. I moved unhurriedly, taking Lorwen’s place by Reaper, and nodded.</p>

      <p>“Thank you,” he continued. “I’m worried sick about her. The little dummy’s the first friend I ever made. In fact, I think of her as more than a friend. She’s like a sister to me. But there’s doubt in my mind, concern that because of her origins, she’s got a whole lot of misfortune and ordeals waiting for her. Yet she’s so callow and easily duped. After I disappear, there’ll be nobody left to protect her. And that made me so anxious...”</p>

      <p>“No need to worry, Lorwen. I’ll protect her. I won’t let anybody take her.”</p>

      <p>“Heh. You serious? You’d even make an enemy out of the state to help her? Do you have the strength to do that?”</p>

      <p>I’d been asked that before. I was used to it now, so I replied without hesitation. “Yeah, I’ll be okay. You know what, why don’t we stop beating around the bush? She’ll take us at our word.”</p>

      <p>In the dead-quiet arena, my words traveled far. At this critical moment, Lorwen was still minding the eyes of the crowd. He was currently playing the role of villain atop the proverbial dais of this enormous theater ship. He smiled. “You’re being awful cold there, buddy. The end’s upon us, so what’s a little bit more playtime between friends? This might as well be my last will, ya know?”</p>

      <p>“Well, if time runs out while we’re chatting, don’t come crying to me. Your ‘last will’ will become pretty lame at that point.”</p>

      <p>We traded these easygoing quips with smiles on our faces. We were being as flippant as when we had decided on the ruleset, both wanting to part ways with a smile.</p>

      <p>Then, as he distanced himself even more, he spoke as if to the sky above. “All right, fine. I’ll stop being coy.”</p>

      <p>All the while, blood continued to spill from his heart, turning the ground from white to crimson. That bright-red blood immediately coagulated, changing color again upon transforming into the pillars of crystal. More such pillars were growing from everywhere on his body. There wasn’t much time left.</p>

      <p>“Allow me to test whether I can entrust Reaper to you,” he continued. “Consider this the Trigesimal Trial. Sorry you ceded the title of Blademaster to me, but...what you have to do is...”</p>

      <p>He was calling it a trial, just like Alty before him. Crystal twined around his Mithril Sword. The pillars all over his body started morphing into a third arm, and he unsheathed the Corrupted Blade of the Arrace Clan at his waist. He pointed both swords my way. “Surpass the Blademaster. Surpass the strongest. Surpass the hero. Surpass Responsiveness! Surpass <em>me</em>: Lorwen!!!”</p>

      <p>“D-Damn bro. Demanding much?” I stammered back.</p>

      <p>“Oh, and protect not only Reaper but everybody here from me. I mean, knowing you, you can probably manage that. I believe in you.”</p>

      <p>“Everybody here, huh? I’m surprised just how much faith my friend’s got in me...”</p>

      <p>“I do have faith in you,” he said, looking straight at me. “That’s why I can say this with a smile. Kanami, show me your power. Flaunt your strength. If you do, I’ll be able to trust you with Reaper in good conscience. This time, I know my wish will be granted to perfection, and I’ll be able to fulfill my role as a Guardian too. We’ll tie absolutely everything with a neat, no-regrets bow!”</p>

      <p>In the face of his unwavering confidence in me, I had no choice but to rise to the challenge. “Got it. I’ll undertake the Trigesimal Trial.”</p>

      <p>“Than...k you...Kanami...”</p>

      <p>Lorwen spoke through the blood pouring from his mouth. His monsterification was proceeding apace, and his store of magic energy was growing. This was the magic energy not of Lorwen my fellow human, but the Thief of Earth’s Essence—the monster. The undulation of his energy affected not only his body, but the whole arena. Shoots of crystal began sprouting from under the snow-white ground, an assortment of mineral flowers blooming.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha! Now then, let’s enjoy my last will! Guess I’ll show off just a little bit more!”</p>

      <p>All of the pillars on his body turned into separate crystal-arms for a total of eight. His hair shifted from chestnut to white, his eyes turning crystal clear. The battlefield likewise transformed; the ground was brimming with crystalline blooms in a rainbow of colors, making for a fairy tale fever dream of a flower garden that was claiming more and more ground.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, everyone, but that’s it for our opening act! From this point forward, the battle between me and Kanami—the Guardian of Floor 30 and the challenger who reached me—will begin! I can’t guarantee the safety of you spectators, so do watch out! Everyone who’s putting their life on the line to keep watching, don’t you dare blink, because now is when the <em>true</em> finals of the Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball actually begins!”</p>

      <p>The arena was fast approaching what Floor 30 looked like. His world of crystal was spreading on top of my world of winter, and the barrier was creaking. The torrent of his overflowing magic energy was all it took to rock the massive theater ship <em>Valhuura.</em></p>

      <p>The shaking was nigh earthquake level; the audience’s shrieks grew louder. Lorwen’s declaration had caused a commotion, and since they could sense this transformation was extraordinary, the stands were beginning to turn unruly and out of control. This affair had intensified past the scope of a mere big-ticket fighting tournament. That said, Lorwen did call the upcoming battle “the finals.” The way I saw it, he must have wanted a friend to fell him during the match.</p>

      <p>“This place—yes, this very theater-ship <em>Valhuura</em>—is the thirtieth floor! The floor of Lorwen, Thief of Earth’s Essence! Forgive the hasty construction, and for borrowing this place without permission, but think of this ship as the thirtieth floor of the Dungeon! Now, it’s time for the Trigesimal Trial! The fI<em>na</em>ls s<em>t</em>art no<em>W</em>!”</p>

      <p>In addition to losing his form as a human, he was losing his humanlike speech. His monster form reminded me of a spider, and his voice was strangely muffled and low in tone. Soon, he had completely transformed into the Thief of Earth’s Essence. And with that declaration, he started walking. I too strode forth, with Reaper at my back.</p>

      <p>Before we got too close, while Lorwen’s human mind was still in him, I shouted, “Here I come, my friend!”</p>

      <p>“<em>I’m rIGht HeRe, KaNami, mY friEnD!”</em></p>

      <p>Lorwen’s face was covered in stone, turning into a not-face much like Tida’s. He responded to me by moving his crystal mouth, which brought with it the crunching sound of stone on stone. His eight crystal arms reached out to attack me, and I responded with all my might. Thus did I reach the thirtieth floor, in a sense, for the first time.</p>

      <p>The Trigesimal Trial had begun.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>We dashed, crushing some of the crystal flowers underfoot. I swung my sword to overpower the monsterified Lorwen. There was no vestige of his old appearance. He was hanging on to a semblance of humanity, albeit barely, but with those eight arms of his, he reminded me of a spider. Crystal pillars sprouted from his entire body, and his skin was covered with a unique sort of mineral. The mineral shielding covering his legs was particularly thick, almost like armor.</p>

      <p>Our swords locked, but now that he was a monster, the blade was no longer his sole means of attack. The other six unarmed appendages reached for me, flailing wildly in their bid to flatten me. The simplest calculations now took me four times as much work, but all the same, I continuously dodged them without much difficulty.</p>

      <p>If there was any method to the madness of his flailing, I couldn’t see it. He was merely swinging at random, intent on destroying the foreign element before his eyes. Compared to the masterful swordsmanship Lorwen had displayed moments earlier, there was a night-and-day difference in finesse. I slipped through all eight arms and plunged my sword into his torso, which was punctuated by the distinctive crunch of stone.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>