<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 6: End of a Dream</h1>

      <p>A dream, this was.</p>

      <p>The dream that the young man dreamed the moment he crossed over, attended by his two best friends. After the battle, as he turned into particles and faded away, amid the brilliant white light, the chestnut-haired young man, Lorwen Arrace, saw these visions. The continuation of a dream from before.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The chestnut-haired boy invited his friends to a deserted, run-down mansion, and many children came to visit, running around the estate. These were not the children of nobles, but the children of commoners you could find anywhere. In the end, the boy was never able to enter the rich kids’ circle, but it seemed he’d made friends who were more wonderful than they would’ve been anyway.</p>

      <p>The children were now playing pretend. Imitating knights, they simulated a sword fight using twigs, laughing and smiling as they swung their “blades” and vied for the top spot. The chestnut-haired boy was the most skilled of them, and that could come as no surprise, seeing as he swung his sword nonstop, day in and day out. If he couldn’t be number one here, his efforts would be in vain. When the children saw the boy’s prowess, they praised him in undisguised amazement. Their remarks were always very simple. A “That’s amazing!” or “You’ve worked so hard.”</p>

      <p>The boy took pride in it, overjoyed his rigorous daily training hadn’t been a waste of time. And among those praising him were the two with black hair, the two he was proud to call his best friends. There they were, there to see him. And that made the boy happier than anything else. He was so happy he could hardly bear it. He’d lived for this. For that was indeed the reason he’d swung his sword all this time. It was for <em>them</em>.</p>

      <p>The boy played for hours and hours. He had so much fun playing that he lost track of time. But all things must come to an end, and the more fun one had, the shorter the time. Night fell upon the world, and one by one, his friends started heading home, until finally, he had to part ways with his two black-haired best friends as well. But the boy had nothing left to do. His wish was fulfilled, his efforts rewarded, and he was utterly content. That was why he was able to say goodbye with the biggest smile of his life. He’d been lucky enough for what he thought was the best goodbye there could be.</p>

      <p>After parting ways with his two best friends, the boy was left all alone in the dilapidated mansion once again. Alone in this world that was coming to an end. Black was dyeing all that he knew. The forest and sky disappeared. The shabby mansion was vanishing, its creaking hallways and cobweb-covered rooms fading to nothing. The furniture, the family crest, the sword, everything was becoming no more. Everything. It was the end, and it was now. Yet after all was said and done, the boy looked satisfied. Even all by himself, he had a blissful smile. He no longer swung his sword well into night like a boy possessed, no longer envied the nobles in their stately mansions. The boy had realized his true desire and worked through his lingering attachments. He didn’t fear the end.</p>

      <p>As the world crumbled around him, he crawled into all that remained: that old bed. Then, exhausted from all the play, he closed his eyes, smiling as he fell asleep. That smile was proof that the life he’d lived hadn’t been pointless. After a thousand years, the chestnut-haired boy, Lorwen Arrace, had found his prize.</p>

      <p>At long last, he could sleep peacefully.</p>

      <p>After that long, lengthy battle, at long last...</p>

      <p>He could rest in peace.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>