<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: Beginnings of a Dream</h1>

      <p>My oldest memory? That pointlessly huge, desolate old mansion. The residence was pitch-black and there was dust everywhere. The ceiling invariably played host to numerous cobwebs, and walking the corridors was accompanied by the kind of creaking where you couldn’t be sure the floor wouldn’t give out under you. And the smell...oh, the smell. It reeked of wildlife, bad enough to make your nose curl. The mansion’s walls had crumbled in places, and peering into the darkness revealed an abundance of moss. An estate unfit for human habitation.</p>

      <p>That was where I traced the origins of my story. For some reason, I’d been gripping a straight sword about as long as I was tall, dragging it around with me as I paced around the building day after day. Why was I pacing like that? I couldn’t remember. Nor did I know what series of events had led me there. It was all such a distant memory. There was very little I could recall, but even so, I could be sure of one thing: the mansion was my home. I was Lorwen Arrace of the House of Arrace, and I had a sword in my hands.</p>

      <p>Using that sword, I trained every single day because I’d heard that anyone born to the noble House of Arrace always learned the blade. Who was it who told me that again? I got the feeling it was my mother.</p>

      <p>Believing in that family tradition, I swung my sword over and over again, day after day, from the time I was a mere not-so-able-bodied kid. I would swing it from morning until late into the night, never resting. In the pouring rain, I swung it. As the winds did rage, I swung it. Under the scorching sun, I swung it. In the freezing cold, I swung it. On days I suffered from a fever or fits of the shivers, I swung it. Always alone, always swinging.</p>

      <p>The blade was my everything. I’d known that if I descended the mountain, there were kids my age to be with. I’d known that mansions far more handsome than this dilapidated hovel were there too. And I’d known, even at my very young age, that those were all Arrace Clan estates. I’d also known that I wasn’t allowed to show myself to the kids playing there.</p>

      <p>I’m pretty sure I faithfully followed that Arrace Clan directive. I never uttered a peep in protest as I aimed my efforts at becoming what the clan dearly desired: the strongest swordfighter. And that was because I believed that if I could just climb the ranks as a swordsman and obtain <em>glory</em> and <em>prestige</em>, they’d have to acknowledge my worth. I’d been convinced that I could stroll right into the splendid-looking mansion at the base of the mountain as a noble myself and be with the kids, who seemed to be having so much fun playing together.</p>

      <p>And that was how the story of Lorwen Arrace began.</p>

      <p><em>I wonder if that run-down mansion’s still around.</em></p>

      <p>A thousand years had passed. I knew there was no way it could be, but still, I thought about it. Nostalgia. Another lingering attachment. Even if the House of Arrace saw me in unsympathetic terms, to me, the clan was everything. The world had rejected me, and I’d been unable to form a connection with anybody else, so the clan was extremely dear to me. All I had in my head was the clan and the blade. And to respect my parents’ last request, I grew into a young man who worked hard so that the clan could further thrive and flourish.</p>

      <p>In accordance with clan rules, I became a worthy swordmaster who used no magic. All things considered, I think I did a good job sticking it out. For a kid who had been discarded and forced to live alone in a dilapidated home, I got pretty damn strong, if I do say so myself. The boy who did nothing but train by swinging his sword one day found himself working on the battlefield. Was it because I was innately talented, or because I’d trained way too hard? Honestly, it was probably both, but in any case, I was good at swinging a blade around. I was able to slay the enemy before they could get going, whether they were a monster or a person.</p>

      <p>It didn’t take long for me to see how strong I was. I did everything I could on the battlefield, wanting my feats to be recognized. I sallied forth to cut down the enemy, fully expecting to be seen as the hero that way. And if I could become the hero, then <em>this</em> time... This time, the House of Arrace would have to commend me.</p>

      <p>I lived my days rending one enemy after another. To be honest, my memories of those battlefields were the haziest, maybe because things were so repetitive back then. No matter where the battle took place, all my memories were tinged with dark red. I just killed and killed and killed and killed, and my face and clothes were always covered in blood.</p>

      <p>Before long, the combatants feared me as “the Reaper.” I don’t really remember how famous I got. I had a hunch I was reasonably high status. If I was remembering right, I’d even been called upon by the state and had served as the imperial guard of Her Grace the Saint. Given my sordid origins, that was quite the promotion...except that none of it <em>felt</em> real. I’d saved the lives of the royals countless times, and I’d even beheaded a dragon as huge as a mountain in one blow. Once, I’d slaughtered an army of over ten thousand by myself. And I knew I must have taken the heads of over a hundred famous generals. But I never <em>felt</em> like the hero. Nobody ever praised me or said I was amazing. The most they ever said was that I’d done as expected, with that stiff look on their faces.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t lost on me. They weren’t calling me the hero. They were calling me a monster. Not once had I ever attended a nobles’ ball. Any time I met somebody’s eyes, they’d turn pale and avert their gaze. Time and time again, they sent me to dangerous battlefields just to get rid of me for a while. And I never even thought about refusing orders; I craved more feathers in my cap. I wasn’t the brightest, and like an idiot, I sought only glory and prestige. If I could just grab hold of glory, then surely they’d acknowledge me, praise me. Surely all my efforts would be rewarded. I believed that, so I kept on fighting, friendless and alone.</p>

      <p>I was always so, so alone. The only people around to give me any company were corpses. No enemy could beat me, so I took their lives in droves. And the comrades who swore to fight alongside me never survived long on my battlefields. Every one of the people I wanted to protect was taken hostage and died. Yes. They died, one and all...and all because of me.</p>

      <p>Naturally, rumors started flying that consorting with me meant signing one’s death warrant. So no matter how many military exploits I put in my ledger, no one applauded me. They simply sent me to the next battlefield without giving me any reward. I’m sure both the enemy and my “allies” wanted me dead. I vividly remembered the fear in the eyes of those nobles in the castle.</p>

      <p>At all the most perilous battlegrounds, I was there, stained bloodred and standing alone atop the mountains of corpses I’d built. Once, upon seeing me like that, an ally went mad and attacked me. I’ll never forget it...the first ally I ever killed...</p>

      <p>No one treated me as anything but a monster. There was no respect, only fear. No praise, only discrimination. Was I <em>ever</em> accepted as a respectable noble? Was I ever allowed into their circle? I couldn’t remember.</p>

      <p>That was the story of my past life. After that, I’d become a <em>real</em> monster. A real monster who, in search of glory and prestige, did nothing but slay enemies. Lorwen Arrace, the Reaper who frequently appeared in the wars a thousand years ago. Oh, he was strong, all right. Strong enough to be called unparalleled in all the world. The way he moved, he could show up at the center of the enemy regiment out of nowhere like so much mist and start chopping off all their heads before they even took note of his presence. These weren’t tactics of war. No, at that point, Lorwen Arrace was just a natural disaster.</p>

      <p>Against the Reaper in the army of the south, the northern army played the strongest card in their hand. They sent the legendary mage, the one they called the Founder, to end me. Needless to say, they weren’t so thoughtless and rash as to have the Founder face a swordsman like me head-on. She cast a spell in the form of an assassin whose sole purpose was to take my life. And the name of that spell was the Grim Rim Reaper. She was the Founder’s magnum opus, and just like me, her abilities were focused on nothing but killing. Furthermore, she took the form of a very young girl. One with a mind of her own.</p>

      <p>To be honest, I didn’t see what made her different from any kid on the block. And when she appeared before me, she said, “Hee hee hee! Let’s <em>play</em>, Lorwen!”</p>

      <p>She invited me to play with her. She saw me and smiled innocently. She never once averted her gaze, and fear never tinged her eyes. Much to my surprise, she survived combat against me and came to challenge me many, many times.</p>

      <p>“Wha?! Lorwen, how are you not dead after <em>that</em> attack?! How can you see behind you?!”</p>

      <p>Always taken aback by each of the sword techniques I displayed against her, she would reply all bubbly and innocent. I distinctly remembered the events that happened from that point onward. Thanks to her, the memories were no longer dyed in such dark red. That was how happy she made me. It was like she’d given the world a fresh coat of paint.</p>

      <p>“Wow, Lorwen! You’re the first to ever deflect my scythe!”</p>

      <p>She praised me. She viewed me with open respect. And she was cheerful and lighthearted enough that it was like talking to a friend.</p>

      <p>“Hee hee hee! You’re so strong! That’s my archenemy for ya!”</p>

      <p>The more I fought and talked to Reaper, the more my heart pumped to life, and the more a fire was lit inside my long-cold body. Shivers went down my spine, a smile cracking my frozen expression. While sparing her brought me neither glory nor prestige, I just couldn’t bring myself to kill her. I identified with her, in a weird way that only us deathbringer monsters could identify with each other, and it was a connection I valued.</p>

      <p>At some point, I started going easy on her. I tried talking to her so many times, in case we could settle things amicably, but she never paid attention to my attempts; she always said that killing me was her duty. These fights to the death were the totality of the spell-construct, the Grim Rim Reaper’s way of life, and also the way she communicated. Once I understood that, I figured I’d engage with her in her way. I kept battling her, always drawing things out by ending the fights in ties and forgoing food and sleep. It was probably because mortal combat was also the only thing in <em>my</em> life, the blade my only means of communication. As embarrassing as it was, I let the fighting between us continue day after day like I was play fighting with a friend. But those were the only moments when I managed to forget I was a member of the Arrace Clan. I felt so light, so unburdened. I could forget my responsibilities and everything else and <em>play </em>as a little boy with the little girl before my eyes.</p>

      <p>Our “play” continued for a long time. Even as the end of the world drew near, we kept at it. We lost track of time, fighting and fighting and fighting until the land itself swallowed us up.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>“—wen! Mr. Lorwen!”</p>

      <p>Someone shook me by the shoulders as I sat in my chair, and the dream I’d been having dissipated. I got the feeling it had been very nostalgic, but I couldn’t remember it well. Lately, my dreams had all been that way.</p>

      <p>“Hm? What is it?”</p>

      <p>I opened my eyes and turned to see a young man in an extravagant cape. His name was Glenn Walker—the hero who held the title of the strongest person in the Dungeon Alliance. At a glance, he seemed like a timid and gentle man, but he was in fact a redoubtable and vicious force that could be called a living arsenal of assassination methods. It was a mode of strength I didn’t particularly prefer, but it was certainly true that when it came to fighting other people as opposed to monsters, he was powerful enough to be called “the strongest.”</p>

      <p>He flashed me a wry smile. “To think you’re able to take a nap at a time like this... Mr. Lorwen...”</p>

      <p>I scanned my surroundings. There wasn’t much in the way of furniture or decoration, but it was a nice room that was pretty spacious. Sadly, the packed crowd of boorish louts really spoiled the room’s ambience. They had swords at their waists and were glaring at me with stern looks on their mugs. I could tell that they were all concentrating so that they could join forces and cut me down if I made any funny moves. Not that they were enough to be a match for me. That number was missing a few zeroes.</p>

      <p>“I’m used to this sorta thing. It’s no biggie.” I closed my eyes and leaned back in my chair again.</p>

      <p>Glenn sighed. “Ha ha... I expected no less of you. Guess I was right; my being here feels sort of pointless...”</p>

      <p>There was, in fact, no point in Glenn keeping an eye on me, but it couldn’t be helped. I was a finalist in the tournament, but at the same time, I was under arrest as a monster, and Glenn had been the only opponent who had put up a decent fight against me. It only made sense for the managers of the Brawl to want him to watch over me until the finals commenced.</p>

      <p>“It’s not pointless. Your being here’s a big help. I can kill some time this way.”</p>

      <p>“So, I’m good for killing time, huh? Oh, by the way, while you were asleep, Liner Hellvilleshine came. I can’t let you two meet, so I politely asked him to leave, but he seemed rather worried. Would you mind if I ask how you know each other?”</p>

      <p>The kid I’d saved a few days back had apparently come to see me. How conscientious of him. I didn’t feel like seeing him again, though. I’d already taught him what I could and left him what I wanted to. Now he was Team Kanami’s problem.</p>

      <p>“He’s my number two disciple of the blade. He’s still green now, but I’m sure he’ll be strong one day.”</p>

      <p>“Really? I’m a bit jealous. He got to learn your techniques from you.”</p>

      <p>“It wasn’t much. I just taught him the right frame of mind, that’s all,” I said lightheartedly.</p>

      <p>The air around Glenn suddenly changed. “Anybody would be jealous, not just me. You’re the strongest in the Alliance, after all. You mustn’t forget that.”</p>

      <p>The words hit me with a slight pang of sadness. I’d defeated him in our match, taking his title of “the strongest” in the process. That bit was fine. That wasn’t what bothered him. Far from it—he’d been meaning to cede the title to me from the moment he laid eyes on me. He’d even come to me before the match to tell me I was worthier of the title than him. The problem lay in what happened after the match. The Alliance’s treatment of me had changed on a dime, and I’d gone from a no-name sword-slinger to <em>the hero </em>in their eyes. You could say the world he lived in had been turned upside down.</p>

      <p>On my way back from the arena, I’d been surrounded by a small army of total strangers. Once I finally managed to pull away from them, nobles had rushed to where I was lodging, approaching me for all sorts of stuff. I was dragged to a ball at the center area, where they thoroughly grilled me on my background, identity, and parentage. Next, they started talking about medals, accolades and peerages, rounding things out by asking about my life plans for the next few years. As I wasn’t part of any group, they were more than curious about who I’d get on with and what faction I’d join. They were all quick to sing my praises, but for some reason, it didn’t make me happy in the least.</p>

      <p>However, I met all their brownnosing with a forced smile. I figured I had to behave in a manner befitting the man who had defeated Glenn Walker. If young Liner, who was used to these sorts of balls, hadn’t gone with me, I probably wouldn’t have been able to even break free from the siege of nobles.</p>

      <p>After extricating myself with Liner’s help, I went back to my room with a dead look in my eyes. I soon realized those eyes were the same as Kanami’s used to be. The nobles’ ball, a mark of one’s prestige, was a different animal from what I’d pictured in my head. I could almost cry over how ungainly the <em>hero</em> I was striving to become actually was. Maybe Kanami had known that before it had dawned on me. He must have started taking exception to the “hero” concept the day he went to that ball with Snow, after it all hit home for him<em>.</em></p>

      <p>Snow must have been aware of that truth too. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have wanted to foist the hero position on somebody other than herself. I’d learned my lesson: the image of the hero in my head was a total illusion. I’d thought that if I could cross the proper glory threshold, a fun life full of fun things would be awaiting me. I’d thought that if I could become the hero, it would make me happier. I’d thought that if I could live among nobles as one of them, I could make lots of friends. But reality was too harsh for that. And I couldn’t even run from that “glory.” Because once someone obtained it, it tagged them like a shadow whether they wanted it to or not. Far from a ticket to happiness, it was a veritable curse. I acknowledged that.</p>

      <p>I met Glenn’s expectations of me by acknowledging aloud that I was the hero now. “Yep, that’s right. I <em>am</em> none other than the strongest in the Alliance. Sorry if I was being weirdly humble; I know it can come across as a bit sarcastic...”</p>

      <p>I suddenly found myself wanting to hear Kanami and Snow. I just wanted to be with them and enjoy a pleasant chat, like we used to at Epic Seeker all the time. I wanted to talk to my friends, who must have gone through the same thing as me.</p>

      <p>“Glenn, am I actually going to be allowed into the finals?” I muttered, the words coming out of my mouth unbidden. I knew the chances were slim, but still, I hoped. I hoped that once the finals began, somebody would be standing there to save me.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay. You might be a monster, but that doesn’t matter. I’ll make sure you can participate, even if I, Glenn Walker, pay for it with my life.”</p>

      <p>“Sorry I’m causing you all this trouble... I shouldn’t have acted without consideration.”</p>

      <p>During my match with Fenrir Arrace, which had directly followed my round with Glenn, I had declared that I was a monster. I knew that ever since then, Glenn had been making the rounds patching things up for me.</p>

      <p>“Considering both sides’ positions, it can’t be helped. You said what you said for Mr. Fenrir’s sake, didn’t you? He’s the head of the House of Arrace and the current Blademaster, after all. You wanted his defeat to be at the hands of his forefather and not some no-name swordsman, right? I definitely understand wanting to defend the good name of one’s clan.”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t do it to protect the good name of my clan, though...”</p>

      <p>In our match, I’d absolutely crushed my own descendant, Fenrir Arrace. While he’d been known as the Blademaster here in the Alliance, the epoch barrier was thick. The Blademaster from an era of peace and the Reaper from an era of savagery: the gap between us was evident. And no gap was bigger than the way the House of Arrace had changed over time. Compared to the clan I was familiar with, it was a different beast in the same skin. The continuity of the bloodline, I didn’t question, but the clan’s traditions and the swords being passed down through the generations were all so different. They might have <em>seemed</em> similar, but they were something else entirely.</p>

      <p>The House of Arrace that I knew was never so praiseworthy. In other words, the clan that I’d tried to protect a millennium ago was no longer anywhere to be found. That fact filled me with despair, and I was assailed by a horrid sense of isolation. Naturally, not one ounce of me wanted to protect the House of Arrace. Not even close. All I’d wanted to do was <em>flee</em>. Flee from the cheers and applause I was getting, the sight of Fenrir on his knees before my eyes.</p>

      <p>“I... I only said that because I couldn’t endure all the applause. It wasn’t for him...”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Even so, Mr. Fenrir is grateful you did that. And even if he isn’t, you did, in fact, safeguard the reputation of the clan. He’s actually helping to get you into the finals as we speak,” he told me with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Fenrir Arrace is helping me?”</p>

      <p>“It looks like the old man’s thinking what I am, more or less.”</p>

      <p>It seemed they each understood how the other was feeling, and Glenn definitely considered Fenrir dependable. His expression reverted to a serious one.</p>

      <p>“We have one wish. All we want is for Lorwen Arrace, inheritor of our titles of ‘the strongest’ and ‘the Blademaster,’ to fight Aikawa Kanami.”</p>

      <p>The expectations the two had placed on me were a bit heavy, but their wish was my wish too.</p>

      <p>“Yep. I wanna fight him,” I said, meaning it from the bottom of my heart. I was the one who wanted my match against Kanami to happen the most.</p>

      <p>After seeing my expression, Glenn hastened to cheer me up. “You don’t need to worry, Mr. Lorwen. You <em>will</em> be there for the finals tomorrow. And so will Kanami. I guarantee it, because that’s what everyone wants.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Glenn.”</p>

      <p>Thanks to him, I felt a bit easier. I turned my gaze to the nearby window. The pure-white curtains were swaying in the breeze. The soft wind stroked my bangs. It felt nice. Even nicer, the clear skies out the window looked gorgeous. As the beauty of this world a thousand years after my time soothed my soul, I counted all the things I’d lost. These past few days had been truly heady. While I’d come closer to my lifelong goal of becoming the hero, I’d stepped on the threshold of the glory I’d dreamed of and felt only despair, and I’d learned that the House of Arrace I had dutifully served no longer existed. It was quite the shock.</p>

      <p>On the other hand, I also got the feeling that I was closer to my true path. I figured that if I used the process of elimination, I could pinpoint what it was I truly desired. My answers were close. I could practically <em>taste </em>it. But I wanted to see them before I reached the finish line. I wanted to see Reaper. To see Kanami. Maybe it was indulgent of me, but I wanted us to get closer to the true path as a trio, and I wanted my life to end with the three of us smiling and laughing.</p>

      <p>Would the two of them come to see me at the finals tomorrow? I doubted Reaper would. She was angry with me. And now that Kanami had his memories back, he would be putting me on the back burner...</p>

      <p><em>That’s so sad.</em></p>

      <p>If the two didn’t come to see me, I would end up fading into nothingness without any familiar faces around, and that would feel so lonely, having to face the end by myself <em>again</em>. It would make all my effort up until now intolerably meaningless.</p>

      <p><em>So please, I’m begging you guys. Please, Reaper...please, Kanami...I’m waiting here. Waiting for you both. And I’m sure I’ve </em>been <em>waiting for you since forever ago. Ever since I paced around inside that beat-up old mansion... Lorwen Arrace has been waiting all this time for some friends to come visit.</em></p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>