<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1"><div class="main">
      <p>My Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword bounced right off. While it made a tear in his clothes, it didn’t leave so much as a dent in the crystal underneath. This was the blade that had sliced through the crystal in the Dungeon, meaning the hide of the Thief of Earth’s Essence was leagues harder than even that. I fell back, and how did Lorwen respond? Not with his swords or by giving chase. No, he cast a spell. He held one arm above his head, and earth-element magic energy crawled along the ground. His energy permeated the ground beneath the snow, and a sorcery I’d never seen was being crafted. I couldn’t interfere with it via <em>Wintermension</em>. It was like with Alty—there were never any gaps to exploit in spells cast by Guardians.</p>

      <p>“<em>Ka...ahh...spellcast: ohh... Foniaaaaaaa!!!”</em></p>

      <p>The voice leaking out of his throat was like a mix of percussion instruments, its range difficult for the human ear to detect. His throat had become so hard that it was losing its function as a vocal organ. Then, various minerals sprouted from the ground at his feet like a pinholder. Amethyst, sapphire, pearl, topaz, emerald—a swarm of shining and colorful, if misshapen, jewel swords came for me, determined to make skewered meat of me.</p>

      <p>I jumped to the side to avoid them. I’d never seen the spell before, so it had caught me off guard, but it had taken time to construct. I could move after he activated it and still have plenty of time to dodge. It was so sluggish it was almost presumptuous to compare it to Lorwen’s light-speed swordsmanship.</p>

      <p>The problem was that I wasn’t the only one subjected to his magic.</p>

      <p>“Urgh! Lorwen, he’s...he’s attacking me too!” shouted Reaper sorrowfully nearby.</p>

      <p>Like me, she’d been leaping out of the way. Since she could also use <em>Dimension</em>, her ability to evade was pretty high up there, but she couldn’t hide her shock that Lorwen’s magic had been fired in her direction as well.</p>

      <p>I had a duty to protect her. In the event that she couldn’t withstand his magical offensive, I’d have to step in to defend her.</p>

      <p>“I... I...” she stammered. Not knowing what to do, she fled to where his magic couldn’t reach her, effectively being driven off. I was relieved to see she was in the safe zone.</p>

      <p>I then released all the ice magic I’d cast on her, since she’d lost her desire to attack thanks to Lorwen’s remarks. Besides, I couldn’t spare the magic energy on her anymore.</p>

      <p>The throng of gem swords Lorwen had generated were stretching high into the sky, and several of them stabbed the sky barrier, cracking it. Moreover, he started incanting in order to activate a large-scale spell. His battle strategy had completely changed; he hadn’t taken a single step away from his starting spot. This was the combat style of a mage, not a swordsman.</p>

      <p>I was about to dash toward him, eager to finish things, but then...</p>

      <p>“Mr. Kanami! Please wait!” shouted the presenter from the side, using his magic mic from his place of refuge outside the barrier. “Management has concluded that Mr. Lorwen’s no longer of sound mind and that he’s completely monsterified! This is no longer a competition! There’s no need for you to fight it alone! Starting now, we’ll handle this using the combined forces of the Alliance!”</p>

      <p>I shouted to be heard over his magnified voice, not just for his ears but for everyone’s. “It’s not over yet! Our finals match isn’t over yet! Please don’t enter the fray!”</p>

      <p>Looking closely, I saw all the soldiers and knights lining up outside the barrier. They could be commanded to storm the battlefield at a moment’s notice.</p>

      <p>“We can’t justify treating Mr. Lorwen as a legitimate participant anymore! His form is far removed from the proper form of a <em>person</em> as established by the Church of Levahn! We’ve already decided to eliminate him from the Alliance as a monster!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t go bellyaching just cuz he’s changed forms a bit! You lot oughta focus on keeping the crowd safe!”</p>

      <p>“But we cannot allow such a thing! People are already—”</p>

      <p>Several soldiers were trying to come in through one of the entrance gates. Whether they were rushing in because it was demanded of them or because they wanted to make names for themselves, I couldn’t tell you, but even from a distance, I could see that they were champing at the bit to slay Lorwen.</p>

      <p>“Tch!” I headed toward them, and as I dashed, I felt a sharp blast of bloodlust from behind. I grasped precisely what was going on not through Responsiveness but through <em>Dimension</em>.</p>

      <p>Each of Lorwen’s eight arms was now gripping a crystal sword. Still incanting his impending whopper of a spell, he brutishly hurled several of them. Their target wasn’t me, but the fresh foreign elements that had entered the barrier—the soldiers.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Wintermension: Frost!</em>”</p>

      <p>Fortunately, there were a number of puddles on the ground. I transmitted my magic energy through the water to create a wall of ice, making the wall rounded to deflect the crystal swords that flew its way. But Lorwen simply generated even more crystal swords, tossing them one after the other. I couldn’t divert all of them using just the ice wall.</p>

      <p>Jumping into the line of fire at full speed, I deflected the flying swords with my own, stopping the final one with my bare hand. The soldiers behind me looked pale. I couldn’t blame them for that; from the moment they’d entered the barrier, a blitz of blades had started whizzing in their direction at hard-to-track speeds. But while they were white as ghosts, there wasn’t a scratch on them.</p>

      <p>I breathed a sigh of relief. If even one person got hurt, I’d be breaking my promise to Lorwen. And if I broke my promise, I could never overcome the Trigesimal Trial.</p>

      <p>Tossing aside the crystal blade in my bloodied hand, I balled it into a fist. “Don’t just waltz in like that, please! Otherwise, your lives are forfeit!”</p>

      <p>The frigid winds of <em>Wintermension</em> buffeted them, and they froze up.</p>

      <p>“If you’ll excuse me!”</p>

      <p>I violently grabbed their bodies and flexed my brute strength to fling them back toward the entrance gate, and they tumbled through the corridor. At a glance, they might have gotten a bit dinged up in the process, but since it was me and not Lorwen who had done it, I figured I was safe.</p>

      <p>“This is our fight!” I screamed. “We’re fighting in the finals of the Brawl right now! You’re really gonna be so <em>rude</em> as to barge in on our match?! You onlookers just need to stay in your seats and watch! Mr. Emcee, sir, have I said anything wrong?!”</p>

      <p>“No, you’re too right, Mr. Kanami!”</p>

      <p>If I got more intruders, I wouldn’t be able to protect them all by myself. That was just how strong the Guardian was. I had to implore everybody to help me out by staying put.</p>

      <p>“We’re still duking it out in this here arena—no, this <em>theater!</em> And Valhuura is bearing witness! Didn’t you all come to see the finals?! Doesn’t Valhuura welcome one and all, criminal or otherwise, to throw their hats in the ring? And now you’re telling me you wanna end our match without the say-so of the fighters themselves?! These are the <em>finals!</em> Don’t be such wet blankets! Please let us end our match properly! In fact, it’s incumbent on you to allow it! You agree with me, don’t you, people?!” I cried, appealing to the shaken spectators.</p>

      <p>After hearing me make my case, the crowd was abuzz. Just as I was about to shout at them more, hoping to power past their apprehensions, a pompous, affected voice rang out—but it wasn’t the emcee this time. This voice sounded so familiar.</p>

      <p>“He’s absolutely right! A fight belongs to its fighters! And above all, it’d be a crying shame to end the match here! Kanami beat me, and he declared he’ll surpass the Blademaster, surpass the strongest, surpass the hero! Let me tell you, I’d rather die than pass up the chance to watch this! I’m sure he’ll be just like the hero of a storybook—no, he’ll be even <em>stronger</em> than one. He’ll defeat the monster, just you wait!”</p>

      <p>“L-Lord Elmirahd Siddark?!”</p>

      <p>Elmirahd had swiped the mic from the presenter’s hands to address all in attendance. And he’d said what I most wanted everyone to hear. It seemed he’d grasped how I felt faster than anyone else, taking action to help us press on with the finals.</p>

      <p>His speech went from in-your-face to a more polite, even tone. “Esteemed ladies and gentlemen, you’ve no need to worry. As a guildmaster, I promise that whatever attacks might hit the stands, Supreme shall take responsibility for everyone’s defense. I vow that nobody will receive so much as a scratch on their person. So the finals must go on. I won’t let them end. I refuse to.”</p>

      <p>Elmirahd was the eldest son of one of the most influential noble clans, and well-known throughout the Alliance. After his remarks, the mood in the venue changed. I’d been of the opinion for a while now that he was better suited to inspiring people like he’d just done rather than combat. His unyielding pride and determination coupled with his handsome looks and melodious voice could move hearts and minds. He had lit a fire in the noisy, discomposed crowd. The feeling Elmirahd had given voice to, the sentiment that it would be a damn shame to miss out on this match, spread through the stands.</p>

      <p>Another voice, loud enough to rival the magic mic, rang out. “L-Listen, everyone! Please let Kanami and Lorwen Arrace fight to the last! We of Epic Seeker are in agreement with Supreme! R-Right? We are, right?!”</p>

      <p>It was Snow’s vibration magic.</p>

      <p>“Snow! Of course we are!” shouted Ms. Tayly.</p>

      <p>The members of Epic Seeker all stood up in a show of solidarity.</p>

      <p>“You heard her. Can’t have ya forgetting our guild. Our master’s fighting his hardest out there. We’d be remiss not to back him up.”</p>

      <p>They all expressed their support of my position for everyone to hear. It could be argued that this place, this hour, this very match was granting the folks at Epic Seeker their long-held dream. They’d been on the lookout for someone fitting the “hero” role for quite some time. That was why they were yelling that the fight must continue with a passion more fiery than anyone else. The guild members were all holding their respective weapons at the ready, insisting at high volume that they’d protect the audience. Their zeal was the spark that ignited the stadium.</p>

      <p>I rode that excitement, calling out to the presenter, or rather, to the people in the back who were deciding whether or not to press on with the tournament.</p>

      <p>“The folks in those guilds will keep you safe! So please, give me a little bit more time! Please!”</p>

      <p>“B-But, Mr. Kanami,” said the presenter on their behalf, “it appears the barrier isn’t going to hold much longer! At this rate—”</p>

      <p>The incantation Lorwen had been weaving at the center was now over. He incanted with a voice like metal, “Spellcast: <em>Amond...Fonia!”</em></p>

      <p>Within the barrier, his magic energy swelled and expanded, and gemstone swords came sprouting from the ground, in incomparably greater numbers than before. The countless gem swords pierced the sky, and I dodged and weaved my way through them. From the side of the gem swords, freshly formed blades extended to attack me.</p>

      <p>I evaded the weapons coming at me from all directions by the skin of my teeth, but the barrier couldn’t do the same. When the super spell struck, it shattered like glass. What the presenter had feared was now a reality. The solidified magic energy of the barrier came apart in shards that flew through the sky, threatening to rain down on the audience.</p>

      <p>But I just watched, not an ounce of concern in my mind. A firestorm was suddenly generated above the stands, its flames swallowing up all the shards and burning them to nothing. It was Maria’s magic. She’d been quiet this whole time, but it turned out she’d been weaving a spell in anticipation of the situation.</p>

      <p>Thanks to her, most of the fragments disappeared before hitting the floor. The few that made it past were deflected by the brave warriors who wanted the finals to continue, among them the Seven Celestial Knights. They did a fantastic job ensuring the audience came to no harm, and a new barrier would be immediately erected. Soon, it would be as if the current barrier had never collapsed.</p>

      <p>“Blestspell: <em>Inbirable Field!”</em></p>

      <p>“Blestspell: <em>Inbirable Field!”</em></p>

      <p>Dia and Lastiara were in the front row emitting white light, reconstructing the barrier and making it thick enough to hold off all of the gem swords stretching from above. The two of them working together resulted in magic that surpassed the barrier the tournament management had prepared.</p>

      <p>Maria, who was next to them, muttered in a low voice that only I could hear, “If some shards do wind up flying toward the stands, I’ll burn them all away. Please fight without reservation, Mr. Kanami.”</p>

      <p>The top powerhouses among the Brawl participants were substantiating our guarantees of the spectators’ safety. The crowd erupted at the sight of one super spell after the other, and more and more folks were saying they wanted to see the finals through to the end.</p>

      <p>Elmirahd smiled and laughed. “Oho! Looks like it’s more than just my guild that wants to see this battle continue! As far as I can tell, the elites who made it some way into the Brawl, not to mention the Apostle and the princess and the knights of Whoseyards, are helping us keep it going as well! If you still have misgivings even with this many of the best of the best pitching in, how can I take that except as a slight against us? Now then, I wonder what the ladies and gentlemen from management will say?!”</p>

      <p>It was a nasty tactic but the most effective thing to say. The tournament organizers, who were waiting in the back, accepted his words, though not before some hand-wringing.</p>

      <p>“Th-The fight will continue!” shouted the presenter. “The show must go on, right?! We’ve got no other choice, do we?! I mean, I myself want them to fight it out! I want to see the finals! Mr. Kanami, we won’t let anyone interfere anymore! Please, fight your heart out! The Brawl isn’t over yet!”</p>

      <p>He’d cheered me on in his most buddy-buddy tone all day, but now, for the first and only time, that felt nice and comforting.</p>

      <p>“You heard him!” shouted Elmirahd. “We’ve attained the official go-ahead for the fight! Now, Kanami, all you need to do is win! Win like the hero would! Be more gallant and bold than any hero! Surpass the concept and fight! Fight and show me what a <em>true</em> hero’s like!”</p>

      <p>“Elmirahd, Don’t let me hear the word ‘hero’ come out of your mouth one more time! I was gonna fight anyway!” I yelled back.</p>

      <p>The stands were alive with excitement once again, engulfed by a wild enthusiasm. It looked like this unusual situation was starting to get them pumped up. Spurred on by their audible passion, I dashed for Lorwen, who was at the center of the arena crafting another spell, and came at him with a slash.</p>

      <p>“<em>...sh...rystal!”</em></p>

      <p>He stopped constructing the spell midway through and unleashed it in a spontaneous discharge. Seeds of sparkling crystal scattered from his body and attached to the ground and pillars. The seeds immediately sprouted, and the crystal plants undulated and grew like living creatures. They tangled around the pillars, turning the battlefield into a veritable spiderweb.</p>

      <p>I closed in on Lorwen as I dodged the crystal vines, aiming for places where his skin had not yet crystallized and swinging with every intention of dismembering him, only for his eight arms to stop my blade. He was letting sheer quantity speak for itself, swiping randomly using all eight swords and trying to cut me into pieces. <em>Trying</em> being the operative word—he was just too slow.</p>

      <p>Don’t get me wrong, after turning into a monster, his attacks had become downright ferocious. An onslaught from all directions that fast and hard could only be described as deadly. Any boss monster belonging to any floor numerically below the thirtieth wouldn’t last a second against it.</p>

      <p>But compared to when he was human, it felt like a game of patty-cake. While they did pose a threat, the attacks didn’t feel as though they were coming from a zone that was beyond my reach. Put bluntly, his swordsmanship had become less than skilled. Just like Tida before him, it was pure aggression that relied on sheer speed and muscle. Not a trace remained of the skill with the blade that had captivated all the spectators; he was clearly weaker now. The mastery he’d cultivated as Lorwen Arrace—no, as a human being—was disappearing. Before his monsterification, he’d countered any and all of the moves I’d tried on him. He’d even invented a new technique on the spot to best me.</p>

      <p>But that was no longer the case. He was just letting me do him in without coming up with a well-considered countermeasure. He was merely going berserk, hoping his vast magic energy and physical strength did the trick. That made slipping through his attacks child’s play. I thrust my sword into a gap in his crystal armor.</p>

      <p>“Ahh, gahh, ahhhhh!!!”</p>

      <p>His screams sounded like two coins rubbing against each other. The blood spilling from his wound turned into crystal. I figured it would encase my Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword, so I hurriedly pulled it out. Crystal soon covered the wound, and the bleeding stopped, leaving me with no choice but to search for another gap to attack. I slashed and slashed at the uncrystallized parts of his skin, and each time, the wound hardened, any formerly noncrystal parts vanishing.</p>

      <p>My rush against Lorwen was amping up the crowd even more. I alone, as the one who was fighting, knew that I wasn’t actually overwhelming him. After enough of my strikes, his entire body had fully hardened, and there were no more weak spots.</p>

      <p>Now a juggernaut of crystal, he attacked, his moves bereft of technique or tactics. He was the picture of a mindless, raging monster. But with his entire body covered in gemstone armor, his suicide charges were proving effective. Whenever his random flailing left him open, I slammed my sword into his crystal body with all my might.</p>

      <p><em>CLANK. CLANK. CLANK.</em></p>

      <p>I was dealing no damage. No matter how open Lorwen’s long, sweeping strokes made him, I no longer had an effective means of exploiting those openings. I now knew that this impregnable defense was the true strength of the Thief of Earth’s Essence. It was just a hunch, but I reckoned that entity couldn’t be wounded by any mineral in this world. That was one of the essential laws this world operated by, or at least, that was what I surmised.</p>

      <p>Thinking about the spells I’d witnessed thus far, the most destructive and devastating one sprang to mind, and I crafted it. “Spellcast: <em>Ice Flamberge: Impulse!”</em></p>

      <p>Back when I’d found myself unable to destroy the raycrystal in the Dungeon, Snow had managed it by adding in her vibration magic, so I mimicked that magic now. I covered my sword in cold, turning it outward at precisely the moment the slash connected. The image in my head was no longer restraining the vibration, it was <em>releasing</em> it.</p>

      <p>Like the effect Snow’s magic had on her targets, I made the stone vibrate from the outside. But to no avail. While I was an expert at quelling vibrations with my magic energy, I was crushingly terrible at making things vibrate <em>more</em>. Lorwen took the <em>Ice Flamberge: Impulse</em> attack to the gut but swung his blade at me, unperturbed. I was forced to magnify the cold and try to freeze him over. Unfortunately, neither intensifying nor subduing vibrations had any effect on his stone body.</p>

      <p>“Damn! Spellcast: <em>Ice Flamberge!”</em></p>

      <p>He didn’t take a defensive stance. He didn’t even flinch, swinging at me with abandon. Though I blocked a crystal arm with the flat of my sword, I was knocked into the air by his absurd brawn. As I hurtled across the arena, I pointed my hands toward the ground and worked my magic on a puddle.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Midgard Freeze!”</em></p>

      <p>The puddle turned into ice in the shape of a serpent, whose maw attacked Lorwen from underfoot. It bit into his torso and lifted him up, but he grabbed it with his hard and powerful arms and crushed it to bits. Ice magic just wasn’t doing anything—but he was in midair now. I adjusted my stance and leaped up, using the suspended crystal branches as footholds to get above him. Aiming at his defenseless form, I brought down my Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword with every bit of strength in me.</p>

      <p>“Break! BREAAAAAK!”</p>

      <p>I slammed him into the ground. At the same time, <em>Midgard Freeze</em> totally shattered, its ice shards glistening in the air. I saw that Lorwen had gotten up below, bathed in that breathtaking diamond dust. There wasn’t a scratch on him. He wasn’t taking damage from slashes, and he wasn’t taking damage from blunt force impacts either. Utterly unscathed, he waited for me while I was up in the air and defenseless.</p>

      <p>“M-Magic Power Freezing!”</p>

      <p>I stretched my blade to the ground to pivot away and change where I was going to land, avoiding being filled with holes by his eight swords by a hair’s breadth.</p>

      <p>I straightened up and gritted my teeth. I’d landed a critical hit, and I’d tried everything I could think of to add to the attack power using magic energy, but Lorwen hadn’t taken any damage. It felt like I was playing an RPG and seeing nothing but zeroes after attacking. His sky-high defense was nullifying all attacks. So what now?</p>

      <p>It didn’t take me long to find the answer. Or no, I didn’t <em>find</em> it. I already had the answer. It was the same as when I’d fought Reaper—Lorwen had already told me the answer. All that was left was to replicate it. It was probably what the Trigesimal Trial was meant to teach, and the trial wouldn’t end until I learned my lesson, as Lorwen wouldn’t feel safe leaving things to me before then.</p>

      <p>As I dodged his attacks, I incanted, <em>“I... I leave you behind, world!”</em></p>

      <p><em>Remember.</em> <em>Remember everything that happened from the moment I met Lorwen</em>. <em>Remember his words, his facial expressions, his mannerisms and habits, his feelings, his wishes</em>...</p>

      <p>If I could understand all of those things, then surely the incantation would be successful. Lorwen would continue to live as part of me, and I could even pay the price for the spell.</p>

      <p>“<em>You’re the one who rejected me first, world. That is why I shall live by the blade</em>—damn!”</p>

      <p>It didn’t work. This was different from my fight with Alty. It wasn’t <em>my</em> incantation, so it didn’t ring true, and I was nowhere close to reproducing the spell. I knew that <em>Fon A Wraith</em> fired a sword slash from outside the realm of awareness. Could I maybe substitute <em>Form</em> and <em>Connection </em>for it<em>?</em> I had no doubt that dimensional magic was a necessary ingredient.</p>

      <p>I contemplated dozens of alternative patterns and combinations, but I didn’t feel like any of them would do the trick. It was doubtful the spell could even be recreated using magic energy to begin with. I’d just wasted magic energy on a spell I’d failed to craft, and Lorwen summarily attacked me, charging as he incanted his own spell.</p>

      <p>“...<em>quo...lalax!”</em></p>

      <p>I easily dodged the crystal sword, but at that very moment, half of the eight swords ruptured, exploding into buckshot that attacked me from the side. Thanks to <em>Dimension</em>, I was able to predict the effect of the spell before the crystal broke into pieces. I used Magic Power Freezing to widen my blade, making it a makeshift shield to deflect the bullets. The ice shield shattered in an instant, and it wasn’t able to deflect all of it, but I was able to minimize the damage.</p>

      <p>I eyed my injuries as I checked my menu.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】<br/>HP: 262/293 <br/>MP: 189/751-100</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I could keep going. I probably wouldn’t be taking too much damage so long as I had magic energy left to use. Lorwen was so lacking in any decisive blow that I felt confident about that. But the ability he’d gained in exchange was tremendous. It would cause me to lose the match in due time, like a slow-acting poison. I had to find a way to complete that incantation, and quickly. I had to become the inheritor of Lorwen’s blade and show him that I could protect Reaper in his stead.</p>

      <p>But the more flustered I got, the farther off victory seemed. Lorwen kept bum-rushing me, swinging his swords randomly and casting spell after spell.</p>

      <p>“...<em>oh, glint! Earth Way... Quo...den!”</em></p>

      <p>He unleashed a wide variety of earth-element magic. The crystals captured light and reflected it internally. The light was gathered via magic energy and then released at singular points. I created a film of ice particles to attenuate the magic light rays, leaping out of the way. When I landed, the ground underneath me shook as violently as a huge earthquake. The battlefield itself was moving thanks to his earth magic, the crystal sand beneath my snow wriggling like it was possessed.</p>

      <p>But there was even more magic than that. A spell shooting rock bullets. Magic that made a tsunami of the sand. A spell that animated the crystal into a moving monster. A spell that restricted the opponent’s freedom of movement with a sand whirlpool. A spell that caused crystal swords to rain down from the sky. If I hadn’t deployed <em>World of Winter</em> earlier, I’d have bitten the dust five spells ago.</p>

      <p>By knowing the effects of each spell before it activated, reading where they would go through Responsiveness, and fleeing to the least dangerous spot on the battlefield over and over, I managed to make it through alive. But no matter how ably I dodged those attacks, I couldn’t do anything about my flagging stamina and impending exhaustion, and my magic energy wasn’t infinite either. Meanwhile, Lorwen’s physical strength and magic energy were showing no sign of losing steam. He was always at full power. It looked like a bottomless amount of magic energy was gushing out from within him. Sure, you’d never expect a boss in an RPG to just run out of steam, but come on. This was plain unfair.</p>

      <p>“Hff, hff, hff!” I was panting as I pushed through Lorwen’s tireless onslaught. I wanted to fight from a greater distance away if possible. I would have liked to jump ship, escape to the river, and use more of the terrain to my advantage. Unfortunately, if I strayed too far, Lorwen would shift his attention elsewhere, and he’d mindlessly start targeting other people. I couldn’t have that. I was sweating profusely, and I smelled blood on my breath. I was approaching the limit of my stamina.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】<br/>HP: 260/293 <br/>MP: 79/751-100</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>If my MP ran out, I’d have to dip into my life force in order to cast spells. And if I was driven into that much of a corner, I could be sure that Lastiara would jump into action. She was watching from the sidelines because she could, through her skills, directly see how I was doing. But at this rate, I wouldn’t be able to overcome the trial, and Lorwen would be treated as a monster by the people of the Alliance.</p>

      <p>The realist in me could see that that destiny was approaching. Little by little, feelings of resignation were nibbling at my heart. If I strained myself too much and someone got hurt, that would only make Lorwen sadder. I understood that much. It would definitely be <em>safer</em> if everyone started working together to fight him as soon as possible. I wouldn’t be getting the best ending, but it would be the next-best outcome.</p>

      <p>Besides, the whole idea of me passing this trial of his was just his one-sided hope. Nothing guaranteed that I was necessarily even <em>able</em> to pass it. And if I couldn’t, Lorwen would just laugh it off with a “Ha ha. Guess I was a bit unreasonable, huh?” I understood that full well too. If I calmed down and thought about it rationally, I’d see it made a lot of sense to just give up without fighting on and running on fumes.</p>

      <p>That was a valid conclusion... It was...</p>

      <p>“Wh-Why yooooouuuu! FUCK OFF WITH THAT!” I swore as I deflected his eight blades.</p>

      <p>My fatigue was mounting, my arms leaden and heavy. My focus was waning as well, and little by little, Lorwen’s arms were getting the better of me. Was it a valid conclusion? My gut was screaming otherwise. I didn’t want to lose. I didn’t want to give in or compromise. I wanted to live up to his expectations. I wanted to overcome the Trigesimal Trial and do Lorwen the favor of erasing his attachments completely. We were almost at the end. I was convinced. Using <em>that</em> spell, I could cut him. But with so little left to the match, I’d failed at reproducing the incantation.</p>

      <p>As I gritted my teeth in frustration, Lorwen continued to attack me mercilessly. And after a long, long battle, I’d finally reached my time limit.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】<br/>HP: 260/293 <br/>MP: 2/751-100</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I was all out of magic energy.</p>

      <p>“Urgh!”</p>

      <p>I was at my limit physically as well. I was tripping over myself, throwing my stance off, and Lorwen’s crystal swords came for me. Unable to keep up my dimensional magic, I could no longer fully read the trajectory of his swings, and Responsiveness was telling me that it would be tough to evade them all unharmed. Getting wounded would spell the end of the Trigesimal Trial. It would end with me unable to overcome a single thing, and I couldn’t stand the thought.</p>

      <p>It was then that it happened.</p>

      <p>“<em>I leave you behind, world.</em>”</p>

      <p>A clump of darkness crossed in front of me. A black blade poked out of it to fend off the crystal swords. Reaper, the rightful third participant of this match officially speaking, had entered the fray. And that incantation was definitely Lorwen’s. But it rang truer for her than it did for me. She wrapped her body in darkness, deftly switching between detectable and undetectable by the people around her, and exerting her charred right arm and frostbitten left arm to wield her scythe and fight.</p>

      <p>“Mister, you’re not even gonna <em>think</em> about giving up on my watch!” she shouted as she swung her sickle forcefully.</p>

      <p>Lorwen was blown back, opening some distance between him and me. Reaper used the time that had bought to cast off her shadow shroud and turn around. Her cheeks and nose were flushed red; she’d been crying her eyes out.</p>

      <p>“R-Reaper?”</p>

      <p>While her face was streaked with tears, the look in her eyes betrayed an uncommon determination. These were the eyes of someone with the resolve to accept their own death, but her purpose was even greater than that. These were the eyes of someone prepared to accept the death of one important to them.</p>

      <p>“I know Lorwen like the back of my hand!” she shouted as she sniffled. “I’ll be the one to incant the spell! All you need to do is swing your sword! Fight him to the very end with your blade!”</p>

      <p>A heat flared in the back of my neck, the emblem she’d created there glowing. Through our curse-link, a whole host of things were streaming into me. I wasn’t stealing her magic energy; she was pouring it into me of her own volition.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】<br/>HP: 260/293 <br/>MP: 582/751-100</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>My body was now overflowing with magic energy. This was different from my cold brand—hers was hot, and it was flowing into me. Needless to say, her emotions and memories were mixed in too.</p>

      <p>“I’m his friend too! We’re friends too, so let’s grant Lorwen’s wish <em>together!</em> That’s what I truly want, deep, deep, deep down!” she cried.</p>

      <p>Reaper’s life up until now flowed into me. The days she’d spent alongside Lorwen. All the emotions she’d felt. The new wish she’d decided on. I gained an understanding of her heart, and it felt like it was on the verge of getting torn to shreds by her grief. It was so sad that just empathizing with her brought tears to my eyes. Yet she was still taking Lorwen’s words to heart, taking up her scythe, while the tears were still streaming. Just like Lorwen and Snow, she was rising up on her own two feet after years and years of suffering.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Reaper... I was about to make the wrong choice again. Looks like I keep needing your help to realize stuff...”</p>

      <p>In the back of my mind, I’d resigned myself to not needing any help from Reaper. I’d gotten a big head, thinking I could beat him by myself. But that was misguided. There was no rule that to protect Reaper, I couldn’t call on her help directly. If anything, it was impossible to protect her without her cooperation.</p>

      <p>“You’re right... There’s no need for me to be the only one to understand him. There are three fighters in this match. Let’s do this together, Reaper!”</p>

      <p>My will to fight had been fading, but her emotions brought me back from the brink. I stood by her side and gripped my sword tighter.</p>

      <p>“Lorwen! I’m not gonna just sit and let him protect me all day! I can fight too!” Reaper cried.</p>

      <p>The darkness of <em>Nightmension</em> flowed out from her body. Her world of shadow now joined my world of winter and Lorwen’s world of crystal. We didn’t have to exchange words for me to know where Reaper’s sights were aimed, and I had faith that she understood me too. The power of the Grim Rim Reaper’s curse-link had turned us into a pair of battle-forged brothers-in-arms.</p>

      <p>“Let’s do this, Reaper!”</p>

      <p>“Let’s, big brother!”</p>

      <p>I jumped forward from head-on while Reaper slipped into the darkness. The moment Lorwen and I locked swords, she attacked from behind, and Lorwen couldn’t respond to sneak attacks from behind. The sickle smacked into him, and Lorwen stumbled, whereupon I hit him with a lightning-fast sword strike, slamming an <em>Ice Flamberge</em> loaded up with generous amounts of magic energy down on him.</p>

      <p>He roared as he ate our vicious blows, unleashing an attack on his new enemy. But in the face of our functional telepathy, that proved pointless. Reaper was always lurking in his blind spot and striking whenever and wherever he was open. I kept fighting him head-on so that Reaper could attack at her full potential. Whenever I was in trouble, she came to my rescue. Whenever she was in danger, I came to hers. The monster called the Thief of Earth’s Essence had no recourse against Lorwen’s two best friends.</p>

      <p>“This is what I can do, Lorwen!” she shouted. “This is the Grim Rim Reaper! Look how strong I’ve become! And I won’t be selfish anymore either! So you don’t need to keep worrying about me!”</p>

      <p>In the space of a few days, she’d truly become a force to be reckoned with. Since she’d taken all her fighting technique from me, she was comparable to Lastiara in terms of her combat capabilities. Of course, she wasn’t just stronger physically; her heart had become stronger as well. Reaper was now able to accept the painful reality that she had rejected the day before. That wasn’t like the flimsy “growth” she’d gained from using her curse-link. By experiencing the worry and woe she had, she’d grown in a much truer sense.</p>

      <p>Reaper and I continued scoring hits all over Lorwen’s body, but that alone wouldn’t be enough to defeat him. After all, the body of the Thief of Earth’s Essence was unbreakable. Another of her powerful blows from behind sent Lorwen flying.</p>

      <p>“Mister!”</p>

      <p>I nodded. There was no need to speak; I understood. And now, I could do it. It was beyond my abilities working alone, but with our powers combined, we could do it!</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it’s our only hope! But my knowledge of Lorwen’s not gonna cut it, so tell me what you know about him!”</p>

      <p>“Right!”</p>

      <p>She didn’t put the rest into words. She didn’t need to. We had something more reliable than speech on our side. Through our curse-link, she conveyed to me the Lorwen that she knew. Scenes from the past flashed through my mind. These were Reaper’s memories. Lorwen had been feared by his enemies and “allies” alike. He’d been fighting in the war, surrounded by many but alone in the ways that mattered. The fact that one of him was worth a whole army of soldiers was the root of his misfortune.</p>

      <p>And then, Reaper had been created. The enemy had cast the curse of the Reaper just to curb a single swordsman, and that plan had proved a great success. Only, it had succeeded in a way no one had expected. Reaper had called out to Lorwen to play together, and Lorwen had been baffled, interacting with a child for the first time ever. That was when their paths had crossed, marking the start of two innocent playmates’ time together.</p>

      <p>“So that’s...Lorwen Arrace...”</p>

      <p>The Lorwen that Reaper knew was miserable. The circumstances of his birth, his talent, and his sword skills had served to isolate him. He’d lived a life of desperate want. In accordance with the precepts of his clan, he’d done nothing but practice the blade, believing that in doing so, he would be accepted as a member of the House of Arrace and know happiness.</p>

      <p>Yet the path that awaited him at the end of his nonstop training was a wretched one. Tossed into a brutal war, he was treated like a monster day in and day out, exploited like a tool to be used and forced to fight even after death. His was a life one could say was rejected by the world. He lived and died by the sword, never furnished with true connections with anyone, never accepted by anyone, and never able to come to a mutual understanding with anyone. That was the significance behind that incantation of his, and it was it now within my fingertips to grasp.</p>

      <p>“The Lorwen you knew looked so happy,” said Reaper. “Ah...so he’s been wanting to pass his sword down to someone...”</p>

      <p>At the same time she’d shown me her Lorwen, I’d shown her Lorwen as <em>I</em> knew him. The man who’d looked so satisfied after teaching me and those kids the blade. The one who’d been so proud to show off the level of swordsmanship he’d reached. His efforts had finally borne fruit, proving that his life had meaning. Reaper and I were beginning to piece together the full picture of Lorwen’s life, one that neither of us could have reached alone. But we could get there together. We could see that full picture.</p>

      <p>We’d now gathered all the fragments of the incantation.</p>

      <p>“<em>I leave you behind, world...”</em></p>

      <p>“<em>I leave you behind, world...”</em></p>

      <p>We incanted together, and we started paying the price together. But it still wasn’t enough. Even sharing the cost between two people, we couldn’t reach the level of Lorwen’s incantation. That was how dense his life energy was. But we both thought it was fine. We weren’t ever going to reproduce the spell perfectly; in fact, we didn’t want to. And that was because we wanted to <em>change</em> Lorwen’s life. In that moment, Reaper’s heart aligned with my own.</p>

      <p>“<em>We will take up the blade that you rejected, world!”</em></p>

      <p>“<em>We will take up the blade that you rejected, world!”</em></p>

      <p>We’d put our own twist on the incantation that was a condensation of Lorwen’s life, as if to admonish the world that no matter what life Lorwen followed, he would have friends. Then I swung my sword, with nothing in my head but the sentiment that I wanted to be at my friend’s side. That was the end point of our blade. The ultimate sword strike in our eyes. And we could hardly call that spell <em>Fon A Wraith</em> anymore. The spell crafted through our love for him was similar to but different from Lorwen’s spell. As such, the name of the spell was...</p>

      <p>“<em>Dimension A Wraith!</em>”</p>

      <p>“<em>Dimension A Wraith!</em>”</p>

      <p>Reaper opened a path using dimensional magic, and I swung my sword through that path. My blade traveled contrary to the laws of the world, unmoored by concepts like time and distance. With a sound not unlike the crashing of a chandelier, our blade surpassed the physical laws, the “essence” possessed by the Thief of Earth’s Essence.</p>

      <p><em>The body of the Thief of Earth’s Essence is absolutely unbreakable.</em></p>

      <p>I smashed that law itself. The undetectable, unavoidable blow struck true, shattering Lorwen’s eight arms. The slash, which ran diagonally down from his shoulder, reduced the thick crystal armor protecting his torso to pieces as well.</p>

      <p>The gemstone that constituted the Thief of Earth’s Essence lay in ruins. The masklike crystal hiding Lorwen’s face also crumbled away, revealing his merry smile. He was happy I had struck him with that sure-hit technique. With the crystal removed by our spell, Lorwen regained his senses a little. The relit ember of his mind induced him to protect the Corrupted Blade of the Arrace Clan and the Mithril Sword.</p>

      <p>Though he’d been rent asunder and was bleeding copiously, he held his ground, resheathing the Corrupted Blade of the Arrace Clan in the scabbard at his waist, and brandishing the Mithril Sword with his flesh-and-blood arms. He intended to fight with a single blade this time. That was how he’d always fought, after all.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>