<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: The Finals of the Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball</h1>

      <p>In the darkness, I heard a voice by my ear. Then something cold struck me on the cheek. I’d been kicking back and relaxing within that oh-so-comfy darkness, but unable to ignore this outside stimulus, I snapped back to consciousness.</p>

      <p>Shaking off the sludge of drowsiness, I opened my eyes, and the instant I did, the light of the sun poured into them from the skies above. I moved my head a little, shifting my gaze, to find those rustic training grounds. Apparently, I’d been dozing at the center of the grounds.</p>

      <p>I brushed aside the blanket somebody must have placed over me at some point and got up. I felt refreshed. In fact, a sense of liberation far beyond that spread through my brain. Gone were the mud and heavy weights bogging down the flow of my thoughts. My head felt clearer, the cobwebs in every corner now absent. And using that perfectly cleaned-out noggin of mine, I went about absorbing information on my present state. My horrendous sleepiness was a thing of the past, and that awful ague had stopped too. My limbs, which had felt so hard to move, as if stakes had been driven through them, were now light as a feather. The fact that my body was moving as my brain signals told it to? I could almost <em>cry</em>. While I couldn’t say I was in perfect form, it was day and night compared to before.</p>

      <p>My HP and MP had fully replenished, and my status conditions had cleared up too. I had no bangle and no limiters on my thoughts. <em>I’m back, baby.</em></p>

      <p>I had to tell everybody, so I scanned my surroundings. The first person I found was Reaper lying on the floor next to me.</p>

      <p>“Morning, mister. Though actually, it’s already midday.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, Reaper. Morning.”</p>

      <p>It seemed Reaper was the one who had woken me up, swinging her frozen left arm.</p>

      <p>“Already match time?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Yep. The finals start in a bit. You versus Lorwen.”</p>

      <p>The sun was right overhead. It was close to noon, and I knew the match was scheduled for early afternoon. I got to my feet in a hurry—I could hardly afford to get there late.</p>

      <p>I surveyed the grounds so as to grasp the situation beyond Reaper...and what a weird sight it was. Lastiara, Dia, Maria, Snow, and Ms. Sera were all there. But they were all wordlessly keeping each other in check with pointed stares. The mood in the air was odd.</p>

      <p>“Uh, is it just me or did things get tense in a single night? Did something happen, Reaper?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t ask me. I was sleeping too.” She and I were both shaking in our boots.</p>

      <p>Lastiara was the only one to manage a response. “It’s, well... Dia and Mar-Mar got off on the wrong foot...but it’s nothing serious, so don’t worry about it. First things first, go bring the Brawl to an end.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, what? For real?”</p>

      <p>The friction between them took me by surprise. Then the two in question replied with smiles on their faces.</p>

      <p>“Oh no, far from it,” said Maria. “I’m acting as normal as can be. I’m the same as always.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” said Dia, “I’m normal too. Nothing about that dumbass over there bothers me, no sir. You don’t gotta worry about nothing.”</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, no, there’s nothing “normal” about this.</em> Obviously, they’d gotten into some sort of tiff. The day before, I’d detected no antagonism between the two. Clearly, I’d let my guard down a little.</p>

      <p>Lastiara half smiled. “That’s the gist of it. You two Brawl pals go on without us for the time being. We’ll come too, in a bit.”</p>

      <p>“Uh, like...I can’t in good conscience leave when there’s a standoff happening. No way I could leave. I’m too scared of what might happen after the Brawl ends...”</p>

      <p>My body was starting to tremble from the trauma. Leaving a situation like this to fester had never yielded a good result. Last night’s rest was supposed to have cured my ailments, but now a cold sweat was trickling down my back. A bad case of the shakes assaulted me once again, and my limbs had those metaphorical wooden stakes driven through them once more.</p>

      <p>Upon seeing me like that, Maria and Dia got flustered.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s... We’re okay. Really! Dia and I just got in a bit of a scuffle, that’s all. And don’t get the wrong idea; it was more of a playground spat than anything!”</p>

      <p>“Uh, yeah! What she said! We were just being stubborn, that’s all! Right, Maria?!”</p>

      <p>“Right, Dia!”</p>

      <p>They put on smiles and joined hands. It came across a tad forced, but they were telling me that their hostility wasn’t verging on murderous.</p>

      <p><em>But wait, hold on. I let my guard down last time and look where it got me.</em></p>

      <p>There was a chance that once I returned from my match, I’d find Laoravia turned into a sea of fire thanks to these two. In fact, in my estimation, the chances were good. I could pretty much safely assume that would come to pass. I had no doubt in my mind about it and was seriously distressed.</p>

      <p><em>Should I change my plans for the finals?</em></p>

      <p>Lastiara whacked me upside the head. “Quit all the hand-wringing. Stop worrying your little head and go already. If something does happen, Snow, Ms. Sera, and I are here. You believe in us, don’t you?”</p>

      <p>Clearly, she was fed up with me for tottering on the verge of madness over this. She gave me an intensely serious look, thereby telling me that the situation was different from before and that I need to trust her.</p>

      <p>I yielded to her sheer dependability. “All right. I will.”</p>

      <p>“Cool, see you later. We’ll go hit the stands after we calm Mar-Mar and Dia down. You two hit the waiting room sooner rather than later.”</p>

      <p>Then she turned and started scolding Maria and Dia. Relieved to see that, I said, “Come on, Reaper, let’s go.”</p>

      <p>“Yep, I’m coming! Only, the ice encasing this arm kinda makes it hard to walk. I’ve got no sensation in my hand and stuff. The finals are starting in a jiffy, so could you, like, remove this already?”</p>

      <p>“No can do. Now behave and follow me.”</p>

      <p>“Tch!”</p>

      <p>She pouted, following me with her carbonized right arm and frozen left arm dangling as she went. The leg I’d dismembered had fully recovered in less than a day, so she had no trouble walking. If she resisted, I could easily deal with her now that I’d made my comeback. Moreover, she had the presence of mind to understand that she couldn’t beat me. Not after I’d obtained the Responsiveness skill.</p>

      <p>After I wrapped her arms with cloth I’d taken out of my inventory, we exited the Epic Seeker grounds and headed north for Valhuura. We traveled down the highway, crossed the river that marked the border between nations, and boarded the huge fleet of ships. On the way there, we overheard the gossip of people who were also walking the path. They were all discussing the Brawl, which was to be expected, given they were headed in the direction of the venue for the finals. I listened in on what they were saying, a muffler wrapped around my face to hide my identity. Reaper, who was walking next to me, was keeping an ear out as well. We heard a pair of young adventurers talking.</p>

      <p>“The Brawl finals are on us at last, huh? Man, there have been so many upsets in this year’s matches. Talk about electrifying. Especially in the south area!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, that Lorwen guy’s matches were something else! I mean, he basically beat all of the best bets for first place! And almost unscathed, at that.”</p>

      <p>“He beat both the strongest, Glenn Walker, and the Blademaster, Fenrir Arrace. I hear they’re already treating the dude like both the Blademaster and the strongest in the Alliance.”</p>

      <p>It was hardly surprising that Lorwen was the participant who’d drawn the most eyes in the Brawl. Unlike us, he’d fought famous names one after the other and won decisively. That was a big factor.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh,” said Reaper proudly.</p>

      <p>I might have been wearing the same proud expression she was.</p>

      <p>“Thing is, Lorwen declared during the match that he’s a monster. And a Dungeon Guardian too.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I was in the stands in the south area, so I heard him say it with my own ears. He made no bones about it. My seat was far, though, so I couldn’t tell what bit of him was monstrous in any way...”</p>

      <p>“Huh. Maybe he just calls himself a monster?”</p>

      <p>“Nah, I think he really is one. The Brawl admins seemed pretty panicked when they crowded around him. And there are more rumors saying he really is a monster than otherwise.”</p>

      <p>“If it’s true, that’s nuts. Could it be? Is a <em>monster</em> gonna take the tournament?”</p>

      <p>“No, man, that’s why people’re expecting so much out of the hero in the north area. Name’s Kanami, I think? My lodging’s pretty far from the north area so I haven’t really gotten a good look at him...”</p>

      <p>Reaper poked and prodded my cheek. It felt cold, so I wished she’d quit it.</p>

      <p>“That’s that airheaded hero, right? If I recall correctly, his full name’s Aikawa Kanami. I haven’t seen the north area matches, but the name’s rare enough that I remember it.”</p>

      <p>“So most of the spectators are putting their hopes in that newfangled hero putting the kibosh on the strongest monster, I guess. And the tourney staff have to focus on making things fair, so they must be hoping he beats the monster too.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, probably. If Lorwen really is a monster...they’ll be in a bind if it wins the Brawl.”</p>

      <p>“The cheering’s gonna be one-sided. Precious few are gonna be caught dead cheering for the guy they’re saying is a monster. The Alliance countries are centered around the Dungeon. There are too many whose friends or family have been killed by monsters. You’d need some brass balls to cheer for a monster in that environment.”</p>

      <p>The more she heard them talk, the quieter Reaper, who’d been larking it up, became. She seemed disgruntled by the unfair treatment Lorwen was getting just because he was a monster.</p>

      <p>The pair of men walked farther away from us, but the voices of many other people who were looking forward to the match reached our ears. Everybody who passed us by was wondering about the outcome of the finals. I could tell just what a popular topic this year’s Brawl was and how amped it had made the public. Evidently, a final match featuring two mostly unheard-of contestants was unprecedented.</p>

      <p>“Obviously, Kanami’s gonna win. He’s the hero of our one and only Laoravia, ain’t he?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, we’re talking the guy who slew a dragon like it was nothing. He’s a match for Lorwen.”</p>

      <p>“If it’s the hero versus a monster, then I suppose I’ll have to be boring and root for the hero. Even though they’re both young and hot...”</p>

      <p>“The swordsman’s crazy strong, but the hero’s no slouch. I spectated the matches in the north, and take it from me, he’s even stronger than Brawl champions of the past.”</p>

      <p>Almost all of their conversations cast Lorwen as the enemy monster to slay. And me as the convenient hero to do the job. That made Reaper a bit sad.</p>

      <p>“Looks like you’re gonna get more cheers than he is, mister.”</p>

      <p>“So it would seem.”</p>

      <p>“After everything’s said and done, is it all in vain ’cause he’s a monster?”</p>

      <p>“Nah, I don’t think so. They might be making a fuss over him being a monster, but from what I can hear, they still respect him as a swordsman who beat the strongest and the Blademaster,” I said, having calmly analyzed the chatter.</p>

      <p>“Yeah...you’re right...” she said, but her expression was sullen and depressed.</p>

      <p>As we listened to the gossip of the people passing by, we finally reached Valhuura’s central ship, which had the honor of being the largest in the fleet. It also had a distinctive shape. There was a huge gate that looked like the entrance to a castle, with dozens of towerlike structures looming all around. Unlike many of the other ships, you could tell that this was not a refurbished battleship, but rather a theater ship at heart.</p>

      <p>We entered the huge theater ship, the interior of which was built like a preeminent noble’s mansion. The grand hall at the entrance could accommodate thousands of people, and countless opulent chandeliers were hanging from the ceiling. It reminded me of the ball I had gone to with Snow.</p>

      <p>Ignoring the unpleasant feelings that thought summoned, I continued walking, calling out to the staff for guidance and heading to the fighters’ waiting room. Along the way, I overheard a never-ending stream of rumors about Lorwen. Nobles lined up in the lavishly decorated corridor, judging me and Lorwen based on their own assumptions. They all acknowledged our strength, but as close as that came to the glory that Lorwen was always talking about, it never felt good.</p>

      <p>We arrived at the waiting room and spent the remaining time in silence before the official announced the start of the match. I took Reaper’s hand and walked down the corridor leading to what would likely be the last arena. Then I left the girl next to me with some final remarks. We’d overheard all sorts of people. Rumors were flying, and others had placed a world of expectations onto us. That much was clear, but...</p>

      <p>“Listen here, Reaper. It doesn’t matter to us whether Lorwen’s a monster or a hero or the strongest. None of that matters.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Wait, what?”</p>

      <p>“While I feel bad for the spectators, this battle won’t be for anybody else’s sake. It’s for you, me, and Lorwen. We’ll be fighting for the three of us and no one else.”</p>

      <p>Another pause. “Okay.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s go tell him the path you and I hit upon.”</p>

      <p>She was taken aback by my sudden remarks, but she understood what I’d said and nodded in a subdued way. She and I shared the same sentiment and we walked the same road together. We strode to where Lorwen awaited us, past the dark corridor and onto the battlefield of the Brawl finals. The final arena.</p>

      <p>At that instant, the scorching sunlight hit us, and the cheers rained down on us like a torrential downpour. A massive throng of countless spectators greeted my eyes, and all of them had been anticipating our arrival with bated breath.</p>

      <p>It was a wide arena. A sturdy-looking barrier had been set up under the clear skies, over a battlefield that was about three times the size of the previous ones. The spectators’ section was over three times as large. In addition to the regular seating stood the seat-spires, which were definitely distinctive. You could tell the space had been designed to allow as many people as possible to see the match.</p>

      <p>In the center of the arena, right in front of our eyes, there he was. He was probably looking forward to us coming the most out of any of the people here. A young swordsman surrounded by armed guards, looking up at the sky...</p>

      <p>He turned toward us as we entered. His soft chestnut hair swayed, and his blue-black eyes, marked by dark rings, caught us in their sights. His pupils suddenly shrank, and his lips curled. He’d been waiting alone at the summit of Valhuura.</p>

      <p>And he’d been waiting for a long, long time.</p>

      <p>How long? Had he been waiting since the Brawl began? Or maybe since the day he and I met? No, he’d been waiting since the ancient past, over a thousand years ago. Perhaps he’d been waiting ever since becoming the strongest swordfighter.</p>

      <p>No. No, I didn’t think any of those were correct.</p>

      <p>I was pretty sure he’d been waiting since...</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The strapping young swordsman’s name was Lorwen Arrace. He was the Guardian known as the Thief of Earth’s Essence, and now that he had secured the titles of “the strongest” and the Blademaster as well, he stood at the very peak of glory and prestige. To add more titles on top of that, he was also my blade instructor and my friend.</p>

      <p>The moment my gaze met his, the presenter’s announcement resounded. He was gripping his mic, shouting, “And entering the arena on the opposite side is the hero, Aikawa Kanami! Over the past few days, the rumors about him have been flying without end! He started as the guildmaster of Epic Seeker and became a dragon-slaying knight and the fiancé of Walker Clan scion Lady Snow! What’s more, word has it he’s currently <em>running off together</em> with the Apostle, Her Grace Sith, as well as the princess of Whoseyards, Lady Lastiara! And yet for some reason, he’s entered the arena with Reaper, who’s supposed to be on Lorwen’s team!”</p>

      <p>The north area presenter was only ever this cheeky with <em>me</em>. I was really hoping they would give me somebody else for the finals, but reality was a harsh mistress. After throwing him a sharp look, I started walking toward the center of the arena. Lorwen broke free of the heavy contingent of guards and walked toward the center himself.</p>

      <p>A whole lot had happened before we could reach this point, but I talked to him casually, as if meeting a friend for the first time in a while. “See, Lorwen? Didn’t run off on you, did I?”</p>

      <p>“Kanami...you came...and Reaper too,” he said, in tones both cheerful and apologetic.</p>

      <p>I tossed him the scarf I’d been holding. The muffler I had made. “Here, your scarf. The one I promised you.”</p>

      <p>“My scarf? Oh, right... Now that you mention it, I remember you promised. You’re so upright and honest, Kanami. I mean that...” He wrapped it around his right shoulder. “Thanks.”</p>

      <p>“I remembered yesterday. And promises need keeping.”</p>

      <p>I would fulfill my promise to him no matter what. And to show him that, I drew my sword. When he saw my stance, he put it all together.</p>

      <p>“Your mind and body are one. Guess you’ve got your memories back too, huh?”</p>

      <p>He’d come to understand it all not by checking to see whether the bangle was there, but by my bearing and demeanor.</p>

      <p>“All right then, what’s the real Kanami planning to do with me?”</p>

      <p>“Come what may, Aikawa Kanami will always be your good friend,” I replied as a matter of course. “And I can’t stand by while a good friend suffers. Let’s fight, Lorwen. That way, you’ll learn the true path. Your attachments will be dispelled and our promise will be realized.”</p>

      <p>I refused to make the same mistake I had made with Alty. I hadn’t even treated her as a person. My weak heart had invited that bitter outcome. But not this time. This time, I would see Lorwen off as his friend, not his enemy. To that end, I vigorously swung my sword to the side. The stroke was even faster than when Lorwen had instructed me back in the Dungeon; it communicated to him that I was in tip-top shape and even stronger now, and that I was standing there as the formidable opponent he’d been craving.</p>

      <p>Lorwen’s mouth gaped. The one before his eyes, the one he’d been putting his hopes in, was <em>exceeding</em> those hopes. His expression was a blend of astonishment and admiration, like a little kid watching a Saturday morning superhero show. And his expression also contained the nostalgia and fondness of an adult watching the superhero show they had liked as a child. He was dumbfounded in the face of joy that went beyond his expectations.</p>

      <p>After a moment or two, he closed his mouth and digested how moved he felt. He smiled with his whole face and cast down his eyes a tad before muttering, “I see.” Then he lifted his head again. His expression was earnest, serious. “So my fears were needless in the end. I’m sorry, Kanami. Honest. When I heard about Palinchron Regacy, my heart wavered. I thought that if your memories returned, you’d prioritize vengeance. I mean, that’s how awful what he did to you was. And yet despite that...”</p>

      <p>Lorwen drew his own blade. I could tell that the sentiment had reached his heart.</p>

      <p>He flashed me a pugnacious, can’t-wait-to-fight smile and said, “Despite all that, you’d still indulge me in a fight anyway.”</p>

      <p>He approached me, and I did likewise. But then, a shadow cut in between us. It was Reaper. The sight of her trembling and shaking her head, unable to sit by and watch, made Lorwen smile. It was a kindly smile, like a parent gazing at their child—but at the same time, the shadow of death was upon his face as well.</p>

      <p>“Watch us, Reaper. ’Cause at long last, I’m gonna attain what I’ve been chasing all these years.”</p>

      <p>“Lorwen...” she said hoarsely.</p>

      <p>“Don’t give me those sad eyes. Would ya mind seeing me off with a smile?”</p>

      <p>“Hey, so, uh, tell me, Lorwen...do you really wanna leave this life? Do you really not wanna live on? You do know how much in this world we have yet to see, don’t you?!”</p>

      <p>“What’re you talking about? I’m already dead, Reaper.”</p>

      <p>The rift between Lorwen and Reaper was deep. She had understood that before she’d even said a word. That was why she hadn’t wanted to come here. She’d been trying to save him without actually interacting with him.</p>

      <p>She was quivering, but still, she hung it all on her last hope. “But you’re here now, aren’t you? So, like, you can afford to be a bit more self-indulgent—”</p>

      <p>“I am being self-indulgent right now. I’m trying to accept my heart’s desire—the true answer to it all—from my best friend, which is pretty self-indulgent for a walking corpse, I think.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not what I mean! When you get that ‘answer’ or whatever, you’re gonna <em>vanish</em>, Lorwen! Nothing’ll be tying you to life anymore! How can you be okay with Lorwen Arrace no longer existing?! With things ending this way?!”</p>

      <p>Lorwen remained calm in the face of her shouting. Calmer than even I was expecting; he exhibited none of the restlessness of the day he had ambushed us.</p>

      <p>“Yep. I want this to be my last hurrah. Don’t go getting the wrong idea, Reaper. I understand now. The <em>heroes</em> of this era taught me the truth. The ‘strongest hero’ Glenn Walker taught me that the dream I’d aimed for was an illusion. The Blademaster hero Fenrir Arrace taught me that the Arrace Clan no longer exists as I knew it.”</p>

      <p>While Snow, Lastiara’s group, and I were fighting our own Brawl battles, Lorwen had been blazing through the ranks on his own romp. What he’d just said made that clear. By beating Mr. Glenn, he had learned about the current state of the nobility, and by fighting his descendant Fenrir Arrace, he had ascertained the fate of his own clan. A clan that he knew had no place for him. That was why the look on his face was so similar to mine.</p>

      <p>“There’s no man by the name of Lorwen Arrace here to begin with. There’s no such guy, Reaper. Way before I even met you, on the day I agreed to the pact to become the Thief of Earth’s Essence, Lorwen Arrace disappeared from this world. What you see before you is just a nameless corpse animated by lingering attachments. I’m nothing more than a monster.”</p>

      <p>As his friend, that truth was a bit sad, but the truth it remained. Lorwen had, under his own strength, come closer to the answer that was right for him.</p>

      <p>“It’s not enough, though,” he continued. “Glenn taught me about the future, and Fenrir the present. But I still don’t have the thing that’s most important to a Guardian like me.”</p>

      <p>He wasn’t all the way there yet. His attachments weren’t gone. His gaze shifted from Reaper to me.</p>

      <p>“Kanami has the answer regarding my <em>past</em>. I trust that he’ll teach me what’s tethering me here.”</p>

      <p>He sought one person’s opinion, and I, of course, intended to oblige him. I returned his nod, but Reaper alone continued to shake her head.</p>

      <p>“You can’t, Lorwen! Say what you want, but I...I...”</p>

      <p>“During this final match, I’m gonna vanish. No matter what happens, I <em>will</em> disappear today.” He caressed the shivering Reaper’s head before walking past her. He’d taken another step forward, alone on his path toward figuring out what his <em>true</em> wish was.</p>

      <p>“R-Right...” said Reaper as she sobbed. “I knew it... I knew it all along...”</p>

      <p>Lorwen was unhesitating. He was staring at me and only me, with a gaze so intense that one might be led to believe he did, in fact, know what he truly desired. And since Reaper understood that, she knew there was simply no stopping him. The answer he sought was now within his grasp. All he had to do was reach out a little farther and it would all be over. He wasn’t about to let Reaper stop him.</p>

      <p>“It’s just no use... Not anymore...”</p>

      <p>“End of the road, Reaper. I’m sorry. We had some good times together, but it looks like they’re over now.”</p>

      <p>“Augh!”</p>

      <p>Reaper turned around and clenched her fists—only to relax them right away. Her will to fight had overflowed for a fleeting moment, but even if she stopped the match, she’d only be turning both me and Lorwen against her. Against not one but <em>two</em> wielders of the Responsiveness skill, she knew that no matter how much magic energy she could muster, she didn’t stand a chance. All she could do was weep. She covered her face with her hands and fell to her knees.</p>

      <p>Seeing her lose her will to fight, I addressed the presenter. “Once the match starts, please take Reaper and go someplace safe. Otherwise, you’ll be in danger.”</p>

      <p>“Uh, yes, right...” Faced with the girl’s grief and sorrow, he agreed readily. While he might not have been privy to the details, he had clearly surmised that Reaper no longer had any desire to participate in the match. “Then I take it you two will be fighting one-on-one. Please decide your ruleset.”</p>

      <p>He took Reaper by the hand and dragged her away. Only Lorwen and I darkened the center of the arena now. While my heart went out to Reaper, I could hardly start the match on a dour note. It was time to choose our ruleset. Of course, even just that discussion was equivalent to a final goodbye. For our last moments together, I wanted to part ways with a smile. So he and I spoke casually, as we always did.</p>

      <p>“I think I wanna try the knocking-the-weapon ruleset,” I suggested.</p>

      <p>“Hold up, dude. These are the <em>finals</em> we’re talking about. Ain’t a no-holds-barred death match what’s called for here?”</p>

      <p>“But we need to do the whole master-and-pupil blade-fight thing...”</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah, now that you mention it, I did say something to that effect, huh?” he muttered.</p>

      <p>“I remember it word for word. You said you wanted a showdown between master and pupil during the Brawl final. You said the Arrace School of the blade would make an elegant showing and the beautiful sword clash would captivate the people.”</p>

      <p>“Your incredible memory’s as useful as always. All right, how about a death match ruleset, but we do the knocking-the-weapon thing first? Let’s get ’em all hyped up by doing the match in stages.”</p>

      <p>“Guess that sounds good...though when it’s a fight between dudes who know each other, there’s no air of tension or excitement to those rules.”</p>

      <p>“Good point. Thanks to us throwing our hats in, the tail end of the tourney’s turned into a bunch of acquaintances duking it out.”</p>

      <p>We smiled as we spoke. We wanted to convey to the girl who was crying nearby that there was nothing sad about this, and that neither of us had regrets. Since our conversation had reached a pause, the presenter cut in.</p>

      <p>“Er, are you not betting anything? Personally, I was very much looking forward to what you would wager, considering you two know each other. For example, maybe Mr. Lorwen wants Mr. Kanami’s lady for himself and they fight over her? Just spitballing,” he said tactlessly, a gleeful look on his face.</p>

      <p>Today would be the day I got back at him for what he’d said during all my matches.</p>

      <p>“Please don’t be that way. Neither of us is going to bet anything. Up till now, I was feeling too rough to give you a piece of my mind, but let me tell you—”</p>

      <p>“Hold on, Kanami. I’ve actually got something to bet ya.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“Let’s stake our swords. Whoever loses gives the winner their sword.”</p>

      <p>“Our swords? I mean, I don’t mind, but...”</p>

      <p>“And this is the sword I’ll be putting down.” From one of the two scabbards at his waist, he pulled his blade.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【CORRUPTED BLADE OF THE ARRACE CLAN】<br/>Attack Power 2</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>It was the sword that Dia had given me, which I had then given to Lorwen. It had been mended by Mr. Alibers. The melted blade had been adjusted with raycrystal, and a crystal design had been added to the hilt. Only, perhaps due to the forced nature of the restoration, the blade hadn’t recovered its sharpness.</p>

      <p>“You wanna bet <em>that</em>? It was mine to begin with. Well, actually, it was Dia’s, but...”</p>

      <p>“It’s me and Alibers’s magnum opus. And I spent a pretty penny on it. If you beat me, I’ll return it to you free of charge.”</p>

      <p>“It’s not like I <em>asked</em> you to get it repaired.” I sighed. “Fine. I’ll beat you and you’ll give it back to me.”</p>

      <p>I ended up wagering my Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword in return.</p>

      <p>“What kinda bet is that?” said the presenter. “Th-That’s so boring!”</p>

      <p>“Just announce to the crowd that those are the rules, Mr. Emcee Man. If you say anything out of line, I <em>will</em> freeze your ass solid.” I froze the tip of his hair using <em>Wintermension: Frost </em>to make my point.</p>

      <p>“Ack. I suppose I have no choice. When someone of your caliber threatens an ordinary citizen like me, I cannot disobey. I must say, I loathe my own powerlessness...” He seemed chagrined from the bottom of his heart.</p>

      <p>“Enough already! Just do it.” At this rate, I could see myself unleashing some full-on ice magic at him.</p>

      <p>“Ladies and gentlemen, the ruleset for this match has been decided! Our finalists are staking their swords on a death match! As both bosom friends and master and disciple, the two have vowed to clash using their blades—and to give it their all!”</p>

      <p>The presenter’s voice reverberated through the spacious arena by way of his magical mic. The crowd roared in response. From catching what some spectators were saying, I realized how much they were looking forward to this battle between the Blademaster and his disciple. Amid the maelstrom of expectations, a gratified Lorwen smiled.</p>

      <p>“Music to my ears. We’re gonna stake our swords on this. That’s what I like to hear! Good stuff, that introduction.”</p>

      <p>The cheers snowballed like a booming avalanche. Some were screaming particularly loudly. I had no idea how they had gotten front-row seats, but Lastiara and company were there, Snow and Maria cheering me on like no tomorrow.</p>

      <p>“Get ’em, Kanami! Win and help me escape! Crush him good! It’s for my sake too!”</p>

      <p>“You can do it, Mr. Kanami! I believe you can win the day, just like you did with me!”</p>

      <p>Upon seeing them cheer, the presenter became red in the face. Then his expression turned more gleeful than it had been all day. “Me oh my! While Mr. Kanami let us down, our audience is picking up the slack! Believe it or not, folks, the Walker Clan scion, Lady Snow, and Team Lastiara are in the front seats, cheering Mr. Kanami on <em>in harmony!</em> What could have happened to unite these contestants who fought so bitterly during their match?! But that’s not all! We have yet another girl now! Though I must say, this one’s awfully young! She’s a bit <em>too</em> young, Mr. Kanami! I know you love your womanizing, good sir, but let’s calm down a <em>little!</em> Ah, but what’s this? I don’t see the Hellvilleshine scion, Franrühle, among them! Could it be?! Did he <em>discard</em> her after you-know-what happened?! Well there’s a hero for you! That sheer lack of principles— Argh! Who turned down the heat?!”</p>

      <p>“How many times, old man?! Why’ve you gotta be so mouthy with me?!”</p>

      <p>I had activated a full-blown casting of <em>Wintermension: Frost</em>, and the presenter covered his frozen lips with his hands and staggered. Naturally, the stands erupted with laughter. I blushed and averted my eyes—a meaningless act since there were spectators no matter where I looked. The cheering never abated in that time, and Lastiara’s group was especially vociferous.</p>

      <p>Dia was pouting at Maria and Snow. “Look here, you two. You’re still in my bad books. Don’t get carried away, got it?”</p>

      <p>Maria replied with an unruffled look on her face, “Is that right? Well I don’t particularly care if I’m in your bad books or not, so...”</p>

      <p>Snow, on the other hand, got in a flap. “Eek! I... I’m sorry, Your Grace! I got a bit carried away...”</p>

      <p>“Don’t call me that. These days, I go by Dia.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, of course! Lady Dia!”</p>

      <p>Judging by her fawning, Snow desperately wanted Dia to protect her too. I got the feeling that while we’d gotten past a crisis point, Snow’s personality had taken a dip in the process.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh, heh heh heh... Please save me, Lady Lastiara.” The fact that she instantly beseeched Lastiara for help already spoke poorly of her.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Lastiara was munching away, doing a magnificent job ignoring Snow. “Mmm, this is good. What is this, Serry?”</p>

      <p>“It’s an Eltraliew speciality, milady. I heard good reviews, so I took the liberty of securing some.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh?! You’re willing to be my hero, aren’t you, Lady Lastiara?!”</p>

      <p>“Nah, sorry. You slept on that onetime offer and now the deal’s off the table. Too bad, so sad.”</p>

      <p>“No, you’re... You’re kidding me!”</p>

      <p>“We’re allies. We’re in equal standing, so I’m not gonna babysit you. Didn’t Kanami give you his whole spiel? Oh, but more importantly, all that formal speech: let’s drop it, shall we?”</p>

      <p>“Urgh... I thought <em>you</em> would be there to coddle me, at least.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, that’s a no go. Kanami told me to quit that sort of thing. Besides, I’m pretty tuckered out myself, so you’ll understand if I wanna take a breather. I’m <em>really</em> exhausted after that match with a certain somebody who legit wanted me dead. Heh heh!”</p>

      <p>“I’m so sorry about that... Augh, it’s no use! Kanami, come back! Quick!” Snow was quick to throw in the towel. The vow she’d made the day before lay in tatters.</p>

      <p>“Also,” said Dia, “that’s <em>my</em> sword. What’s it doing in that Guardian schmuck’s hands?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, that Guardian’s an Arrace Clan descendant, apparently. And the sword’s connected to the Arraces, right? Let it slide, Dia.”</p>

      <p>“He’s an Arrace too? I see... All right, guess it can’t be helped.”</p>

      <p>The sight of the girls chatting among themselves got me emotional, though for some reason, the individual topics of conversation struck me as more than a little frightening. I wanted them on friendly terms if possible... It was a scary feeling, the powder keg fuse always being lit like that.</p>

      <p>“That sword... It’s weird. I remember melting it. I wonder when it got repaired.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, what?! The hell did you do to my sword, Maria?!”</p>

      <p>“What, was that your sword? What a relief. I thought I’d destroyed Mr. Kanami’s sword.”</p>

      <p>“Why you!”</p>

      <p><em>All right, time to go nip this in the bud.</em> I was truly afraid a fight might break out at any second. Plus, it seemed Lorwen could hear them too; he had a hand over his mouth as he stifled his laughter. I was mortified. My friends were embarrassing me.</p>

      <p>I did have other people I knew cheering me on. Everyone in Epic Seeker had come to spectate in support of their guildmaster. Then again, one of them was shouting stuff that had nothing to do with me per se.</p>

      <p>“Look! Look at them there swords! They’re both my swords! Boy, look at the shine on my master’s Crescent Pectolazri! And Lorwen’s mithril ain’t too shabby either! Talk about picturesque!”</p>

      <p>It was Mr. Alibers, the Epic Seeker blacksmith. I’d had him mend a lot of my weapons and forge me some trusty blades too.</p>

      <p>“That guy’s my guildmaster!” shouted the youngest girl in the guild. “I’m with him! How do ya like that?! Badass, right?! The master of Epic Seeker’s the strongest guy around!”</p>

      <p>If I recalled correctly, she was the first person I had fought in the process of becoming guildmaster. Mr. Vohlzark was standing next to her.</p>

      <p>“Calm down, you’re embarrassing me,” he said.</p>

      <p>Needless to say, Ms. Tayly was right there with them. She was gazing with tender, affectionate eyes at...a section of the stands; certainly not at me. She was smiling at Snow, who was hanging her head, her true self undisguised.</p>

      <p>There were other distinct characters among the audience as well—the divers and adventurers who’d gathered to give our match a look-see. The people with confidence in their own prowess were glaring at us belligerently, while those who’d come to study and steal our swordsmanship techniques for themselves wore serious expressions. There were even the divers who’d tried to kill me during my early days. I wondered if they remembered me. To my eyes, it looked like the leader of the group blanched after seeing my face.</p>

      <p>That wasn’t all. A great many nobles were watching us with appraising eyes. Some of them were just here to enjoy the match, but the majority were here to—you guessed it—advance their own interests. I’d met a number of them at that ball. If memory served, that guy over there was Korner of the Talua Clan, and that was Kyne of the Cofelt Clan. I recognized a whole bunch of faces.</p>

      <p>Moreover, foreign dignitaries who’d attended the cathedral on the Day of the Blessed Birth were surveying me avidly, their guards likewise watching intently so as to ascertain the extent of my abilities.</p>

      <p>Obviously, the Seven Celestial Knights were in attendance as well. Ms. Franrühle was there, an apologetic look on her face. Sitting in the stands instead of continuing to look for her little brother Liner probably wasn’t what she wanted to be doing.</p>

      <p>Liner, meanwhile, was hiding behind a pillar in a corner of the arena. I didn’t sense a homicidal amount of enmity coming from him, but he was glaring at me and Lorwen with a grim expression.</p>

      <p>Since this was a tournament representing all five allied nations, there were many people from other countries as well. That included the one and only Mr. Krowe, a swordsman who had helped me when I was working at the pub. Surprisingly, the manager and the place’s poster girl waitress, Ms. Lyeen, were with him. They were cheering me on with smiles on their faces, even after I’d disappeared without a word to them. The din of the crowd was too loud for him to hear me, so I gave the manager a nod of thanks. I was keen to run over and apologize in person at some point.</p>

      <p>Other Brawl participants hadn’t failed to show up either. Elmirahd was in the stands alongside other nobles. He was staring at me and Lorwen, eyes sparkling like a little kid’s. Also in attendance were the fierce fighters who’d battled Lastiara and Lorwen, not to mention the academy students who had told me they were my fans. For some reason, even the receptionist who’d enrolled me and Lorwen was there, having joined the audience as part of my fan club. I was beyond embarrassed.</p>

      <p><em>Dang...there really are all sorts of people here, and they’re all shouting one thing or another...</em></p>

      <p>Before today, their cheering had done nothing but irritate me, but now it was strangely pleasant. The ear-rattling racket was as loud as a torrential downpour, but it felt as refreshing as a grassland breeze. My heart was beating faster and I was getting overcome by emotion. I was finally experiencing the true charm of the Brawl. Big festivals were great, and being able to share that experience with so many people made it tons more fun. Despite the deafening cacophony of their cheering, I smiled, at which Lorwen smiled too.</p>

      <p>“Heh. Bit of a gap in who’s getting cheered for, eh? The only eyes on me are seedy merc types’. Meanwhile they’re yelling their lungs out cheering for ya.”</p>

      <p>“Not true, dude. You’ve got it all wrong, Lorwen.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, whaddya mean?”</p>

      <p>Like he’d said, there were few who were cheering for Lorwen the monster. While some were just hungering for a juicy match, almost none were cheering for <em>him</em> specifically. The operative word being<em> almost.</em></p>

      <p>“You’ll see soon enough.”</p>

      <p>“I will, will I? Good, then. As long as I get the answers I seek, that’s just fine.”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t the kind of thing you outright told a guy. I gripped my sword tightly and locked eyes with him. The distance between us closed even more. When we were within sword range of each other, he looked up at the sky.</p>

      <p>“This is the end... For how long I’ve lived, it seems so short...” he said, looking back.</p>

      <p>What was he reminiscing about? The man had reached this battlefield after a millennium had passed. What was going through his mind was unfathomable, as I wasn’t able to see eons into the future.</p>

      <p>Lorwen etched the clear skies into his mind and muttered what he had resolved to do. It was his declaration, his oath as the Thief of Earth’s Essence.</p>

      <p>“Today’s the day. Here, I vanish.”</p>

      <p>With that, he casually held his blade at the ready. As his disciple, I assumed the very same stance before looking at his menu for one final check.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【TRIGESIMAL GUARDIAN】Thief of Earth’s Essence</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The man standing before my eyes was Lorwen Arrace. If I had to sum him up in three words, he was <em>the strongest swordfighter.</em></p>

      <p>With the last prematch check of the contestants now over, the Brawl between me and Lorwen was happening, at long last...</p>

      <p>It was upon us.</p>

      <p>When he saw us facing each other and assuming our battle stances, the presenter, who was watching from afar, shouted, “Now, then! May the Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball finals match...BEGIN!”</p>

      <p>At his cue, Lorwen and I sprang into action.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>At the emcee’s announcement, our swords flashed. This was not mere gleaming in the sunlight as we swung and clashed. Our blades practically <em>became</em> glints of light. My Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword streaked blue, and Lorwen’s Mithril Sword streaked red, the hues of the respective ores of our blades touching for a fleeting moment and coming apart before the sound even reached our eardrums. And the moment the swords came apart, the twin streaks would clash again, and again, and again.</p>

      <p>Even as I did battle, our little light show reminded me of a starry night sky. Time had condensed to a frightening point, and I tracked the blade’s trajectory and nothing else. He and I were in another world now. Another world within this foreign world. It was like watching the stars move a trillion times faster in the black expanse of space above. One wrong move and I’d be sliced in two. Death hung over me in wait, but nobody was coming to rescue me. My sword was all I could believe in. We were now in the beautiful, enchanting realm of the blade. And in that moment, I would’ve been happy gazing at that world forever and ever.</p>

      <p>But I knew this world unto ourselves wouldn’t last for long. There was too wide a gap between our respective Swordplay skills. I’d never pull even against him unless I employed magic. Even so, I wanted to see it. I wanted to <em>feel</em> the dancing of his sword with all my heart and soul, challenging him with nothing but body and blade. I never forgot the thrill of my first fight against Ms. Sera. The sheer beauty of honed blade dancing struck and surprised me. And even more unforgettable was the awe that I felt during my first fight against Lorwen. The breathtaking sublimity of swordsmanship that had reached the very pinnacle of achievement. I wanted to taste that sensation one last time. This was the world I’d dreamed of when I was a kid. My heart pounded with aspiration and admiration even as the sword fight unfolded.</p>

      <p>Yet as might be expected, Lorwen’s blade bore down on mine more and more. He pressed the advantage, and I had no choice but to fall back. I leaped away like a bounding beast and distanced myself quite a bit. Lorwen didn’t pursue me, instead addressing me with a quizzical look.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Kanami? Use your magic. You’re not gonna beat me with just your sword.”</p>

      <p>I knew that. But once Lorwen disappeared, I’d be the number one swordfighter in the world. Or more accurately, I’d have no choice. After this battle ended, I’d never again be able to catch another glimpse of that swordfighters’ world. In other words, never again could I be the admirer as opposed to the admired. But it was time to put the warm-up behind me.</p>

      <p>“I already knew that would be the case, but man, I can’t get a hit in with just my sword... All right, Teach, fine. I’ll stop holding back.”</p>

      <p>Lorwen smiled with an exasperated expression. “Bro, why were you holding back to begin with? Usually <em>I’d</em> be the one holding back...”</p>

      <p>“Gotta go through the stages of hype, right? It’s your fault for having so few skills in your arsenal.”</p>

      <p>“You’ve got a point; I can’t use magic. So, Kanami, are you gonna use dimensional magic again?”</p>

      <p>“No...”</p>

      <p>It was time to get to the core of things. I’d no longer be able to view that beautiful world from the outside. I wasn’t going to be <em>watching</em> it. I was going to become <em>part</em> of it.</p>

      <p>My forelocks floated up gently. I could feel my sensory organs increasing by one, unshackled by common sense. My Responsiveness skill was activating.</p>

      <p>“I’m gonna use the arcanum of the Arrace School, the Responsiveness skill.”</p>

      <p>I now perceived things not through magic but through my skin. I understood the trick behind this skill thanks to my experience with the bangle controlling me like a puppet. The heart of the skill lay in unifying my mind and body, and <em>acknowledging</em> the world around me. Acknowledging that this wasn’t the world I knew, and that different rules applied here, like the existence of monsters and magic energy. No more averting my eyes from the fact that I was in another world. And as a result, I grasped a portion of the laws that governed this world in my hands.</p>

      <p>Lorwen was delighted to see it. “Excellent,” he said, his expression one of childlike glee. “Now we’re talking, favored disciple! Fantastic work reaching this level. You and I are finally on the same plane. We’re the same now! So let’s let our swords do all the talking! Let’s give it everything we’ve got—no excuses, no holding back! That’s the only way a sword fight lights a fire in people!”</p>

      <p>He was even happier than I was that I’d reached his level. Judging by his expression, it was like I’d finally freed him from the loneliness of plumbing the pitch-black reaches of space. Reacting to my activation of the skill, Lorwen amplified the power of his Responsiveness. His chestnut hair started swaying, even though there was no wind.</p>

      <p>“Here I come, Teach!”</p>

      <p>“Come at me, my pupil!”</p>

      <p>Once again, the distance between us closed. I couldn’t tell you which one of us dashed first; before I knew it, our blades were clashing anew. Just like before, our slashes were flickering glimmers, but this time the fight wasn’t one-sided. He and I gave as good as we got, jostling each other on equal footing. Thanks to Responsiveness, I could now keep up with his movements.</p>

      <p>In terms of combat at sword range, Responsiveness was definitely superior to <em>Dimension</em>. With <em>Dimension</em>, I reacted only after processing the motion happening within its range of effect. With Responsiveness, I reacted instantly, without the processing downtime. The difference in reaction time was massive. If <em>Dimension</em> was the perception power for mages, Responsiveness was very much the perception power for swordfighters.</p>

      <p>The clashing continued, the sword strikes so fast that they traced thin lines flitting about my field of vision. At times, the attack would come at me from outside my view, but I blocked those without having to see them with my eyes, and the same was true for Lorwen. The strengths of our Responsiveness were more or less equal; neither was considerably inferior to the other. That meant that a different factor would decide this match—the Swordplay skill. We were staking this battle on our sword prowess. That was the fight he wanted, so in order to meet his expectations, I racked my brain for everything I knew about the blade. I pictured the swordfighters I’d met in this world, and I dug up any tidbits regarding swords that I’d learned in my world too, blending together all the information inside me and turning it over in my mind before regurgitating it.</p>

      <p><em>Sorry, Teach, but my sword skills aren’t beholden to the Arrace School. I’ve got my own way of swinging a blade.</em></p>

      <p>“Huh?!” Lorwen blanched.</p>

      <p>Until that moment, it had been a battle of Arrace School swordsmanship, but all of a sudden I’d started pulling different moves on him. Just to be different, I’d attacked him with a sword slash that was from an inferior school, Dia’s less-than-stellar sword skills, knowledge I’d picked up at the pub regarding the sword techniques of this world, techniques stolen from other divers, Tida’s brute-force swinging... My sword style was a combination and elevation of my varied Dungeon experiences. Yet Lorwen blocked all my attacks perfectly.</p>

      <p>Ms. Sera’s unique sword techniques, Ragne’s methods of attack, Hopes’s methods of defense, the Hellvilleshine methods of combat, and the knightly moves representing Pelsiona... I attacked with a sword style that was a combination and elevation of all I’d experienced regarding knightly fighting methods. But Lorwen deftly dodged it all.</p>

      <p>The combat essentials I learned at Epic Seeker alongside Mr. Vohlzark and the others, the wide variety of sword styles exhibited by Elmirahd and the other Brawl participants, Snow’s muscle-reliant moves, Lastiara’s elegant sword performances. I attacked with a sword style that was a combination and elevation of all my experiences in Laoravia.</p>

      <p>Needless to say, Lorwen deflected my efforts with a smile.</p>

      <p>Finally, I added my Earth knowledge to my experiences in this world and tried hitting him with a sword style that was a combination and elevation of absolutely everything inside me. Yet Lorwen overcame it all with ease.</p>

      <p>Though I groaned, a smile was pasted on my face. I’d pulled out my every move, and my sword had failed to even graze him. But oddly, I felt more happy than chagrined, even though this was no time to be smiling. I’d thought my barrel of tricks was endless, but I’d scraped the bottom with nothing to show for it, and I’d no longer be able to take him by surprise. I had no choice but to simply surpass him in sheer sword skill.</p>

      <p>Of course, there was no swordfighter in the whole world who could make that a taller order than the one before my eyes. The battle unfolding was slowly but surely tending in Lorwen’s favor. I did my damnedest to withstand his onslaught. Within range of each other’s swords, our eyes locked, and Lorwen grinned. Since we were teacher and student, I knew that he was planning to change it up as a thank-you for showing him that cavalcade of sword techniques. What was once a head-on sword fight was suddenly something less typical. Responsiveness was telling me that he was trying to catch me unawares. Sure enough, he mixed countless feints into his attacks—so many it made my head spin. I could tell they were just feints through Responsiveness. But unfortunately, it was because I had that inkling that my body froze up. There were just too many feints to contend with.</p>

      <p>Lorwen’s gaze fell on my throat. Through that sharp gaze of his, I could sense his imminent intention to strike me there, but that was, of course, a feint. After all, he could fight perfectly fine without the use of his eyes, and besides, he had no need to focus his attention on the place he’d be striking to begin with. I would not be led astray; I didn’t undo my stance.</p>

      <p>He shifted his hands slightly to the left. By the playbook, that stance was leading to a rightward slash. I shifted my own stance slightly in response. Upon seeing that, he then shifted his center of gravity a little bit back. Perhaps he understood I would have blocked the attack, choosing to gain some distance to start again. Normally, the optimal move was to close the distance against a retreating opponent, but I refrained from doing so. If we had been ordinary people fighting, we wouldn’t have been able to grasp such minor shifts in each other’s balance, but Lorwen and I could tell. That was why I understood that even this was just another feint, so I couldn’t actually press in on him. Naturally, he did not, in fact, fall back. The way he’d shifted his center of gravity had been a trap meant to lure me in closer.</p>

      <p>Sensing I wasn’t moving, he shifted his weight even more, swaying subtly right and left in irregular intervals and thereby steadily throwing me off my stance. As he did so, he’d occasionally throw in a sudden, unthinking, frighteningly fast slash. And it all took place over a span of time so minute that I couldn’t even afford to blink. This was nuts.</p>

      <p>It was now a battle of feints; the frequency with which our blades clashed was visibly lower. I was pulling this or that maneuver countless times a second, but maybe from the spectators’ perspective, it looked as though I was just messing around. At the center of the arena, he and I continually hopped around like some kind of joint tap dance. The lightning-fast streaks our blades traced gave the battlefield a touch of color, and the sparks that flew from time to time made for vivid stage lighting.</p>

      <p>I’d heard that prescribed sword forms were related to dance, and our fight was showing that to be true. The highest-level exchange of sword blows in the world must, in the eyes of a third party, seem like a dance of divine beauty. The audience who’d once cheered so boisterously grew more and more speechless at the sight, spellbound by this battle that was so beyond them that it might as well have been taking place among the stars. Soon, they could only gasp. It appeared that the emotion I had once experienced was what the crowd was feeling now, and that made me a wee bit glad to see. Festivals like these really were nice. People could share in the emotions they inspired. That was all it took to get the heart racing so very fast.</p>

      <p>I felt the urge to shout it from the rooftops: <em>Look; this is me! And that’s Lorwen!</em></p>

      <p>At last, the seemingly endless battle of feints drew to a close. Lorwen had me beat in terms of sheer sword skill, but it seemed I had him beat in regard to deception and tactics. I didn’t fall for any of his feints no matter how much time passed, so Lorwen opened some distance and spoke with a frustrated expression.</p>

      <p>“Damn, just can’t seem to get ya! But that’s how I like it! I expect no less of you! All right, I know what to go for now!”</p>

      <p>With those words, the battle was cranked up to the next stage. And this time, the blade of his sword... This time, it could <em>extend.</em></p>

      <p>I dodged it by the skin of my teeth, blood now dripping from my cheek. Thanks to his Magic Power Materialization skill, Lorwen’s sword could stretch just long enough to reach the edge of the arena. But the very next instant, that magic-energy blade disappeared—the guy didn’t possess much of that energy. It seemed he was expecting a protracted battle, so he economized by extending the blade for split seconds at a time. Now the distance factor, so important in normal sword fights, no longer mattered. No matter where in the arena I was positioned, I’d always be vulnerable to a deadly strike, and I couldn’t distance myself in order to take a breather either. It was time I followed suit. For indeed, this didn’t spell the end of our master-pupil showdown.</p>

      <p>I activated my own take on Magic Energy Materialization: Magic Power Freezing. While Lorwen’s energy sword was transparent like crystal, my ice sword gleamed pale blue. Our respective blades reached the barrier at the edge of the arena. On this battlefield, advancing and retreating had lost all meaning, so we started fighting by making full use of the breadth of the arena.</p>

      <p>Lorwen’s energy blade kicked up a cloud of dust upon gashing the ground, its tip leaving a scratch on the faraway barrier. As I vaulted to the side to avoid the swing, I fired off a sideways swipe attack, slicing through the dust in the air and leaving a straight-line dent in the barrier on the far side. That instant, his energy blade dispersed in midair, leaving crystalline dust in its wake. Meanwhile, my frost blade dispersed in midair, leaving behind ice crystal dust. The next instant after that, we both fashioned new blades using our energy and attacked, only for those swords to vanish in the blink of an eye once again.</p>

      <p>This repeated over and over, filling the air inside the barrier with a mist of crystal and ice. Bit by bit, the battlefield was turning into a kaleidoscope of sorts as the crystal mist reflected the sunlight in rainbow colors. The effect cast geometric patterns on the barrier, dyeing it a wondrous tapestry of hues. Our magic energy was reshaping our world, and in the midst of it all, he and I never stopped in our tracks, unleashing blade after blade with all our might and etching slash marks into the barrier at speeds past the eye’s ability to track. Those marks we were leaving served as proof that we were fighting. We made dozens and dozens of them in the blink of an eye, and in the space of a single breath, hundreds and hundreds of afterglow streaks twinkled. By the time either of us took a single step, we had already etched thousands of slash trails. Yet neither side was winning.</p>

      <p>I suspected that had I battled Lorwen before this match, I wouldn’t have been able to put up this much of a fight. However, Lorwen was gradually getting truly serious in order to enliven the fight. No...he was doing it for my sake. It was in a dimension mage’s nature to learn and become stronger. I had that to thank for having gotten this far. While I didn’t have a moment to spare on looking at my menu, I could tell that the number by the skill was increasing at an alarming rate. Likewise, now that Lorwen had a worthy opponent in me, even though he had reached the highest heights, I knew he must be making even more progress. And I was following at his heels.</p>

      <p>In the past, Lorwen had traveled this path alone. And once nobody could possibly follow alongside him anymore, he had ended up halting in his tracks. But he was frozen in place no more. A thousand years later, his lot had changed. I was here for him, and he was no longer all alone, no matter how strong he became. He was essentially teaching me the blade and polishing his own prowess at the same time. It seemed that was enough to make him overjoyed.</p>

      <p>In his glee, he shouted his unvarnished, pure, and innocent feelings for all to hear, like an unembarrassed little kid. “Yes! I’m going all out! I’m fighting at full strength! Thank you for being able to keep up with me, Kanami! Look, everyone! Look at me go! This is who Lorwen is! Please, sear the battles of the one and only Lorwen Arrace into your memories! Kanami, you’re observing everything I’ve got, and you’re responding with your own sword and remembering it all! I couldn’t be happier! I’m so, so happy!”</p>

      <p>The sword fight continued throughout, the lingering particles of ice and crystal fluttering in the air before piling up on the ground. Before we knew it, the sandy ground was dyed a thin coat of white. As he stepped on that dust, Lorwen repositioned himself away from me and ceased attacking. I ceased as well; it seemed he had something to say.</p>

      <p>“That said, at this rate we’re not getting anywhere. I could keep at it till the crack of dawn but it’d be a tad tedious. It’s not suitable for the final dance of this ball. Besides, if this magic-energy fight goes on, I’ll be the one crying uncle.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, that was what I was going for. If I could run you outta magic energy, I’d gain a slight advantage over you.”</p>

      <p>“I won’t let you do that, Kanami. I aim to settle this before you can.”</p>

      <p>Still far from where I stood, he brandished his sword. This was different from the casual forms he’d been using thus far; for the first time, the stance he took was stuffier, starchier. The sword in his right hand, he held by the left side of his waist—a stance optimized for a sideways slash. Yet he neither sheathed the sword nor shifted his body all that much lower.</p>

      <p>“Kanami, allow me to carve, in this place, the realm reached only by foolish men... This is my final technique.”</p>

      <p>He’d already used both of his arcane techniques, Responsiveness and Magic Energy Materialization. As far as I knew, he had nothing else to draw on. And yet the alarm bells ringing in my head while looking at that stance were the loudest I’d ever heard in my life. I activated Responsiveness to the maximum degree, standing ready lest I failed to notice any of what would happen next.</p>

      <p>Then, he incanted. <em>“I leave you behind, world.”</em></p>

      <p>With that, the world around him <em>distorted.</em> But how? Lorwen was a swordsman, not a mage. Even though he incanted, the magic energy inside him didn’t stir in the least. That meant that something that wasn’t magic energy was causing the space around him to warp and bend. And that space-contortion was expanding even now, spreading throughout the arena. Reality pulsed like a pounding heartbeat, driving away the crystals in the vicinity like some kind of ripple force. I felt a sense of <em>taboo</em>—it was like the laws of the world were being rewritten before my eyes. Like Lorwen was committing a terrifying violation.</p>

      <p>Thanks to Responsiveness, I caught a glimpse of the truth behind that sensation. This was an incantation that encroached upon the very roots of the world. He was afflicting the world itself—he was jacking its <em>essence</em>, which was to say, the logic and rules underpinning it. And the price that incantation incurred? At a guess, it was Lorwen’s own life.</p>

      <p>“<em>You’re the one who rejected me first, world. That is why I shall live by the blade.”</em></p>

      <p>I had come through my battle against Alty with a deeper understanding of incantation, so I understood. I sadly understood. The move he was about to unleash against me was his life itself. In all likelihood, this was the end the Arraces faced. The end of Lorwen the swordsman. It was the state that all swordfighters strove toward, the ultimate beyond. It involved swinging the sword in the most ideal of ways. That was all there was to it.</p>

      <p>His sword streaked. “Spellcast: <em>Fon A Wraith.”</em></p>

      <p>The instant I heard those words, the technique was complete. The last thing my eyes saw was the moment Lorwen’s right arm disappeared. His sword strike vanished from the world, much as though he’d punched a hole into a parallel dimension. In other words, this swing was so perfect that it didn’t even leave an afterglow.</p>

      <p>I knew of something that resembled this phenomenon. Lorwen’s blade had disappeared into another dimension—it was a lot like whenever I reached a hand into my inventory. But no, that wasn’t entirely accurate. Responsiveness told me the correct answer like a flash of instinct. Lorwen had, in fact, just used dimensional magic, albeit to a limited extent. Without using any magic energy, he’d reached the level of being able to cast a spell with nothing but sheer physical prowess.</p>

      <p>Hit with that spell, flashes of memories ran through my head. I didn’t know exactly what was going on, but it felt like my dimension-element magic energy was resonating with the spell Lorwen had cast, and as a result, it was bringing back memories that weren’t my own. I saw a dilapidated mansion and its courtyard. I saw a young man with chestnut hair all alone swinging a blade over and over and over again. I called out to the solitary swordsman, because I’d seen his fate. I’d seen where all that training would lead him. I couldn’t afford not to lure him, even though I knew it would result in his ruin. I had no choice but to drag him down into the Thief of Earth’s Essence. This was the ultimate end of emotions tinged with sorrow and resignation. These distant, blurry memories...</p>

      <p>The flashback ran on, but I instantly forgot all of it. I wasn’t the owner of those memories, after all. And so they disappeared without a trace, as though they’d never been there to begin with. But that momentary flash of memories caused me to assume the optimal defensive stance. Experience that wasn’t mine made my body move on a subconscious level. My body moved before I knew it. And likewise, it all ended before I knew it.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>