<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_3"><div class="main">
      <p>Then he vanished, turning entirely into light particles and melting into the sky.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【TITLE UNLOCKED: One Who Wanders the Land】<br/>+0.50 to Earth Magic.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>In addition to the notification, I heard the clank of metal. A sword was stuck in the ground where Lorwen had disappeared. It was sublimely beautiful, adorned with a crystal aesthetic: the Treasured Blade of the Arrace Clan that I’d given him. It had transformed in appearance, with magic gems studding the guard, and it was sticking out of the ground majestically. I used Analyze to check its name.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【LORWEN, TREASURED BLADE OF THE ARRACE CLAN】</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>It was named Lorwen. The sword that was born of the Arrace Clan had been named Lorwen. He himself had vanished, but one trace of the might he’d exhibited during the finals of the Brawl remained. None of the spectators would ever forget the way that awe-inspiring sword glimmered.</p>

      <p>Then there was the little girl who’d taken a step toward adulthood. And more than anyone, I myself stood as living proof of the man who had wandered the land as a blade.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The presenter shouted the results of the match to the stadium. “We...We’ve affirmed that Mr. Lorwen has died...or no, that he’s disappeared! As the Blademaster, he showed us all the height of swordsmanship, but Mr. Kanami took him on and surpassed him! I don’t imagine there’s anyone who doesn’t accept this victory as solidly his! So that’ll be enough, right?! It’s over, right, Mr. Kanami, sir?! The Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball goes to Aikawa Kanamiiiiii!!!”</p>

      <p>The cheers celebrating Lorwen didn’t abate, but the cheering for me intensified.</p>

      <p>“Now then, I’d like to head inside to interview our victor! The awards ceremony will be after the interview, so please, ladies and gentlemen, don’t go anywhere!”</p>

      <p>I watched the presenter, who had escaped to the stands, dash to enter the barrier. Reaper was motionless, still reeling from Lorwen’s farewell.</p>

      <p>“You okay, Reaper?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’m fine. I’m just out of magic energy. How about you, mister?”</p>

      <p>“I’m at my limit both magic energy- and staminawise. I feel really weak right now.”</p>

      <p>I’d pushed past my limits to squeeze out the strength to swing my sword and cast my spells, and now I was sore from head to toe. Despite that, I didn’t dispel <em>Dimension</em>, leaving it at minimum capacity. I’d been caught off guard after winning a battle so many times I didn’t want to count, so I used <em>Dimension</em> to probe the stadium. Beyond the audience’s cheers, I could see that various people were starting to take action to further their designs.</p>

      <p>“Looks like now’s no time to be bitching and moaning. We’re up to our necks in grown-ups acting real funny...” Picking up on my unease, Reaper had likewise started scanning the vicinity for enemies with <em>Dimension</em>.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, let’s beat it. First, let’s call everybody here.”</p>

      <p>Through my Thought Streams, I counted the number of foes while simultaneously contemplating how to escape. First, we had the Walker Clan, whom I’d antagonized just the day before. They doubtless meant me harm. Then there were the Seven Celestial Knights of Whoseyards, who were probably our enemies as long as Lastiara and Dia were with us. There was a weirdly large number of folks who had to do with Whoseyards in the venue.</p>

      <p>Among the knights and priests of that nation was a man named Pheydelt, who had been in charge during the Festival of the Blessed Birth. He was another person to be wary of. Also troublesome were all the adventurers who were confident enough to try capturing the fugitives of Lastiara’s group to cash in their bounties, and I would be best served assuming a handful of guilds would become enemies as well, if and when Vart or Whoseyards knocked on their doors. And I most likely ought to be on my toes around the Epic Seeker folks who were acquaintances of Palinchron; I couldn’t discount the possibility of counterplots based on his instructions, especially considering Rayle Thenks had been present during my brainwashing process.</p>

      <p>As I analyzed the threats in the stands, <em>Dimension</em> detected a shockingly tremendous swell in magic energy. Since it hadn’t originated within the stadium, I’d been slow to sense it.</p>

      <p>There he was, standing in place atop the spired outer wall surrounding the arena. He was drawing a magic circle on the rampart, reinforcing it with a bounty of magic gems. The moment I laid my eyes on it, every one of those gems burst open, and Liner Hellvilleshine flew into the air, propelled by the wind that had been compressed inside the gems. The might of those winds augmented his jumping ability, turning him into a human cannonball.</p>

      <p>“<em>Ix Wynd!</em>” he incanted, adding his own spell on top of it all. The wind spell that allowed him to fly about freely was converted into yet more propulsive power, reaching absolutely lethal speeds. It was like he was strapped to a fighter jet; pain had to be stabbing him everywhere, but he kept glaring our way without so much as a grimace. Wait, where was he glaring?</p>

      <p>“Reaper! Duck!”</p>

      <p>“Huh?!”</p>

      <p>I thought that if anyone, he’d attack either me or Lastiara, but he wasn’t looking at either of us. Since I didn’t know his target, I extended my sword via Magic Power Freezing to protect Reaper.</p>

      <p>In response, Liner lengthened his own blade. He wasn’t using the Magic Energy Materialization skill. If I had to say, it wasn’t unlike my Magic Power Freezing technique, because he was using wind-element magic energy to stretch out his blade. If I were to give the skill a name, it would have been something along the lines of Magic Energy Windblade-ification. Liner’s sword, Rukh Bringer, sliced through the barrier with ease, allowing him access inside. He landed in a spot situated away from where Reaper and I were, unleashing more wind magic at the same time.</p>

      <p>“<em>Wynd!</em>”</p>

      <p>He’d broken his fall using that spell, bouncing up like a rubber ball. Then he took the sword. He wasn’t after us. He was after Lorwen, the Treasured Blade of the Arrace Clan—the Guardian’s magic gem.</p>

      <p>“Hold on, Liner!” I stammered. “Give that sword back! It’s dangerous!”</p>

      <p>“Mr. Lorwen said he’d teach me the blade! So I’ll be taking this in exchange for everything he never got to teach me!”</p>

      <p>Still propelled by his wind magic, he fled in the opposite direction from which he’d entered, slicing open another tear in the barrier and barreling into a corner of the stands.</p>

      <p>One of the spectators chuckled. “Heh heh heh, that’s a knight of Hellvilleshine for you... It’s a disgrace those barbarians got the jump on us twice, but now we’re evening the score!”</p>

      <p>The man was where Liner had bounded to, and I’d seen him before at the grand cathedral of Whoseyards. It was Pheydelt. He’d been behind the plan to effectively kill Lastiara, and he was getting in our way now, of all times. Perhaps he was the puppetmaster manipulating the younger man.</p>

      <p>“Liner!” I shouted as I moved to whip my pain-racked body into action. Then I thought twice. I couldn’t leave Reaper alone in this situation. We were both in a state of total exhaustion, so splitting up our fighting power wouldn’t be very wise. Even more to the point, if I flew into action, we’d no longer be able to carry out the escape plan that I’d hammered out with Lastiara beforehand.</p>

      <p>While I stood there indecisively, the situation was shifting dynamically. I could barely believe it when Dia, who was in the stands, ran down the aisle in pursuit of Liner without a moment’s hesitation.</p>

      <p>“Hey, you! Over there! That’s mine and Sieg’s! Don’t run off with it! <em>Flame Arrow!</em>”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t the fearsome, searing laser that was his previous <em>Flame Arrow</em>; this iteration of the fire spell accounted for the normal citizens in the area. Liner jumped out of the way, but Snow and Lastiara were lying in wait where he ended up. It seemed they’d started running when Dia had. Surrounded by my friends and allies, Liner seethed.</p>

      <p>“You wanna fight, huh, ‘goddess among us’?!” he barked, glaring at Lastiara. His animosity toward her was especially intense. Yet she had zero animosity for him whatsoever. In fact, she looked more troubled than anything else.</p>

      <p>“Actually, I, uh, just figured I had to follow Dia and Snow when they suddenly bolted. I don’t particularly want to fight, so...”</p>

      <p>Apparently, Lastiara was helping out simply because she’d been unable to stop Dia from rushing off, even though the plan had been for her to take everyone into the barrier to join back up with me.</p>

      <p>“Me, I’m, uh...I’m just here for...brownie points?” offered Snow.</p>

      <p><em>Snow, Snow, Snow. What’re you </em>saying<em>, buddy?</em></p>

      <p>I spotted Ms. Sera and Maria a bit farther away. They too were on the move. From the look of it, even though they knew they needed to be regrouping with me, they couldn’t leave Dia to his rampaging. Things were going terribly wrong. Thanks to Liner’s surprise attack, chaos was beginning to engulf the stands. In addition, each individual group of people was starting to act behind the veil of secrecy, working to further their respective agendas. If somebody picked a fight, there was a chance it would devolve into a free-for-all, and I wanted to avert that possibility.</p>

      <p>The presenter was of the same mind as me. “Wait, hold on, wait, please stop! You absolutely mustn’t fight in the stands! Yes, the Brawl may be over, but surely you remember fights between any and all spectators and/or participants remain forbidden until they leave the Huura?! The tournament sentries will be the ones to capture that young boy knight, so kindly refrain from any such activities!”</p>

      <p>Liner had broken the rules, and the presenter announced that he would be dealt with accordingly. The sentries who had been waiting in the stands sprang into action, but the contingent of knights from Whoseyards blocked their way, preventing them from getting closer to Liner.</p>

      <p>“I truly apologize for our mid-tournament breach of decorum!” shouted Pheydelt. “But this is the avid wish of the Church of Levahn! I implore you, please let that young knight, Liner Hellvilleshine, pass! The senate of Whoseyards proper has directed us to secure the Guardian Lorwen Arrace’s magic gem, so if you have any objections, I’d like you to direct them there!”</p>

      <p>“The senate?! Even so, what’s against the rules is against the rules! You won’t get away with doing as you please! Uh, they won’t, right?!” Though this development had certainly taken him by surprise, the presenter didn’t cave. In the face of the authority of a world power, however, he had to check with his superiors.</p>

      <p>I looked in on Brawl management through <em>Dimension</em>, and they were confused and dismayed. On the one hand, they wanted to avoid conflicts between their group and the nations of the Alliance wherever possible. On the other hand, overlooking flagrant rules violations had implications for Brawls to come. After a moment of hesitation, their answer was no.</p>

      <p>“I... I knew it! No matter the organization, political power has no sway in Valhuura! Ladies and gentlemen of the Guard, please apprehend that knight! We’ll arrest any who threaten to run riot as well!”</p>

      <p>That decision came as a relief. The worst-case scenario had been avoided. Yet neither Pheydelt nor his knights let that perturb them. They had probably intended to carry out their orders regardless, permission be damned. Clearly, Lorwen’s magic gem was just that important to the mainland senate of Whoseyards. The sentries sidled up to the Whoseyards knights, and in conjunction with that, Lastiara’s group made to press in on Liner. He watched them come for him with an unruffled look.</p>

      <p>“You can glare at me all you like, but...are you lot sure you’ve got that sorta time?”</p>

      <p>He pointed at the knights near Lastiara using his sword. Among them were some who were clearly much stronger than their fellows.</p>

      <p>Lastiara groaned. “Ack! The Celestials are here too!”</p>

      <p>Three of the Celestial Knights were mixed in with the contingent that Pheydelt set into motion. Ms. Pelsiona, the Head Knight, was at the front, accompanied by the magic specialist and the gray-haired knight I had come across during the fight at the cathedral.</p>

      <p>The gray-haired one, Mr. Hopes, laughed. “Ha ha! Guess it’s cause of how suddenly everything’s happening, but they got us surrounded. Wonder if they’ll let us be? Seeing as we’re working to grant <em>another</em> fervent wish of Whoseyards. Hey, Head Knight, I don’t recognize any o’ these guys. Who <em>are</em> these people?”</p>

      <p>“The mainland must’ve dispatched them. They’ve got nothing to do with the Celestial Knights. Our priority is taking back our lady and Her Grace the Apostle. For now, focus on blending in with the crowd and snatching them.”</p>

      <p>“You got it. If we can knock those two unconscious, that’s mission complete for us. Nice and simple.”</p>

      <p>“Hold on, wait!” stammered Lastiara, visibly vexed. “I’ll humor you guys later, so time out!”</p>

      <p>Mr. Hopes just laughed louder. “Ha ha ha! I dunno, you seem pretty vulnerable at the moment, so this old man’s thinking if we attack now, we can make something happen, you feel me?”</p>

      <p>“Ugh! You’re as irritating as ever, Hopes!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I know. A talentless old-timer like me can’t help but fight dirty. Forgive me, milady.”</p>

      <p>The Celestials drew their swords. Their targets, Lastiara and Dia, braced themselves for battle. Worse yet, that wasn’t the only problem that had arisen in the stands. Snow was the active target of a different faction altogether. Taking advantage of the confusion, Glenn and the Walker Clan head were now standing in front of her.</p>

      <p>“Mother...Glenn...”</p>

      <p>“Ms. Snow. Wherever your trusty knight is, he isn’t by your side,” her so-called mother replied. “Heh heh. We simply <em>had</em> to make use of this state of affairs, you’ll agree. You belong to me, little lady. You are, without a doubt, mine to have.” She bade the Walker Clan elites waiting in the wings to unsheathe their blades.</p>

      <p>All in all, my allies hadn’t managed to encircle Liner, instead getting encircled themselves. Seeing that, Liner decided to leave his foes to those other forces and abscond.</p>

      <p>“Good...now I can just take the sword and run—”</p>

      <p>A wind blade flew into the ground where he was standing.</p>

      <p>“Not so fast! What on earth do you think you’re doing, mister?!” shouted the caster of that spell. It was Franrühle Hellvilleshine.</p>

      <p>“Please don’t come my way, sister! The Celestial Knights are supposed to be going after the Living Goddess, right?! How many times do I need to tell you not to let your personal feelings overtake your job?! If you just read the room, you’d understand what’s going on, wouldn’t you?! I’m on a separate mission I received from the senate!”</p>

      <p>But Franrühle stood her ground, blocking his escape route and standing firm and imposing. “I do understand! That’s why I’m here! I’m standing here not as one of the Celestial Knights, but as Franrühle Hellvilleshine! Liner, you haven’t told me one goshdarn thing! If you mean to go on ahead, don’t hide behind your mission! Persuade me using your own words! Otherwise, I won’t overlook your two-faced behavior!”</p>

      <p>“Urgh! Why’ve you always gotta be such a blockhead...”</p>

      <p>Another girl made her move while the siblings bickered. “You’re wide open! You’re always so soft on people in your circle!” Raggie’s Magic Energy Materialization-lengthened blade deftly struck the hilt of the sword Liner had been holding, knocking it out of his hands to be subsequently swiped up by her.</p>

      <p>“Ms. Ragne?!” he stammered. “Dammit! You’re as sneaky as ever! You’re one of the Celestial Knights too, for heaven’s sake!”</p>

      <p>“Nah, see, I defied orders in the past, so they left me out of the recapture operation over there. Right now, I’m just little ol’ Ragne Kyquora, friend of Franny. If you want me to give this back, it’s time you speak with your sister, Liner.”</p>

      <p>“What, here?! Now?!”</p>

      <p>The flash points that Liner’s attack had created were igniting, swords being unsheathed one after another in the seating area where such quarrels were forbidden. There were so many that the venue sentries didn’t know where to start. Amid that fracas, Raggie was staring at the steel of Lorwen, Treasured Blade of the Arrace Clan.</p>

      <p>“So this is the magic sword of the Thief of Earth’s Essence, huh? Wow...”</p>

      <p>I’d never seen that look on her face before. One glance and I could tell that the sword’s magnificence had her spellbound. She was caressing the tip with her finger, with an expression like she’d just met the person of her dreams. My Responsiveness skill was blaring in my head like a klaxon, screaming that this absolutely could not stand. I was fine handing the magic gem to anybody besides her, but my intuition insisted that come what may, I couldn’t allow Ragne Kyquora to have it.</p>

      <p>Spurred by that premonition, I decided to act. I couldn’t just stand there and watch in any case. Not after the situation had gotten this messy. I had no choice but to move and defend Reaper at the same time.</p>

      <p>“Reaper, we’re moving! Let’s help the gang out for the time being!”</p>

      <p>“O-Okay!”</p>

      <p>We headed for the hole that Liner had torn into the barrier, but a melodious voice stopped us in our tracks.</p>

      <p>“You don’t need to do that. Let me pay back the debt I owe you, Kanami. It’s your turn to rest,” said the hunk with the blond locks—Elmirahd Siddark. Yet again, he’d inferred my intentions. “<em>Water Wire.”</em></p>

      <p>Still in the stands, he fired a water spell without reservation. A cord of water wound its way toward Raggie, who was too enchanted by the sword to react quickly. While she was able to dodge the water, she didn’t notice Elmirahd approaching from behind before it was too late, and he caught her unawares like she had done to Liner, snatching the sword away from her<em>.</em></p>

      <p>“Augh!” shouted Liner. “He took it from <em>you</em>, Ms. Ragne!”</p>

      <p>Yet he couldn’t move on account of his sister and her apparent readiness to die staving him off.</p>

      <p>“No, I... You don’t understand,” said Raggie, looking for an excuse. “That was just...”</p>

      <p>Elmirahd shrugged. “Where’s the elegance, knight of Whoseyards? You do realize this is unprecedented, don’t you? Did you lot maybe not watch the match? Kanami the hero and Lorwen the Blademaster staked their swords on their battle, and the hero won. And so, this blade is Kanami’s now. That you would steal the victor’s spoils has left me deeply unimpressed.”</p>

      <p>The Whoseyards knights attacked the calm and composed Elmirahd from behind, but he used his sword and magic to dodge them with graceful ease, almost dancing through the stands before joining back up with the members of his guild, Supreme. A standoff began between the knights of Whoseyards and the knights of Laoravia.</p>

      <p>“Well, well, I see now how badly the fine folks of Whoseyards want this sword... You’re so enamored that the <em>senate on the mainland</em> saw fit to make a move. Yet if I remember correctly, this doesn’t belong to Whoseyards. Lorwen Arrace bestowed it upon Aikawa Kanami, both of whom are denizens of Laoravia. Hmm... It’s funny; I can’t think of one reason to cede this to Whoseyards.”</p>

      <p>With that, he distanced himself from his opponents and headed for Snow.</p>

      <p>“Lord Siddark, what are you <em>doing?</em>” the head of the Walker Clan asked as Elmirahd was on the move. “You need to focus solely on taking back your fiancée.”</p>

      <p>“No, I’m afraid you’re incorrect, Honored Head of the Walker Clan. In order to take back my fiancée, I would have had to defeat that there hero, but much to my chagrin, he bested me in a public duel. At the very least, I can’t lay a hand on the hero or my fiancée until such time as the Brawl is over and we’ve left Valhuura. It would be far too unseemly.”</p>

      <p>He brazenly passed through the Walker Clan siege and stood beside Snow, who was bewildered, unable to fully comprehend his intentions.</p>

      <p>“Needless to say,” he continued, ignoring how baffled everyone was, “<em>I</em> haven’t earned this beauty of a sword either. I suppose that for now, I can but use it to curry favor with my betrothed.”</p>

      <p>With that, he handed the sword to Snow. Liner and Pheydelt, who were held up in the distance, gasped.</p>

      <p>Snow took the sword. “Th-Thank you...El...”</p>

      <p>“Don’t mention it. I’m just trying to preserve the sanctity of the duel. Now, go return it to its rightful bearer by your own hand. That’s what’ll make for a fitting end to this event.”</p>

      <p>She nodded in agreement, lifting the sword up and shouting, “Lady Diaaaa! I have the sword! I’m the one who took it back! Me, Snow!”</p>

      <p>“Are you stupid, Snow?! I obviously saw the whole thing from beginning to end! <em>He’s</em> the one who got it back! The snooty snob over there!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh?! Are you telling me I can’t take the credit?!”</p>

      <p>Elmirahd sighed. “No, Snow, don’t report it to <em>her...</em>”</p>

      <p>He’d immaculately set the stage for her, and she’d ruined his lay-up. Still, thanks to him, Dia and the rest no longer had a reason to rush off now that they could concentrate on escaping.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Elmirahd!” I said. “You’re the best! And you can bet I’ll return the favor one of these days!”</p>

      <p>He turned at the waist to face me and smiled. As I thanked the stars for my strange friendship with him, I issued instructions to my scattered allies.</p>

      <p>“Snow! Come over here with the sword! Dia, Lastiara! Let’s regroup for the time being!”</p>

      <p>Snow nodded and attempted to bring the sword to me, but naturally, the fierce fighters of the Walker Clan blocked her path.</p>

      <p>“Do you honestly believe you can get there?!”</p>

      <p>Elmirahd stepped before them. “Heh. You have that backward, Honored Head. Do you people honestly believe you can reach Snow? Supreme has decided to admonish the Walker Clan for taking advantage of this chaos and losing their right minds. As another noble house, we cannot overlook such infamy.”</p>

      <p>A great many of the guild’s elites cut in, joining their guildmaster.</p>

      <p>“You who’re a great noble house in name only—you think you rival the Walker Clan?! Mr. Glenn, what are you doing standing there?! Capture Ms. Snow already!”</p>

      <p>The large cadre of fighters waited behind the head of the clan, as she’d ordered their representative, Glenn Walker, former holder of the title “the strongest,” to do the deed. Yet Mr. Glenn didn’t even look at her. Instead, he bowed his head to Elmirahd.</p>

      <p>“Lord Siddark, you have my thanks. I welcome this development.” Then, he spoke to the aging man standing next to him: Fenrir Arrace. If not for Lorwen, he would still be the one they called the Blademaster. “It seems Ms. Snow will be okay, so please, Mr. Fenrir, the Apostle is all yours, just as planned.”</p>

      <p>“Yep, be back soon.”</p>

      <p>“I think I’ll give Lasty a hand.”</p>

      <p>With that, Mr. Glenn and Fenrir Arrace stepped away.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Glenn?! I knew it! You’re—”</p>

      <p>Mr. Glenn shook free of the Walker Clan head and dashed toward Lastiara’s position. Fenrir Arrace, meanwhile, headed for Dia’s position.</p>

      <p>Fenrir stood beside Dia. “Hey there, Sithy. I see you’re being dumb as always.”</p>

      <p>“The Arrace old-timer... You gonna get in my way again?”</p>

      <p>“No, not this time. Back at the cathedral, I didn’t really know what was going on with you, so I tried to stop you, but...this time, I get the picture. And I won’t lose sight of what I oughta do.”</p>

      <p>He drew his sword in Dia’s defense, pointing it at the foes who would capture him. His aura of intimidation was overwhelming. Here he was, past the age he should be swinging a sword, yet he’d given Lorwen a run for his money. The knights encircling them shuddered in fear, loosening their siege in the face of a single old man.</p>

      <p>“Blademaster, sir...or rather, Lord Arrace...I don’t believe it. You would hinder Whoseyards?”</p>

      <p>“After our match, my esteemed ancestor requested this of me, you see. Besides, I’m rather partial to the little lady on a personal level. Now I’m going to assist Aikawa Kanami and his allies with all my might.”</p>

      <p>Several knights entered Fenrir’s range of attack. True to his word, he counterattacked without holding back, and the blades in their hands were sliced in two at a speed so blistering that only Lorwen or I could possibly have blocked it. Holding his sword pointing toward his opponent’s eyes, he abjured, “My name is Fenrir Arrace. As current head of the Arrace Clan, I am the blade that cleaveth magic. As a proud descendant of Blademaster Lorwen, I do stand before ye. E’en should ten thousand men of valor come face me, ye shall not pass.”</p>

      <p>Unlike Lorwen’s, his oaths had an august, regal air to them. In the face of his sheer gravitas, many of the knights drew back in trepidation. Then, not far off, Mr. Glenn reached Lastiara.</p>

      <p>“So, Glenn, what’s the deal?” asked Lastiara bluntly.</p>

      <p>“I’ve handed Kanami my title of ‘the strongest,’ and Ms. Snow seems to be in safe hands as well, so I’ve got nothing else to do. Let me back you up, Lasty.”</p>

      <p>“All right, cool! Then fight the Celestial Knights over there and all our pursuers from Whoseyards, thanks!”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, you never change. Don’t worry, I’ll do as you ask. I’ll take responsibility and hold them all back for you.”</p>

      <p>With a wry smile, Glenn retrieved his weapons from inside the breast of his clothes. He was a dagger wielder, a rarity in the Alliance. Holding a handful of daggers with strings attached to them, he assumed a distinctive battle stance.</p>

      <p>“Appearances aside, they did call me the strongest for a time. I can do that much with aplomb.” <em>That much</em>, he said. Referring to all of the Whoseyards knights there as a whole. His eyes still on those surrounding them, he said one last thing to Lastiara. “In exchange, could I ask you to look after Ms. Snow from now on?”</p>

      <p>“’Kay, got it.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara left it all to Mr. Glenn and made to leave. The Celestial Knights moved to stop her, of course, but Mr. Glenn’s dagger throws thwarted their attempt. Lastiara made a giant leap away, but only after checking to see that the battle had started. As she bounded across the spectator stands, she called out to her comrades, “Dia! Snow! Grab on! I’ll fling you!”</p>

      <p>She wrapped Dia in her right arm, then grabbed Snow by the neck before leaping over the heads of a sea of people. Noting they were now safe, I called out to Maria and Ms. Sera, who’d been surveying goings-on from afar.</p>

      <p>“Ms. Sera, come here and bring Maria with you!”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I think I will!”</p>

      <p>She shifted into her wolf form and dashed through the stands with Maria on her back. All of my allies had now joined me in the arena. The sight of Lastiara and Ms. Sera leaving so many soldiers in their dust reminded me of when we’d whisked Lastiara away from the cathedral. Back then, I’d had few real friends. I’d been so pressed for help that I’d had no choice but to rely on a shady bastard like Palinchron. Moreover, the strongest and the Blademaster, Mr. Glenn and Fenrir Arrace, had been on the opposing side. But not so today. Today, I was surrounded by nothing but trusted friends.</p>

      <p>Before long, Lastiara landed next to me with Snow and Dia in tow, soon followed by Ms. Sera carrying Maria. Naturally, more than a few knights and soldiers tried to enter the arena after them, but even more of my friends—the folks from Epic Seeker—acted like a wall and prevented their passage, commanded by Submaster Rayle Thenks.</p>

      <p>After Mr. Rayle gave the members their instructions, he turned to address me. “Looks like you’ve overcome the trials, son. The trials of the Thief of Earth’s Essence <em>and</em> the Thief of Darkness’s Essence...”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Yes,” I answered curtly.</p>

      <p>When Palinchron had cast his spells on me, this man had been there. He was probably the one with the deepest connection to Palinchron out of anyone here. Yet that same man now bore the kindest look in his eyes out of anyone here, staring at me and Maria as he confessed his inner sentiments.</p>

      <p>“To be frank, I didn’t think you two had what it took. I reckoned that while you had talent, your hearts were weak. I thought that if given a comfortable world of convenience, you’d choose the easy life. Or no...maybe I was just <em>hoping</em> that was the case.”</p>

      <p>“No, you’re right. My heart <em>is </em>weak. I’m sure that on my own power, I wouldn’t have been able to break free. You’re one of the people I have to thank for my coming this far.” I bowed.</p>

      <p>That took him aback. “Do you bear no grudge against me?”</p>

      <p>He’d perhaps come here knowing that I might kill him then and there. He might even have accepted that end.</p>

      <p>“I’d be lying if I said I don’t resent you. That said, you’re different from Palinchron. Even when you had me restrained, you were concerned about my physical well-being. And after I lost my memories, you worked very hard for my sake. I remember it well. You definitely wanted me and Maria to be happy.”</p>

      <p>“Ha, ha ha. That could all have been an act, you know?”</p>

      <p>“That’s okay. At the end of the day, when all is said and done, Epic Seeker needs you. If I knock you out now, the guild I put so much effort into making famous would collapse.”</p>

      <p>That, I could be absolutely sure of. After all, not only was their guildmaster inexperienced, the two submasters besides Mr. Rayle were the entirely unmotivated Snow...and <em>Palinchron.</em> It was thanks to Mr. Rayle that the guild was functioning as well as it was. I respected and admired him from the bottom of my heart.</p>

      <p>“I can’t hold a candle to ya,” he blurted under his breath. Then he set himself to fulfilling his oath to me, a serious look on his face. “You’ve defeated the Thief of Earth’s Essence, and how. And you have the magic gem that serves as proof as well. I’ll tell you everything I know, just as promised.”</p>

      <p>I figured he wasn’t trying to deceive me. Neither he nor Palinchron lied when it came to quid pro quo deals like these, so I listened to him, a serious look on my face too.</p>

      <p>“If you’re looking to chase after him, then you’ll have to search for him on the continent to the west—the mainland. Palinchron was plotting to foster you as a spark for conflict. Since he’s the secretive sort, I can’t say I know too much, but I’m pretty sure that the more he fuels a fire, the happier he is. If you intend to pursue him, do be careful.”</p>

      <p>Mr. Rayle was ostensibly in with Palinchron, yet he was wishing me well on my journeys as though he was on our side.</p>

      <p>“You are friends with Palinchron, right, Mr. Rayle?”</p>

      <p>“That’s right, I am, so don’t swallow what I’m saying wholesale. I’ll be happy if you just put it in a corner of your mind.”</p>

      <p>“Why’s a good guy like you with a bastard like—”</p>

      <p>“Our lives are linked at this point. He’s a fiendish, nasty, no-good liar...but he’s also my friend...despite his shortcomings.”</p>

      <p>They must have had quite a history together from an early age, one I wasn’t privy to. I had no choice but to take that as my answer; I’d gotten my reward already, so it was time to end this conversation. All that was left was to tie up the loose ends regarding my life in Laoravia. I faced the guild members who were protecting me and gave them my final goodbye.</p>

      <p>“Everybody, listen up, please! As your guildmaster, I make the following declaration! At this moment in time, Snow Walker and I hereby announce our departure from the guild!”</p>

      <p>As selfish as it was of me, I had to make that declaration nonetheless. I’d only been a part of Epic Seeker due to my false memories, and in effect, that meant I’d been lying to them, however unintentionally. The true me wasn’t the type to ever be spending his days in a guild.</p>

      <p>“I leave everything guild-related to Mr. Rayle, Ms. Tayly, and Mr. Vohlzark! You three will make an ideal trio of submasters. As for the guildmaster, you’ll go back to not having one. Probably forever. A hero who’s worthy of being your guildmaster doesn’t exist, no matter how hard you look. I’d bet you anything they don’t!”</p>

      <p>I braced myself for jeers and boos, but their reactions were quite placid. Mr. Vohlzark was the first to respond.</p>

      <p>“Don’t look so down in the dumps, master. You never <em>wanted</em> to be guildmaster, right? You were just hoodwinked by Palinchron. Even we know that much now. Palinchron’s the one at fault, for the most part, so don’t worry about us. Just go.”</p>

      <p>It looked as though they’d seen this coming. Apparently, the guild members understood the situation after hearing my screams in the semifinals. They were wearing the same look Mr. Vohlzark was. They proceeded to leave me with their own words of parting, each one of them referring to me as “master” to the end...</p>

      <p>“See ya, master. Don’t fret it; all of the promising young candidates our scumbag of a submaster brought in left the guild eventually. We all figured you would too, honestly.”</p>

      <p>“Take care of the cutest of our submasters for us, okay, master? If you make her cry, you’ll have to answer to me. Also, if you ever return to Laoravia, make sure to pay us at Epic Seeker a visit. This time around, I’ll manage to get a scratch on ya, just you wait.”</p>

      <p>“Did you hear how much you bitched and moaned? Yeah, you’re no ideal hero. You’ve got no real place here. That’s how the cookie crumbles, right? But thanks anyway. The days you were around weren’t bad. And you got to dream a little about being the sorta hero we’ve been looking for.”</p>

      <p>The folks of Epic Seeker were a strange lot even when they were saying goodbye. They all admitted that while they’d looked up to a hero figure like me, they knew there was no way somebody of my caliber would stay with them forever. Every one of them saw me off with a lovely look on their face, and that was all it took to put me on the verge of tears.</p>

      <p>I likewise bade them goodbye with a smile. “I owe you guys so much! Please continue to work for the people, Epic Seeker!” I said as I crafted a spell. I poured my remaining magic energy into the air, causing it to snow.</p>

      <p>Upon seeing me get covered in flecks of white, the presenter, who was held in place by the massive crowd, shouted, “Hold on, what? Mr. Kanami, don’t tell me you plan to flee?! What about the interview?! The award ceremony?! There’re still so many commemorative events for you to attend!”</p>

      <p>“Uh...sorry, but I’m not doing any of that.”</p>

      <p>“You’re joking! Without you and your associates around, we’ll be down a champion, a runner-up, <em>and</em> the semifinalists!”</p>

      <p>“Well, uh, it pains me to hear that, but...”</p>

      <p>“You’re killing me here! It’s a lethal blow to management!”</p>

      <p>While I was engaging in my final back-and-forth with the presenter, everybody who’d been duking it out in the stands entered the arena as well. I made a declaration to the Walker Clan and its agents as they approached.</p>

      <p>“Accept my apologies—I’m taking Snow with me! She said she wants to be out in the world, and I want to make that happen for her!”</p>

      <p>Snow, who was beside me, bowed her head. “I’ll see you later, everyone. Thank you for everything you’ve done for me!”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t the Walker Clan she bowed to. It was the Epic Seeker gang. Ms. Tayly spoke for the whole guild when she said, “Take care, Snow.”</p>

      <p>In the back, Mr. Vohlzark was waving wordlessly with his back turned. Snow waved back with a big smile as the members gave her a warm and genial goodbye.</p>

      <p>My next declaration was for the Whoseyards people’s ears.</p>

      <p>“I’m taking Lastiara and Dia with me too, of course! They’re not your tools or your puppets! They’re my friends!”</p>

      <p>The Celestial Knights acknowledged that the former strongest, Mr. Glenn, had them beat, so they’d stopped trying. In fact, Raggie was waving at us with a very sunny expression, the little scamp. Their hearts hadn’t been in their work. The only people who didn’t know when to give up were Pheydelt and the others who’d come here on orders from their nation’s senate. I could hear them shouting and clamoring in the distance, but because of Fenrir Arrace and Mr. Glenn, they couldn’t so much as enter the arena.</p>

      <p>Lastly, I addressed the Celestial Knight, who was a moderate distance away. “Liner! We’re going after Palinchron! If you still want your vengeance, come chase us on the mainland! Let’s settle things there!”</p>

      <p>Locked in place the whole time due to his sister’s interference, Liner had a bitter look on his face.</p>

      <p><em>All right, I’ve got nothing else to say, really. Just words of thanks.</em></p>

      <p>I made it snow, generating a largish <em>Connection</em> portal within the blizzard. Then, as I opened the gateway, I shouted for all the spectators to hear, loud enough to rival the magic mic’s volume. “Ladies and gentlemen, your attention! Goodbye, everyone, and thank you so much for all your support!”</p>

      <p>The crowd erupted in echoing cheers. They’d enjoyed watching the postmatch scuffles too, and it appeared the conclusion to this year’s unprecedented Brawl had left them satisfied. Amid the most thunderous applause of the day, we disappeared into the snow.</p>

      <p>“Let’s meet again one day!!!” I shouted.</p>

      <p>With that, we passed through the <em>Connection</em> door, and so I, Reaper, Lastiara, Dia, Maria, Snow, and Ms. Sera vanished from Valhuura. Needless to say, the door itself also vanished, preventing anyone from chasing us. Our escape was a total success.</p>

      <p>Thus did our long and lengthy Brawl conclude, and I’d cleared some more of the Dungeon’s trials on top of that. Moreover, this wasn’t any old victory. We weren’t missing a single person...and best of all, we’d all overcome the challenge with smiles on our faces. What sweeter victory could there be?</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>