<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <div class="main">
    <section epub:type="copyright-page" id="Copyright01">
      <h1 class="copyright-title"><a href="toc.xhtml#toc-copyright">Copyright</a></h1>

      <p>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 7</p>

      <p>by Tarisa Warinai</p>

      <p class="section-break">Giuseppe di Martino</p>

      <p>Edited by Tess Nanavati</p>

      <p class="section-break">This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.</p>

      <p class="section-break">Copyright © 2016 Tarisa Warinai</p>

      <p>Illustrations by Saki Ukai</p>

      <p>Cover illustration by Saki Ukai</p>

      <p class="section-break">All rights reserved.</p>

      <p class="section-break">Original Japanese edition published in 2016 by OVERLAP, Inc.</p>

      <p>This English edition is published by arrangement with OVERLAP, Inc., Tokyo</p>

      <p>English translation © 2024 J-Novel Club LLC</p>

      <p class="section-break">All rights reserved. In accordance with the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, the scanning, uploading, and electronic sharing of any part of this book without the permission of the publisher is unlawful piracy and theft of the author’s intellectual property.</p>

      <p class="section-break">J-Novel Club LLC</p>

      <p><a href="https://j-novel.club">j-novel.club</a></p>

      <p>The publisher is not responsible for websites (or their content) that are not owned by the publisher.</p>

      <p>Ebook edition 1.0: February 2024</p>

      <p>Premium E-Book for faratnis</p>
    </section>
  </div>
</body>
</html>