<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Everyone—thank you for reading. This is Yuri Kitayama. I’d like to extend my gratitude to everyone who picked up <em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Vol. 11 — Sonata of Beginnings</em>.</p>

      <p>So, Volume 11 of Seirei Gensouki is now on sale!</p>

      <p>Now, as mentioned previously in the Volume 10 afterword, part two of the series starts as of volume 11. Just because part two has started doesn’t mean anything major will change, though, haha. However, points of foreshadowing strewn across those ten volumes will be newly addressed, and existing relationships will have even more opportunities to change... I believe.</p>

      <p>Volume 11 was given the subtitle “Sonata of Beginnings,” meaning “part two starts now” and “here’s a sneak peek into things.” I hope everyone will continue to enjoy this series.</p>

      <p>Furthermore, web novel readers may notice some curious differences between the web novel and light novel from this point onwards. With the story already as different as it is, there should be quite a few changes brought on by the butterfly effect! I can’t say what specifically as that would be a spoiler, hehe.</p>

      <p>For the record, there are several points in Volume 11 where I purposefully stuck to the plot of the web novel, but even then, I included many modifications that will later lead to more butterfly effects, so please look forward to how Volume 12 and onwards differs from the web novel!</p>

      <p>And now for a very important announcement. It’s already been announced online, and it should be mentioned in the packaging of this volume as well, but...</p>

      <p>The drama CD version of Seirei Gensouki has been confirmed! Voices will be given to the characters inside the world of Seirei Gensouki! The characters will SPEAK!</p>

      <p>Who’s going to appear? What will the story be about? Who’s in the cast? Details such as these haven’t been decided at the point of writing this afterword, but the plan is to sell it this winter as a special edition of Volume 12, so I hope everyone looks forward to that as well.</p>

      <p>Finally, thank you from the bottom of my heart to all the readers and staff involved in supporting Seirei Gensouki! I hope I’ll be able to continue connecting with everyone through my works for a long time in the future. I shall wrap up here this time—let’s meet again in Volume 12!</p>

      <p class="signature">Early August 2018</p>

      <p class="signature">Yuri Kitayama</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>