<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>...Haruto is so mature.</em></p>

      <p>It was only natural, considering he had lived in Japan up until he was a university student before adding on his years living here, but Miharu felt that even more strongly after hearing his words. What was she like in comparison? It would be a stretch to say she could stand by his side equally.</p>

      <p>She was still a child, after all... While Miharu could tell how reliable Rio was, at the same time, she was frustrated with her own immaturity.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, a bit earlier—</p>

      <p>“We’re coming in.” Satsuki entered the meeting room where Takahisa and Aki were waiting. Lilianna followed behind her.</p>

      <p>“S-Satsuki... and Lily...” Takahisa averted his eyes with an awfully guilt-ridden face. There was no way he could meet their eyes directly.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Aki was as pale as a sheet, shrinking back in her seat.</p>

      <p>Satsuki sighed. “I’m sure you know the meaning of why the two of you were brought here, right? Not only the perpetrator, but Aki, too,” she said while standing.</p>

      <p>“Ah, that’s...” Aki flinched, looking at Lilianna standing behind Satsuki.</p>

      <p>Satsuki followed her gaze and felt anger and exasperation surge within her. “Just what were the two of you trying to accomplish?” she asked clearly.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Neither of them answered. Takahisa was glaring into the distance with a bitter expression while Aki’s eyes were heavily tinted with guilt as they darted about the place.</p>

      <p>“Judging from her reaction, Aki’s finally realized the scale of the irremediable mess that was made, it seems? Takahisa still seems to be discontent about the current situation.”</p>

      <p>“...Did Lily tell you everything?” Takahisa asked sullenly.</p>

      <p>“You forced Princess Lilianna to cooperate under certain conditions, so obviously. The hero of her kingdom was about to cause an uproar in a foreign kingdom. That’s an international problem, you realize? She worked desperately to secure as favorable a position as possible for the two of you and the kingdom as soon as she found out. And yet, what’s with your attitude right now, Takahisa? Do you even understand that you took advantage of Miharu and caused trouble for so many people because of your own selfishness?” Satsuki snapped after seeing Takahisa’s attitude.</p>

      <p>“...” Takahisa bit down on his lip bitterly.</p>

      <p>“On top of that, you even dragged Aki into it just because she said she’d cooperate... If you’re her brother, shouldn’t you be the one to stop her?”</p>

      <p>“...” Takahisa fell silent with a sullen face. Aki watched him getting scolded with a sidelong glance before looking even more gloomy herself.</p>

      <p>“Is that a look to say you don’t even feel the slightest hint of remorse? Or is it a look to say you don’t want to accept your faults?”</p>

      <p>“It’s neither...” Takahisa answered sulkily.</p>

      <p>“I see. Enough of this, then. It seems like you don’t want to listen, so I’ll just start with the conclusion.” Satsuki sighed deeply. “What you two did was a crime. It’s not something that can be easily forgiven. If it were, it wouldn’t be of any help to either of you. That’s why Haruto, Miharu, and I discussed things and decided that you won’t just get off the hook. The two of them are explaining the situation to Masato now, but we’ve decided it would be better for them to avoid seeing you for awhile. I won’t let the two of you meet them right now.”</p>

      <p>They wouldn’t be forgiven easily. They wouldn’t even be allowed to see Miharu or Rio. Hearing Satsuki’s firm words made Aki turn even paler. “Ah...”</p>

      <p>“But even if what we did was a crime, that man—he’s an undeniable criminal, too! And a murderer to boot! And yet...!” The violent emotions swirling in Takahisa’s chest burst forth, making him spit out his words with a desperate expression.</p>

      <p>“...That’s irrelevant. No, that’s pathetic.” Satsuki’s resentful face immediately turned into a look of pity.</p>

      <p>“Pathetic?” Takahisa stared at Satsuki, as if to challenge her.</p>

      <p>“Because it is, isn’t it? You’re using the fact that Haruto’s killed before as a means to an end. You simply can’t accept the fact that Miharu is in love with someone other than you. That’s why you went crazy with jealousy and committed a crime. There was an easy part of Haruto you could criticize, so you’re clinging to it to drag him down with you. If that isn’t pathetic, then what is it?” Satsuki said plainly.</p>

      <p>“W-Wha...” Takahisa was rendered speechless. He tried to argue back, but no words would come out. His rage and shame muddled together until his vision grew dark.</p>

      <p>“You couldn’t become the one Miharu loved. Haruto was the one chosen. That had been decided from the beginning. Did you think if you dragged him down, that you’d be moved up, instead?” Satsuki asked, stirring Takahisa up in order to reveal his ugly inner self.</p>

      <p>“T-That’s not true! If only—If only Miharu had been summoned with me instead...!”</p>

      <p>“Even if Miharu had been summoned with you, she wouldn’t have fallen in love with you. As long as you refuse to accept that, your relationship with us won’t progress any more than this. I don’t want to believe it, but I do,” Satsuki said, a dark shadow falling over her face. She then turned to Aki and pouted her shapely lips. “You’re not going to be a child forever, either, Aki, so it’s time to act more grown up. Were you going to whine like a baby and tie Miharu to you forever?”</p>

      <p>“I-I just... I just...” Aki whispered in a barely audible voice. She had just wanted to take back the relationship they had before. But before she knew it, that relationship had crumbled by her own hands.</p>

      <p>“That goes for Haruto, too. You need to face him properly and tell him what you want. That’s why I asked him during our match yesterday—I asked him to face you two without holding back, otherwise we can’t move forward. That’s why he went to visit you last night by himself, yet you two went and tried to kidnap Miharu...” Satsuki grimaced in sadness, emotions filling her chest.</p>

      <p>“...” Aki couldn’t say anything. Unable to look directly at Satsuki, she lowered her gaze and paled in guilt.</p>

      <p>“Aki, you might consider Haruto to be heartless, but who’s the heartless one now? You two trampled all over Miharu’s feelings in order to fulfill your spoiled demands, using despicable means to return Haruto’s favor with something so awful.”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>“You’ve created such a big incident that you won’t be treated as a child any longer. Don’t think that remaining silent will make Miharu move on your behalf and extend her hand to you. Think for yourself about what you should be doing from now on.”</p>

      <p><em>If she really wanted to be forgiven, then she should reflect on her actions before apologizing sincerely to Miharu and Haruto.</em> Satsuki wanted to add that, but didn’t. She wanted Aki to think about whether she wanted to be forgiven herself.</p>

      <p>“Uhm...” Aki hung her head as tears filled her eyes. She clenched her fists.</p>

      <p>“My apologies for the rant, Princess Lilianna. If you have anything to add, please, go ahead.” Satsuki sighed and handed the conversation to Lilianna after seeing Aki fall silent.</p>

      <p>“Lady Satsuki has said everything needed to be said at present, but I shall add a little,” Lilianna began. Her words came out fluently, as though memorized. “Sir Takahisa. I told you there was no chance of success beforehand. You must know what happens now without me saying it out loud, no?”</p>

      <p>“...Return to Centostella and accept my punishment while playing the hero, yeah,” Takahisa said, sulking.</p>

      <p>“Yes. We’ll be leaving within a few days at the latest. Lady Aki, you will also be coming to our kingdom, so please be prepared to leave at any moment.”</p>

      <p>“...Ah, r-right.” Aki flinched and replied in a stammer. She couldn’t tell whether the several days until departure would feel long or short.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>