<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: Chance Encounter</h1>

      <p>The next morning, Rio and the others moved out of the stone house they had been living in and departed for Count Claire’s territory in the eastern end of the Beltrum Kingdom.</p>

      <p>Rio, Aishia, and Orphia flew with their wind spirit arts while Celia, Miharu, Latifa, Sara, and Alma rode on the back of Orphia’s contract spirit, the giant eagle Ariel. By traveling like this, they made it to Count Claire’s domain before sundown.</p>

      <p>The capital of the domain they had once visited before was called Cleia, where Celia’s family home was naturally located. The plan that had been decided with Celia was to descend in the forest near the city and set up the stone house as their base, then wait for nightfall before slipping through the darkness and sneaking into the estate grounds like before.</p>

      <p>Roughly half an hour after entering the domain, the capital city could be spotted in the far distance, but—</p>

      <p>“Haruto.” Aishia suddenly called Rio’s name.</p>

      <p>“I know. Everyone, there’s still a little distance until the city, but we’re going to descend into the forest below us now,” Rio immediately directed.</p>

      <p>“W-What’s wrong?” Celia asked, worried about the sudden descent.</p>

      <p>Sara had a solid grasp of the situation, so she explained the reason to Celia. “There’s something flying near the city. We’ll be discovered if we approach like this, so we’re going to descend.”</p>

      <p>“Is it an enchanted ship or something?”</p>

      <p>“No, it’s probably some kind of creature. I saw a person on its back, so it was probably a griffon...”</p>

      <p>“...Was it one of the griffons being kept at my house?” Celia wondered with a tilt of her head. While she did so, the party landed in the forest. They were surrounded by densely-growing trees, so it wasn’t likely that the person riding the griffon above would notice them.</p>

      <p>“I’d like to see what’s going on, so can everyone set up the stone house and wait here? I might get lost on the way back, so Aishia should stay here, too. Professor Celia can come with me, since she probably knows the city well,” Rio said, giving his instructions briskly.</p>

      <p>“Sure, but won’t we be spotted if we fly?”</p>

      <p>“That’s why we’ll be running through the forest.”</p>

      <p>“Umm, I can use the enchantment for physical ability, but I won’t be able to keep up with you...”</p>

      <p>Celia was a typical non-athletic person. As a well-rounded sorcerer she could use all kinds of magic, but even with her physical abilities enhanced, she couldn’t keep up with Rio’s inhuman spirit art enhancements.</p>

      <p>But the bigger problem was the fact that the brain couldn’t keep up with the physical boost of the magic. Just enhancing the physical ability wasn’t enough—the athletic senses to control the enhanced body’s movements was also necessary. Celia was completely lacking in that quality. Running in a forest with such unstable footing was out of the question. However—</p>

      <p>“It’s okay. I’ll carry you and run. It’ll be shakier than flying through the sky, though.” Problem solved.</p>

      <p>“G-Got it.” Hearing that she would be carried by Rio made a faint blush appear on Celia’s cheeks.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Less than an hour later, Rio and Celia reached the capital of Cleia.</p>

      <p>“...Huh? It’s the Aerial Knights of the Beltrum Kingdom. I wonder why they’re here?”</p>

      <p>After getting close enough to the city, they stepped out onto the main road, where Celia stopped and looked up at the sky. Circling above them were the Aerial Knights of Beltrum, riding their griffons. Griffons were known as the lions of the skies, famous for being the other rulers of the skies apart from dragons, and were extremely intelligent.</p>

      <p>Some kingdoms domesticated them to use as mounts, but they had volatile tempers and mostly lived in mountain habitats. Their upper bodies were like birds of prey, so their high-pitched screeches were characteristic to them.</p>

      <p>“If they’ve dispatched the valuable aerial forces, then something big must have happened... For now, let’s get into the city and gather information.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah.” Celia nodded with a stiff expression. Thus, the two of them set off for the city.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>At the moment, Rio and Celia were in the square of the residential district outside Cleia’s outer walls. They wore plain robes and hid their faces under hoods as they walked.</p>

      <p>“It’s not very lively, huh...”</p>

      <p>“There are lots of people who don’t seem to have homes to live in... The unemployed and the migrants. And even though we’re outside the walls, there are lots of soldiers on patrol.”</p>

      <p>Since the areas outside the city walls were largely exempt from taxes, in any city they were normally lined with stalls and filled with bustling activity. However, as far as Rio and Celia could see, there were few stalls and even less shoppers wandering about. Families and groups of people who had lost their homes were sitting around the edges of the square.</p>

      <p>At a glance, there were more homeless people than expected.</p>

      <p>“And the soldiers patrolling around aren’t from this territory. They’re all wearing the uniform of the kingdom’s army. What is happening...”</p>

      <p>It seemed like the current atmosphere of Cleia was vastly different from what Celia was familiar with. She wore a sullen expression, shaken by the change in the air of her hometown.</p>

      <p>Firstly, it was strange for the kingdom’s army to be stationed on the land of a local lord. With the exception of during wartime, the defense of each city was entirely the responsibility of the lord. It would normally be impossible for the kingdom’s army to intervene.</p>

      <p>“Wartime... which we aren’t in right now. Which means the army is here for some kind of investigation, or as a precaution to something...” Rio said, offering some possibilities.</p>

      <p>“Hey, you. The man and woman over there. Remove your hoods.” A lone soldier approached them with an order.</p>

      <p>“Huh? M-Me...?” Celia flinched in surprise, but Rio removed his own hood.</p>

      <p>“...It’s all right. Do as he says.”</p>

      <p>“Okay...”</p>

      <p>Celia removed her hood nervously. Her artifact-altered blonde hair reflected in the soldier’s eyes.</p>

      <p>“...Tch. Get out of here.” The soldier only seemed to be paying attention to hair color, as he clicked his tongue and left.</p>

      <p><em>It seems like they’re searching for someone, </em>Rio presumed from the exchange just now.</p>

      <p><em>One possibility would be the lord’s daughter—the Professor. But quite some time has passed since Celia disappeared. They weren’t as strict the last time we were here, so I doubt they would carry out such a large-scale investigation at this point in time...</em></p>

      <p>Which made it highly likely they were searching for someone else.</p>

      <p>“We may get questioned again if we put our hoods back on. I doubt we’d be suspected without cause, but it may be better to move with our faces revealed for now. Shall we leave our hoods down from here on? You may run into someone you know, so try and stay away from the noble district. I’ll go instead,” Rio suggested.</p>

      <p>He was concerned that Celia’s above-average appearance would draw the attention of strangers, but it seemed better than being questioned by soldiers everywhere. The noble district was located deep within the city walls, so there was a low chance of encountering an acquaintance, and Celia’s hair was currently altered with a magic artifact so no one would recognize her at a glance. The risks were at an acceptable level.</p>

      <p>“All right.”</p>

      <p>“It doesn’t seem like the outskirts are doing well right now, so let’s head inside the walls.”</p>

      <p>“...Right.”</p>

      <p>And so, the two of them went inside the city walls.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Rio entered the city walls and escorted Celia to a cozy cafe before venturing closer towards the lord’s estate alone. He looked around at the state of things for thirty minutes or so before immediately returning to Celia.</p>

      <p>“The security around the estate looks pretty strict. As expected, it was surrounded by soldiers as well. What should we do? Should we sneak in tonight as planned?”</p>

      <p>“...If it’s possible to sneak in, then that’s what I want to do. But there’s no need to push ourselves if there’s a high risk of being discovered,” Celia said reluctantly. Based on what she had seen of the city until now, there was definitely something going on that bothered her.</p>

      <p>“It’s possible. If we use the same secret underground passageway as last time, we should be able to blend in with the darkness of the night. And, on the off chance that we’re spotted, they’re still unaware of our presence here, and there are countless escape routes at night. The risk may be a little high, but I believe it’s worth sneaking in,” Rio said, in favor of infiltration to stop Celia from showing reserve.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. I’ll be counting on you, then, Haruto.” Celia gave a pained smile and bowed her head.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Soon after, Rio and Celia went back to the stone house to pick up Aishia before returning to Cleia once more. Miharu and the spirit folk girls were to continue watching the house. Rio, Aishia, and Celia checked into a room at an inn and waited for the late hours of the night before finally commencing their attempt into Count Claire’s estate.</p>

      <p>Campfires burned around the mansion, which was located at the top of a small hill. Soldiers patrolled the perimeter at every turn, making it impossible for a typical intruder to even get through to the garden.</p>

      <p>However, for Rio, who could fly through the air using spirit arts, blending into the darkness of the skies that the guards weren’t watching wasn’t all that difficult. He knew his way in from the last time they came to deliver Celia’s letter after fleeing her wedding, so they arrived at the underground passageway without any issue.</p>

      <p>After fiddling with the ground near the fountain and grabbing the hidden handle that appeared, Rio yanked the door up in a single tug. The staircase down to the passageway stood before them.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go.”</p>

      <p>“Okay.”</p>

      <p>The two of them descended down the stairs. While Rio was returning the opening to how it was before, Celia activated the magic artifacts acting as lamps along the wall.</p>

      <p>Once the underground passageway was illuminated, they proceeded forward. After a short while, they stepped out into an open space underneath the mansion. Before them was a staircase that headed upwards, while to the left and right were several doors. Rio and Celia came to a halt before them.</p>

      <p>“Let’s have Aishia check the state of the mansion in her spirit form. Are there any essence detection artifacts set up in your house?”</p>

      <p>“There are, but they’re probably turned off. We do a lot of magic research using magic essence as a source of energy, so they’d be constantly activated if we kept them on.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>Like daughter, like family, it seemed. In which case, Aishia could just adapt with the situation as she went. But, just as Rio finished thinking, a door in the underground room suddenly opened. Rio immediately moved before Celia to cover her, putting on the hood of his black robe that he usually didn’t wear.</p>

      <p>The person who appeared in the doorway was a beautiful girl. Her light purple hair was long and straight, her pupils were a deep violet, and her facial features held a refined elegance that was clearly of a different quality to the simplistic beauty commoner girls produced. She seemed to be similar in age to Rio.</p>

      <p><em>...Princess Christina?!</em></p>

      <p>It was the Beltrum Kingdom’s first princess, Christina. He had just met her at the banquet the other day, so there was no mistaking it. She was wearing lovely noble clothes that were designed around a purple base, underneath a pure white poncho. As soon as she spotted the hooded Rio in the passageway, she paled.</p>

      <p>“V-Vanessa!” she yelled loudly, and another woman appeared in the middle of the doorway. She seemed to be in her mid-twenties; she was wearing a knight’s uniform and had a sword sheathed at her waist.</p>

      <p>Her name was Vanessa Emarle, and she was the knight who had once brought the orphaned Rio from the slums to the castle at swordpoint. As soon as Rio came into Vanessa’s view, a sharp look appeared on her face.</p>

      <p>“Who goes there?” she yelled, taking on a battle stance.</p>

      <p><em>What do we do?</em></p>

      <p>Should they reveal themselves, or should they run for now? It was hard to make a decision on the spot. In contrast, Vanessa showed no hesitation at all as she charged at Rio.</p>

      <p>She didn’t seem as though she intended to kill, as she didn’t draw her weapon, but a dangerous light gleamed in her eyes.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no time to think.</em></p>

      <p>Rio moved forward to counter immediately, and the two of them made contact. Vanessa grabbed at Rio in an attempt to suppress him.</p>

      <p><em>Slap</em>!</p>

      <p>He parried her arm lightly. Rio proceeded to grab that arm and immobilize her movements.</p>

      <p>“Tch!”</p>

      <p>Vanessa shook him off her arm in a hurry, thrusting her other hand at Rio’s abdomen. But Rio threw out a punch to knock Vanessa’s fist off-course, changing her trajectory.</p>

      <p>“Fall back to the corridor!”</p>

      <p>“Move, Vanessa!”</p>

      <p>Rio and Christina both yelled at once, their voices echoing in the room. Vanessa was first to react, jumping aside as Christina held her right hand up and chanted a spell.</p>

      <p>“<em>Photon Projectilis</em>!”</p>

      <p>A small circle floated above her palm and three bullets of light flew out in succession.</p>

      <p>The high speed bullets of magic energy came flying towards Rio. Even for a regular human there was a low chance of death upon impact, but each bullet had enough force to break a bone if contact was made in the right place. Rio used his spirit arts to enhance his physical body and abilities. He focused more magic essence into his hands to strengthen them. The bullets Christina released were all visible to him. His arm, shoulder, body—it was clear they were fired with the aim to seal Rio’s movements.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>