<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Hero Laughs While Walking the Path of Vengeance a Second Time</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter018">
<p>“I don’t suppose there’s any chance it’s just a regular orc that just so happens to be big and black?”</p>
<p>“This is no time for jokes, Master!”</p>
<p>Even if there was a 1 percent chance my wishful thinking could come true, reality came back at me with a big, fat <em>no</em>.</p>
<p><em>“Broooooaaaaahhh!!”</em></p>
<p>“Leave it to me!”</p>
<p>The Black Orc swung its right fist at us as if we were little more than shrubs in its way. I heard the whoosh of air and the splintering of wood as it struck a nearby tree.</p>
<p>“Damn, we can’t fight it here. Let’s get back to the road!”</p>
<p>Just like with that goblin with the cursed sword, taking a solid hit here would be pretty bad. Minnalis could probably tank a couple hits if she defended them perfectly, but her sword couldn’t. I, on the other hand, would be toast. The orc’s Agility was low, and it was rather dumb, so it would be easy enough to dodge its attacks, but the trees here would get in the way. They didn’t bother the Black Orc so much because it could just mow them down with its attacks. I couldn’t ignore them outright like it could. Therefore, it was wiser to fall back to the open space of the road where we could move around more easily.</p>
<p>“It looks like the fight there is still ongoing, Master! Let’s lead it there, and perhaps we can use them as a decoy— Hrh!”</p>
<p><em>“Brrrrraaaaghhh!”</em></p>
<p>This time the Black Orc swung its left arm down, like a lightning bolt from the sky. Minnalis jumped aside to evade it.</p>
<p>“Goddammit, calm down!!!”</p>
<p>I tossed a throwing knife at the Black Orc’s eyes, but it turned its face aside and was struck only on the cheek.</p>
<p><em>“Bruugh!”</em></p>
<p>“Damn, not even enough to leave a mark…”</p>
<p>The knife had been coated in Minnalis’s poison, but it didn’t even have the slightest effect. Still, I threw several more knives as a distraction before conjuring up the Challenger’s Blade of Adversity. Watching the Black Orc brush aside the knives like they were a mere nuisance, we leaped out of the forest and into the road.</p>
<p>“Wha—?! That’s a Black Orc!”</p>
<p>“Eek! What’s it doin’ here?!”</p>
<p>I didn’t know if that was the adventurers or the bandits, but they echoed my sentiments perfectly.</p>
<p>The Black Orc seemed pleased to find even more prey and made a cheerful-sounding grunt. I gripped the Challenger’s Blade of Adversity in both hands and faced it. This weapon was shaped like a pair of tonfa from our world, except that the striking part was replaced with a gleaming blade that curved gently inward, like a sickle, with the edge on the outside. The handle was located about two-thirds of the way down the one-meter-long blade on the blunt side. The two blades were bright red with accents of blue and black, and even now they seemed hungry to slice into their prey.</p>
<p><em>“Brrrrrgh!!”</em></p>
<p>The Black Orc struck the man standing in shock before it with its enormous arm, then he fell to the ground, unmoving, as if every single bone in his body had been crushed. Judging by his dress, he was probably one of the bandits. They should have fled as soon as they heard the Black Orc’s cry, but I guess they couldn’t bear to retreat just when they were on the verge of winning.</p>
<p><em>“Oink, oink, oink!!”</em></p>
<p>The Black Orc picked up the man’s corpse and dropped it in its mouth, gobbling up the whole thing in a matter of seconds.</p>
<p>“R-run awa… G-gyah!”</p>
<p>I grabbed a bandit who happened to come within reach, channeled my mana into my arm, and hurled him at the Black Orc’s right shoulder.</p>
<p><em>“Bruaaaagh!”</em></p>
<p>“Eeeek!!”</p>
<p>The Black Orc, of course, met the human cannonball with its fist in midair. The bandit’s bones splintered, and he died without even having the chance to scream. Grateful for the distraction, I slipped in beneath the Black Orc’s blind spot and swung my blade at its shins, sinking it halfway into its flesh.</p>
<p><em>“Bruaaaaargh!”</em></p>
<p>“Dammit, just how resistant to physical attacks can you be?”</p>
<p>I had meant to slice clean through, but the attack only left the creature lightly wounded. Still, it caused it to leap back, seemingly wary of me.</p>
<p>The Black Orc was, of course, a type of orc. The guild assigned it a rank of D+, meaning that a party of five D-rank adventurers, or two C-rank adventurers, was needed to slay it. Usually, the highest rank an adventurer was expected to obtain was B, and they were considered fully fledged at D, so that should give you an idea of just how strong this thing was.</p>
<p>Incidentally, the royal knight commander’s squadron was still only a five-man-band at this point, probably around C, and the guards I fought when I’d escaped were about E+ at best.</p>
<p>The Black Orc’s power surpassed all other orcs, but its true strength lay in its intrinsic ability, Blackhide, that gave it unparalleled physical defenses. Any ordinary weapon would not only fail to leave a scratch but would also very likely be damaged in the process. However, it was exceedingly weak to magic attacks, and this led to a lower rank than it would otherwise deserve. However…</p>
<p>“Damn, I picked the wrong soul blade.”</p>
<p>Right now, we had no way of performing magic attacks. Minnalis could create poisons with mana, but poison magic couldn’t do any direct damage by itself. Those poisons still had to be applied physically, and in addition to that, the Black Orc was resistant to all forms of status ailments. Even if we tried creating a toxic cloud to have it inhale the poison, that could likely backfire on us.</p>
<p>I had already seen from watching the fight that there were no magic-users among either the adventurers or the bandits. Since our attacks were having little effect, perhaps it would be easier to take advantage of its low Agility and simply make a break for it, but…</p>
<p>“Master, what’s the matter?”</p>
<p>“It’s already been weakened. It seems like a shame.”</p>
<p>I didn’t know how it had happened, but the Black Orc had already taken quite a bit of damage. In the light of the dawn, I could see cuts and blood all over its body.</p>
<p>“Damn, why’d it have to show up here? Retreat!”</p>
<p>That was the voice of the bandit leader, taking several of his men and falling back into the forest on the opposite side of where the Black Orc had appeared.</p>
<p>“Come on, client, forget the cart and run!!”</p>
<p>“B-but wait, my precious merchandise is still inside…!!”</p>
<p>“You wanna stick around and wind up in the ground?! Get moving already!!”</p>
<p>This time it was the leader of the adventurers, who huddled around the client and took off down the road.</p>
<p>“Get outta here, you two!! You’ve only got swords! Nothin’ but magic is gonna finish that creature off!” the leader shouted, before fleeing alongside their companions without waiting to see how things turned out. It was a quick and rational decision. I guessed this person must have been a veteran, used to putting themselves in harm’s way.</p>
<p>“But I hate to see all this experience go to waste. We can duke it out a lot more easily now that the peanut gallery is gone, too.”</p>
<p>I checked his status again, and the Black Orc’s HP had gone down from 534 to 498. Its bleeding appeared to be draining its health, as well.</p>
<p>“I think we should leave it and retr—”</p>
<p>“Minnalis, did you know that Black Orc flesh is an important research component, the price of which is measured in gold?”</p>
<p>“Master, I think we should stay and defeat it! Money is the solution to many of life’s problems!”</p>
<p>“…We have plenty of cash already thanks to your penny-pinching.”</p>
<p>“That doesn’t matter! You can never have too much!”</p>
<p>“That’s true.”</p>
<p>I felt like it was more her miserliness than her keen economic senses doing the talking, but I kept that to myself.</p>
<p><em>“Bruuuooooaaaaghhh!”</em> The orc, tired of keeping its distance, charged in, swinging its fists.</p>
<p>“Minnalis, cover me. Look out for its insane strength and its resistance to physical attacks and status conditions.”</p>
<p>“Okay, Master.”</p>
<p>As the Black Orc swung its fist, I took my stance with the tonfa. Dashing between the creature’s legs, I delivered another stroke to exactly the same place I had inflicted the previous wound.</p>
<p><em>“Braaaaagh! Rraagh!”</em></p>
<p>The Black Orc gave a squeal of pain and swung around, launching another fist, but I rolled to avoid it. As it turned to pursue me, one of Minnalis’s poisoned knives flew toward its eyes. Just like with mine, it dodged it by moving its head, but…</p>
<p>“It may be big, but it’s still as dumb as any orc.”</p>
<p><em>“Bruuoooaaaagh!!”</em></p>
<p>Minnalis’s second knife sliced open the sack tied to the first.</p>
<p>Inside was an irritant poison. While it didn’t do any damage, it scattered into the Black Orc’s eyes, causing it to collapse in pain. It didn’t count as a status condition either, so its Resist Status Lv 4 did nothing. Clutching its eye with one hand, it swung at me with the other. Its fist plowed through the adventurers’ cart, reducing it to woodchips in an instant.</p>
<p>“You’re never gonna hit me swinging wildly!”</p>
<p>In order to dodge the randomly flailing arm, I moved over to the orc’s other side where it couldn’t reach me. I had only been aiming at its legs so far, but now I could aim at its top half as well. I moved over to its flank and drove both the tips of the Challenger’s Blade of Adversity into a wound on its side before driving them apart. The Orc’s red flesh spilled out from beneath its black skin.</p>
<p><em>“Braaaaaghhh?!”</em></p>
<p>“Minnalis!!”</p>
<p>“Yes, Master!!” She tossed me a poison-coated knife, and I jammed it into the open wound.</p>
<p><em>“Brrruuuaaaaaaaarrrrgggghhhh!!”</em></p>
<p>The Black Orc gave a loud cry of pain and pulled the knife from its side.</p>
<p>“You said its status resistance was high, but I didn’t expect it to be this tolerant. I was quite proud of that paralysis poison, too…,” muttered Minnalis.</p>
<p>“No, I think it is affecting it, just a little bit.”</p>
<p>The Black Orc’s movements were noticeably slower after removing the knife. Checking its status, I saw that it now had another condition of “Paralyzed (S).” Its HP had decreased to 200, as well.</p>
<p>“All right, time to finish it off…”</p>
<p>“Witness the terrible shout of the wind spirits! <em>Lightning!!</em>”</p>
<p>A peal of thunder interrupted my thoughts. Right where I was about to step, a bolt of green lightning split the air in two.</p>
<p><em>“Brooaaaaaghhh!”</em></p>
<p>“Wha—?!”</p>
<p>The sudden spell caught me off guard. The wind spell finished off the Black Orc’s remaining HP in an instant, and it ended its life with a final wail of pain.</p>
<p>“This spell…is that woman’s…”</p>
<p>“Master, look over there, and prepare to conceal your <em>emotions</em>.”</p>
<p>At Minnalis’s words, I knew my guess had been correct. She’d already activated her Iron Mask skill.</p>
<p>“Are you two all right? I came to help!”</p>
<p>I slowly turned my head and looked down the road ahead of us. Although I knew what was coming, I hadn’t had enough time to mentally prepare, so for a split second, the shock was visible on my face.</p>
<p>“Ahhh, I never expected to see <em>you</em> before I got to Elmia,” I muttered, fighting back the grin trying to show itself on my face.</p>
<p>At last, number one.</p>
<p>I’ve come back from death to see you again…</p>
<p>…Eumis Elmia the Spellcaster.</p>
<p>Where should I begin? There’s so much I want to say to you. So much I want to <em>do</em> to you.</p>
<p>But one thing is certain.</p>
<p>I want to see you sink deep into eternal torment, where darkness reigns supreme.</p>
<p class="space-break1">Try as I might, I just couldn’t stop the corners of my lips curling upward into a smirk.</p>
<p class="space-break2">“I’m so sorry. I heard there was a Black Orc and hurried over as fast as I could… I didn’t realize you’d nearly defeated it already.”</p>
<p>There, ducking her head apologetically while she spoke in a slow, gentle tone, was a young woman clad in a well-tailored mage robe, holding a wooden staff clearly rich in mana. Her hair was a dark green, yet somehow bright, like fresh leaves. On the right side of her head was a wooden hairpin shaped like a flower, and on the other side, a long tuft of hair fell past her shoulder. Her hair glimmered in the half-risen sun, beautiful and fleeting.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>