<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Hero Laughs While Walking the Path of Vengeance a Second Time</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter029">
<p>“No… What… No… Eumis… Eumis?!”</p>
<p>She threw me into the cell in the back. The kitty doll fell from my hand and tumbled onto the floor. I turned to see her slam the metal door shut with a <em>clang</em>.</p>
<p>In that cell with me were those two mysterious undead.</p>
<p>“Eek…!!”</p>
<p>If I looked closely, I could make out their general form. They were like people with no arms or legs. Like the others, these ones had dark, slimy skin, and protrusions where a human would have breasts. On the part most like a head they had no hair, and on their faces there were simply two holes instead of a nose, and a lipless, toothy mouth.</p>
<p>But unlike the others with their hellish groans, these two made no sound at all. They simply watched me through eyeless sockets and crawled slowly closer.</p>
<p>“No…no…”</p>
<p>The previous times I’d encountered the undead I’d had my magic at my side, but now, I had no means to protect myself.</p>
<p>“N-no! Stay away from me! Let me out, Eumis! Let me out!!” I rattled the rusted iron bars of the cell and screamed out in panic at my sister. But all she did was stand there, her smile unbroken.</p>
<p>“Shuria. You always told me you wanted to see a spirit stone.”</p>
<p>“Huh? E-Eumis?”</p>
<p>Eumis produced something from her pocket wrapped tightly in cloth. She unwrapped it, and inside was a dark purple stone.</p>
<p>“Th-that mana…it’s the same as in my room…”</p>
<p>“Oh, you can tell? Your Scarlet Eyes must really come in handy.”</p>
<p>Somehow, my sister’s usual smile seemed much wider than normal.</p>
<p>“You should be happy, Shuria. You’ve always wanted to meet a spirit, haven’t you? He’s a bit different, but he is still a spirit, technically.”</p>
<p><em>“My, my, how rude. It’s been such a long time since I was last summoned, and this is how you treat me?”</em></p>
<p>A voice came out of nowhere, and mana began to erupt from the stone in Eumis’s hand. The same as that emitted by the magic circle in my room, only so thick that even people without my ability would be able to see it. An indescribable color of magic whirled, and a form began to take shape.</p>
<p>“…A demon…”</p>
<p>The figure had a mouth bursting with pointed teeth, a pair of tightly curled goat horns atop his head, wings of jet-black bone and crimson webbing, and ash-black skin, rugged and hard like stone.</p>
<p>Of all the forms demons took in all the writings, this one was the most popular. The <em>Great Demon</em>.</p>
<p>While it was indeed a spirit, it was in some ways different. The counterpart to an angel.</p>
<p>“Ah… Uh… Ah…”</p>
<p>What was happening? I could barely make sense of what I was seeing.</p>
<p>“Oh? It was you who told me not to lump you in with the other spirits, was it not?”</p>
<p><em>“Heh-heh-heh. I can’t stand to be treated the same as those bores.”</em></p>
<p>He cackled. It was like a high voice and a low voice all mixed together, and it grated against my ears.</p>
<p><em>“So this kid’s the final sacrifice, is she? Not every day you get to drink elf blood! Hee-hee-hee!”</em></p>
<p>“N-no… Huh?!”</p>
<p>A long, purple tongue extended from the demon’s mouth, dripping with spit. His cross-shaped eyes rattled in their sockets.</p>
<p>“Eumis! Save me! I’m sorry if I did something bad, just make it stop, please!!”</p>
<p>“Oh my, no. You didn’t do anything bad, not at all.”</p>
<p>She reached her tender hand toward me and softly stroked my cheek.</p>
<p>“This was planned from the start. It’s not your fault.”</p>
<p>“Huh…?”</p>
<p>“I agreed to hand over your life and soul as part of the conditions for activating the magic circle. He wanted a soul freshly filled with happiness, he said. Isn’t that selfish of him?”</p>
<p><em>“Oh, but I disagree, madam. I am not selfish, I’m a</em> gourmand<em>.”</em></p>
<p>In the flickering light of the candle flame, Eumis’s familiar smile looked twisted and warped.</p>
<p>“You demons just say whatever you like. Wasn’t it ‘quantity over quality’ before? That’s why we had to destroy her entire village.”</p>
<p><em>“Well, that’s just the mood I was in at the time. When there’s a lot you don’t really care about how they taste. A high-class meal is all well and good, but sometimes you just want to pig out on cheap souls drenched in terror. What is it you humans call it? Ah, yes, ‘junk food.’”</em></p>
<p>“What…are you…talking about…?”</p>
<p>I didn’t understand. I didn’t understand their words. I didn’t understand their actions.</p>
<p>“Well, you know about demons, don’t you?” asked Eumis. “They grant you your wishes, but at a high price. He wanted fifty living souls, so I gave him your village. As for the leftovers, I brought them here. Look, can’t you see they’re welcoming you?”</p>
<p>“Huh?! No…that’s not…”</p>
<p>When the meaning of her words finally dawned on me, I looked around at the faces in the room. They looked like nothing born of this earth. They couldn’t have been humans at all.</p>
<p>And yet, looking beyond their signature undead mana, I could sense traces of a kind of magic that seemed not unfamiliar to me.</p>
<p>“Huh? That’s old man Jass. And that one’s Ymir! No… That means…they really are…”</p>
<p>My vision darkened. My ears rang. I felt like I was hearing everything twice.</p>
<p>“Oh wow, you really can tell them apart. Those Scarlet Eyes are going to come in handy. Now then, kill her without damaging the body, as we agreed. You may consume the soul, but everything else belongs to me, and I still have a use for her.”</p>
<p>My head was spinning. I reached out my arms, but all I could do was rattle the bars of the iron cage.</p>
<p>“Aaah… Wait…wait! Eumis! Eumiiis!!” I cried, but she turned and walked away, her heels clacking against the stone floor, without once looking back.</p>
<p>Then it was just me and the demon left in that underground prison.</p>
<p><em>“Ha-ha-ha, I can’t believe you’d still cling to that woman after all she’s done to you. Still, she is an interesting one, that Eumis. She wasn’t put off at all when I devoured her fellow humans before her. Most people at least pale a little, even if they think themselves fit for the role, you know? What a shame she was born as a human and not a demon! Hee-hee-hee!”</em></p>
<p>“You… You’re lying. Eumis would never do that! …That’s right! Mother and Shelmie never mentioned any of this in their letters!”</p>
<p><em>“Huh? Ahhh, I guess that’s true. But only because I didn’t order them to.”</em></p>
<p>“…Huh?”</p>
<p><em>What did he just say?</em></p>
<p><em>“Take a closer look at those two undead over there. You can tell, can’t you?”</em></p>
<p>It wasn’t possible. It couldn’t be true.</p>
<p>Because there was nothing I had done to deserve this…</p>
<p>“Aaah… Aaahhh… Aaaaaaaaaahhhh!!”</p>
<p><em>“See? Haven’t you missed them? Aww, what a lovely scene.”</em></p>
<p class="space-break1"><em>“You finally got to see your old mom and sister again.”</em></p>
<p class="space-break1">As soon as those words reached my ears, my world cracked in half.</p>
<p>“Nooooooooooooo!!”</p>
<p><em>“Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!! The smell of despair, as sweet as perfume!”</em></p>
<p>The mana was faint, but unmistakable. I had seen it every day, in my own home. It belonged to my family.</p>
<p><em>“Here, since I’m so nice, I’ll let ’em talk to you!”</em></p>
<p>The demon waved his hand, sending his mana into Mother and Shelmie.</p>
<p>“A… Kah…”</p>
<p>“Keh… Grh…”</p>
<p>“Hrh!! Ah…ahhh…ahhh…”</p>
<p>The stiff, clumsy movements of their jaws and the clattering of their teeth eventually settled into the voices I had heard just the other day.</p>
<p class="space-break1">“Shuria, are you well?”</p>
<p>“Have you been well, sister?”</p>
<p class="space-break1">They spoke smoothly, like puppets.</p>
<p>“Stop…please, stop…”</p>
<p>The demon’s rough laughter was harsh in my ears. He guffawed as though he were having the time of his life.</p>
<p><em>“Oh, you must love them ever so much if you can still recognize them. Eee-hee-hee! Isn’t it nice you got to see each other again?”</em></p>
<p>“This can’t be real. It can’t… Am I a sinner…? Why is this happening to me…?”</p>
<p><em>“It’s real. Real as you and I, princess. If anyone is a sinner, it’s that sister of yours. Now ain’t she a stinker? It’s her who did this to your mom and sister, you know. Ain’t got nothing to do with me. She’s a real piece of work, that one! Eee-hee-hee-hee! She’s even more devilish than I am!”</em></p>
<p>My legs buckled out from under me, and I hit the ground. I couldn’t even feel the tears on my cheeks anymore.</p>
<p>“…Really.”</p>
<p>Everything was topsy-turvy to how I remembered it. The world I thought was made of cotton wool was now a monstrous snare of barbs seeking to entangle and tear me apart.</p>
<p><em>It was all a lie…from the very beginning. That smile, that kindness. Drinking tea together, discussing books, our outing today, all of it. It was all a lie.</em></p>
<p>“Ha…ha-ha… What a farce.”</p>
<p>How stupid I’d been. I’d thought of her as my sister, while she slaughtered my village and strung me along all this time. She did this to my family, while I sat in that room for three years straight and gave her my power, telling myself it was all to pay her back.</p>
<p><em>“Oh? Feeling down? Feeling sad, are we?”</em></p>
<p>“Gr!! Shut up! O ball of raging flame: <em>Fireball!</em> …Oh.”</p>
<p>My mana leaked feebly out of me without giving form to the spell I wanted.</p>
<p>“Ah… Aaahhh… I can’t even cast such a simple spell anymore.”</p>
<p>There really was not a single drop of magical ability left in me. There was nothing I could do to the demon before me.</p>
<p>“Hee-hee… Ha-ha! Ha-ha-ha-ha!”</p>
<p>It was like a joke. It was so amusing, I couldn’t help it. Bone-dry laughter spilled out of me alongside the tears.</p>
<p><em>“Hee-hee-hee! Yes, your soul is turning out quite nicely!”</em></p>
<p>I watched out of the corner of my warped vision as the demon slowly began to unfurl his wings.</p>
<p>“…Why?”</p>
<p>Why did things turn out this way?</p>
<p>How did it come to this?</p>
<p>Just a little while ago, I was the happiest girl in the world. Now, those memories were like needles in my skin.</p>
<p><em>“Very good. I love a soul seasoned with a bit of grief.”</em></p>
<p>“No more. I don’t want to see any more, I don’t want to hear any more.”</p>
<p><em>“Yes, you’ll do very nicely. Hee-hee-hee! Time to sink my teeth in!”</em></p>
<p>Even as the color drained from the world, I still saw the twisted smile of the demon. He reached his arms toward me to take my life.</p>
<p>After that, it would all be over. I waited for that moment to come…</p>
<p>…But at the last second, I moved out of the way.</p>
<p><em>“Hmm? What’s this? Still reluctant, are we?”</em></p>
<p>“…I can’t do it. I can’t die yet, I just can’t… I’ll kill her. She’ll pay for this! I will have my revenge against her!”</p>
<p><em>“Good, very good. Now you’re talking. You’ll taste much better after you’ve put up a fight!!”</em></p>
<p>I wanted to live. I couldn’t die, couldn’t let it be over yet. Even if I had to crawl through the mud, I wouldn’t give up. I wanted to kill her, make her suffer, so much I could bear it no longer.</p>
<p>I would destroy her and everything she held dear. If anyone tried to help her, I’d destroy them, too.</p>
<p>“…Stay away from me, demon!!”</p>
<p><em>“Oh, you wound me, my dear. Boo-hoo.”</em></p>
<p>The detestable fiend before me grinned. If he was going to help her, then so be it.</p>
<p>I’d tear her limb from limb, burn her, bite her, drown her, strangle her.</p>
<p>I just wanted her dead. No, I had to be the one to do it. Be the one to drag her down into a cage of darkness, a darkness unventured by even a single ray of hope.</p>
<p>I scraped up the pebbles by my feet and threw them at him, and when those ran out, I threw sand.</p>
<p>I hated him. I loathed them all! I hated every single thing that put me in this position!</p>
<p>And yet, no matter how hard I rebelled, my unjust end drew closer.</p>
<p>“Grh! Urgh! Ah…!!”</p>
<p>The demon grabbed me by the hair and licked his lips maliciously. He was strong. I couldn’t escape.</p>
<p><em>“Oh, don’t worry. I’m not going to leave a mark. I’m just going to stop your heart with my demon poison. It’ll only take a second. It won’t hurt, honest.”</em></p>
<p>“Y-you…monster! I’ll kill you! I swear I will!”</p>
<p>I clawed at his hand with my fingernails, but he didn’t react. I wasn’t even sure if he felt the pain.</p>
<p><em>“Ha-ha-ha! How long has it been since I sampled such a delectable soul? Don’t worry, you shan’t be lonely, I’ll send the other two after you to keep you company!”</em></p>
<p>“Hrh?! No…stop!!”</p>
<p><em>“Demon Absorb.”</em></p>
<p>The devil stretched his arm out toward mother and Shelmie. He seemed to mutter something, then the bodies underwent what could only be described as an explosion, scattering red human blood all over the place. Then, they dissolved into a black mist and were sucked into his open jaws.</p>
<p>“You…you fiend! How dare you! How dare you!”</p>
<p><em>“Oh? You’re rather feisty all of a sudden. Is it the shock?”</em></p>
<p>He cackled before me.</p>
<p><em>“There’s no need to be afraid. Soon you’ll all be together again…inside my belly!”</em></p>
<p>The tears ran down my cheeks again, tears of anger and frustration.</p>
<p><em>Why? How?</em></p>
<p>They were the only words that came to mind, and I screamed them so hard I thought my throat would tear.</p>
<p>Why were all these bad things happening to me when I hadn’t done anything wrong?</p>
<p>“This is too much… It can’t end like this…”</p>
<p>I was sure that it wouldn’t end with my death, too. She would go on to abuse my body long after, just like she did to Shelmie and Mother. That was what angered me the most.</p>
<p>Where did I go wrong?</p>
<p>When did it all unravel?</p>
<p>Who betrayed me?</p>
<p><em>“Now then, sit still. It’s dinnertime! Eee-hee-hee-hee!!”</em></p>
<p>I saw in his twisted smile the face of my sister.</p>
<p class="space-break1"><em>“Are you Shuria? Nice to meet you. My name is Eumis. I’m your big sister.”</em></p>
<p class="space-break1">It was the face she’d made when we first met.</p>
<p><em>Oh, if only I could go back to that day…</em></p>
<p class="space-break1">“…I’d kill her. I’d kill her for sure.”</p>
<p class="space-break1">“Dear lord. I had no idea we were <em>this</em> similar. It makes me feel sick.”</p>
<p>“Huh…?”</p>
<p>As the iron door of the jail was blasted off its hinges, I heard a familiar voice. It crashed to the ground and a young man strode into the room, with pitch-black hair and opal eyes.</p>
<p>However, he wasn’t made of mana this time, but flesh, like a human.</p>
<p>“Kaito…?”</p>
<p>I almost didn’t expect him to respond to that name, but the human spoke.</p>
<p>“Hey. Good to see you again, Shuria. Told you we would, didn’t I?”</p>
<p><em>“What’s this? Don’t you know it’s rude to barge in without knocking? Who are you?”</em></p>
<p>At the demon’s question, the man spun around to face him.</p>
<p>“Who am I? Good question. I’d love to say something like, ‘If I told you that I’d have to kill you,’ but unfortunately I’m here on official business today.”</p>
<p>In his hand, he held an azure blade. Two red cords fell from the hilt, adorned with orange cotton wool balls.</p>
<p>“I’ve come a long way, you know, to kill the woman who summoned you.”</p>
<p>A dark, almost heroic grin spread across Kaito’s lips. He pointed the tip of his sword at the demon.</p>
<p>“…I’m the stupid Revenant, okay?”</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>