<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Hero Laughs While Walking the Path of Vengeance a Second Time</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="copyright">
<h1 class="copyright-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-copyright">Copyright</a></h1>
<p class="copyright-space">The Hero Laughs While Walking the Path of Vengeance a Second Time, Vol. 2</p>
<p class="copyright-space"><strong>NERO KIZUKA</strong></p>
<p class="copyright-space"><strong>TRANSLATION BY JAKE HUMPHREY • COVER ART BY SINSORA</strong></p>
<p class="copyright-space">This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">NIDOME NO YUSHA WA FUKUSYU NO MICHI O WARAI AYUMU Vol. 2</p>
<p class="copyright">YUMEGURUI NO MAJUTSUSHI</p>
<p class="copyright">©Kizuka Nero 2016</p>
<p class="copyright">First published in Japan in 2016 by KADOKAWA CORPORATION, Tokyo.</p>
<p class="copyright">English translation rights arranged with KADOKAWA CORPORATION, Tokyo, through TUTTLE-MORI AGENCY, INC., Tokyo.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">English translation © 2022 by Yen Press, LLC</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Yen Press, LLC supports the right to free expression and the value of copyright. The purpose of copyright is to encourage writers and artists to produce the creative works that enrich our culture.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book without permission is a theft of the author’s intellectual property. If you would like permission to use material from the book (other than for review purposes), please contact the publisher. Thank you for your support of the author’s rights.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Yen On</p>
<p class="copyright">150 W 30th Street, 19th Floor</p>
<p class="copyright">New York, NY 10001</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Visit us at <a href="http://yenpress.com">yenpress.com</a> • <a href="http://facebook.com/yenpress">facebook.com/yenpress</a> • <a href="http://twitter.com/yenpress">twitter.com/yenpress</a> • <a href="http://yenpress.tumblr.com">yenpress.tumblr.com</a> • <a href="http://instagram.com/yenpress">instagram.com/yenpress</a></p>
<p class="copyright-space">First Yen On Edition: May 2022</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Yen On is an imprint of Yen Press, LLC.</p>
<p class="copyright">The Yen On name and logo are trademarks of Yen Press, LLC.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">The publisher is not responsible for websites (or their content) that are not owned by the publisher.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data</p>
<p class="copyright1">Names: Kizuka, Nero, author. | Sinsora, illustrator. | Humphrey, Jake, translator.</p>
<p class="copyright1">Title: The hero laughs while walking the path of vengeance a second time / Nero Kizuka ; illustration by Sinsora ; translation by Jake Humphrey.</p>
<p class="copyright1">Other titles: Nidome no yusha wa fukushuu no michi wo warai ayumu. English</p>
<p class="copyright1">Description: First Yen On edition. | New York, NY : Yen On, 2021.</p>
<p class="copyright1">Identifiers: LCCN 2021038196 | ISBN 9781975323707 (v. 1 ; trade paperback) | ISBN 9781975323721 (v. 2 ; trade paperback)</p>
<p class="copyright1">Subjects: LCGFT: Fantasy fiction. | Light novels.</p>
<p class="copyright1">Classification: LCC PL872.5.I97 N5313 2021 | DDC 895.63/6—dc23</p>
<p class="copyright1">LC record available at https://lccn.loc.gov/2021038196</p>
<p class="copyright-space">ISBNs: 978-1-9753-2372-1 (paperback)</p>
<p class="copyright">978-1-9753-2373-8 (ebook)</p>
<p class="copyright-space">E3-20220325-JV-NF-ORI</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>