<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 13</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Hello everyone, this is Yuri Kitayama. Thank you for picking up <em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 13 - Two Amethysts</em>.</p>

      <p>How did you like volume 13? Did the ending keep you on the edge of your seat?! Surely Rio and Aishia can do something about it, right?! At any rate, if you find that you’re curious about the continuation, then there’s nothing that would make me happier.</p>

      <p>There are more suspenseful developments diligently being worked on in volume 14, so please look forward to the release! Now, there are some announcements I’d like to make by using this space!</p>

      <p>First, <em>Seirei Gensouki</em>’s second drama CD edition release has been decided for volume 14! Thanks to everyone’s support, the first drama CD (released with volume 12) has sold enough to receive additional printing and make the second CD a reality. In response to everyone’s passionate requests, the second CD will have characters that didn’t make it into the first CD, so please look forward to the announcement of further details and the release date!</p>

      <p>Next, the <em>Seirei Gensouki</em> series has now reached 750,000 sales! This was the first time I had heard the specific numbers as well, so I was surprised to hear we’re approaching the 1,000,000 mark! This is all thanks to the favor everyone has shown to this series, so I’d like to use this space to offer my gratitude. Thank you very much!</p>

      <p>Now, I believe the only way I can repay this debt is by continuing to write an interesting story. That being said, in order to continue writing commercially, the work needs to make great progress, so from now on I’ll be working hard towards the goal of 1,000,000 sales and an anime! And so, I ask for everyone to continue supporting <em>Seirei Gensouki</em> in the future as well.</p>

      <p>Finally, volume 1 of <em>Seirei Gensouki</em>’s exclusive shop was a great success, so a powered-up volume 2 has been decided! This time it’ll be open in Tokyo, Osaka, and Nagoya! For more details, please check Melon Books and HJ Bunko’s homepage, as well as my Twitter or official website!</p>

      <p>I’ll wrap things up here now. Let’s meet again in volume 14!<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="signature">Early March 2019</p>

      <p class="signature">Yuri Kitayama</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>