<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 13</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>The next morning, Rio and Celia were guided by Marquess Rodan, boarding a carriage that took them to a nearby mansion. They were surrounded by guards and escorts, and were even accompanied by Christina, Flora, and Vanessa.</p>

      <p>They stepped down from the carriage at the entrance gates to the estate.</p>

      <p>“This is the best property out of those that can be moved into immediately. My apologies for the trouble, but I shall show you around from here on foot. Please, come this way,” Marquess Rodan said, leading the way through the gate.</p>

      <p>At the end of the road extending from the entrance of the grounds to the mansion on the hill was a palace slightly too extravagant for a lone noble to live in. The surrounding gardens were well-maintained and blooming with natural beauty.</p>

      <p><em>The mansion is on a hill. There’s one gate to enter the grounds. It seems to have been designed to be difficult to break in, at least. The view around the grounds is also open, and a barrier spell should be able to detect any intruders at night.</em></p>

      <p>Rio cautiously surveyed the suitability of the location as he followed Marquess Rodan.</p>

      <p>“Most of the nobility affiliated with the Restoration have land in Rodania now. New mansions are being built, but the lack of land is a bit of an issue. That’s why this estate is also on the narrower side, but I believe it stands out in other ways,” Marquess Rodan explained as he led the party up the path to the mansion.</p>

      <p><em>From a security perspective, even this is too big... But it’s still within a tolerable range for a location. There’s also the need to keep up appearances as a noble, so all that’s left is whether Celia takes a liking to it.</em></p>

      <p>While Rio was thinking, they arrived at the front door.</p>

      <p>Marquess Rodan showed them around the interior of the mansion as well. It had a living space for the servants, plenty of rooms for a family, and had an interior design aesthetic that clearly cost a lot of money.</p>

      <p>With Christina involved in the transfer of property, Marquess Rodan couldn’t risk his reputation by offering a cheap mansion. His claim that it was one of the better properties in the domain was probably true.</p>

      <p>“What do you think, Haruto?” Celia asked after looking around most of the mansion.</p>

      <p>“I think it’s good. But I want to prioritize your opinion, Celia, since you’ll be the one living here.”</p>

      <p>There was no doubt they had been introduced to a good property, and he wasn’t going to be picky when it was being offered for free.</p>

      <p>“If you’re fine with it, then I am too. In fact, I think this mansion is wonderful—there aren’t many nobles who can have such a nice estate other than the domain lord,” Celia commented in awe.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha, I’m glad to hear that from you, Celia. What is your opinion, Your Highness?” Marquess Rodan turned to Christina happily.</p>

      <p>“If the two of them are fine with it, then I have no objections.” Christina shook her head while looking at Rio and Celia. She wanted to give more as a reward, but she wasn’t going to insist if the people in question were happy with it.</p>

      <p>“I see. In that case, this property shall be transferred to Sir Amakawa. Can this decision be considered finalized, then?” Marquess Rodan checked one last time.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Thank you for all that you’ve done.” Rio bowed deeply.</p>

      <p>After that, an agreement was made and all paperwork completed within the day, including the contract and title deed.</p>

      <p>Furthermore, the written request that Rio had handed to Christina and the Restoration—mostly concerning Celia’s treatment and safety—was also accepted and signed as a written oath with confidentiality.</p>

      <p>The estate had a basic set of furniture within it, so it was decided that Celia would move in tomorrow before they called it a day.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Two days later, Celia had started living in Rio’s estate, and at her insistence, it was decided that he’d stay in the mansion for the duration that he was in Rodania as well.</p>

      <p>Rio worried that it wasn’t proper for a man to stay overnight with an unmarried noblewoman, but Celia had managed to convince him that it was okay.</p>

      <p>Today, Rio had invited Kouta and Rei to the estate. Things had been so busy between capturing Charles and arriving in Rodania, he hadn’t really had a chance to talk to them properly, so he wanted to see them before he left again. After preparing tea and snacks, he and Celia made their way to where they were waiting in the drawing room.</p>

      <p>“Help yourselves,” Rio said.</p>

      <p>“Why, thank you.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much.”</p>

      <p>Both Rei and Kouta were oddly stiff as they reached for the cups.</p>

      <p>“Are... Are you two nervous, by any chance?” Celia asked curiously.</p>

      <p>“Ah, well, it’s just... It’s a really impressive mansion.” Rei scratched at his head as he answered.</p>

      <p>“It made us realize that you two are nobles too...” Kouta added.</p>

      <p>“Well, you two are friends of the hero Rui too, right? In this world, that alone is enough to give you a certain amount of social status,” Rio pointed out.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, but we’re not with him anymore... So now we’re just regular people...”</p>

      <p>“Kouta wants to become an independent man that can stand on his own two feet, without borrowing Rui’s power. Just like Haruto.”</p>

      <p>“R-Rei!” Kouta’s face turned red after being outed.</p>

      <p>“I see... Though I can’t say if I’m the best role model, I think that’s a wonderful attitude to have. I’m rooting for you,” Rio commended Kouta a little bashfully.</p>

      <p>“Indeed,” Celia agreed with a grin.</p>

      <p>“No, you’re definitely the best... Or rather, you’re so amazing, it’s a little unrealistic of a goal,” Kouta praised Rio.</p>

      <p>“That I can agree with,” Rei said with a firm nod.</p>

      <p>“Not at all. The two of you are older than me anyway.” Rio shrank back.</p>

      <p>“That’s what’s strange, though. For some reason, it just feels like you’re older than us. Maybe it’s because the first impression we had of you fighting was so strong? You’re still 16, right?” Rei asked.</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“Are you really just 16?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I should be...” Since he had memories of his past life, Rio hesitated just a little. However, while he was heavily influenced by the memories of Amakawa Haruto, the base of his personality was still the boy that was born and raised in this world.</p>

      <p>It was why he had stronger recognition being 16 years old. Not that he paid much awareness to his age at all outside of situations like this...</p>

      <p>“Rei, asking too many questions about that is rude,” Kouta warned.</p>

      <p>“R-Right. Well, okay. That aside, I’d like to ask you for a favor—as one man to another... And to Celia as well. Can you give us some advice?” Rei asked.</p>

      <p>“Advice about what?”</p>

      <p>“About our future.”</p>

      <p>“I see. I’d be happy to listen to your thoughts.”</p>

      <p>Rui had asked him to keep an eye out for them as well, so Rio agreed readily.</p>

      <p>“The truth is, Kouta and I are thinking about going down different paths from now on.”</p>

      <p>“Really?” Rio had assumed they would continue to stick together, so this was a little unexpected.</p>

      <p>“Well, I don’t have any particular goal at the moment, so I think I’ll still stick with my underclassman for now. But the things we want are different, you could say,” Kouta revealed with a slightly embarrassed blush.</p>

      <p>“By which you mean...?”</p>

      <p>“Well, I’ll start... Umm, I’m thinking of becoming an adventurer,” Kouta said with a slightly stiff look.</p>

      <p>“An adventurer...” Rio looked slightly conflicted.</p>

      <p>“If it’s possible, could you tell me your opinion on that, Haruto?”</p>

      <p>“It isn’t an easy job... is what I would say. Many of the jobs involve putting your life in danger, the pay is unstable, and your body is your tool of trade, so you’ll lose all income if you fall ill. People tend to assume it’s a quick way of getting rich, but only a select few make fortunes from it. Are you aware what kind of work is involved with being an adventurer?” Rio asked.</p>

      <p>“Of course. There’s things like physical labor in the city, herb gathering outside the city, vanquishing monsters, and sometimes fighting as a mercenary,” Kouta confirmed with a completely serious look.</p>

      <p>“If you were thinking of becoming one on a whim, I would have advised you against it, but...”</p>

      <p>“I’m definitely not making light of the job.”</p>

      <p>“So it seems... May I ask the reason why you want to do this?” Rio asked, feeling the strong conviction behind Kouta’s gaze.</p>

      <p>“I want to learn the harshness of reality. I still know nothing about this world right now, but I have to be able to live in it. I don’t want to be protected by someone else my entire life. That’s why I want to know more about this world. Someday, I’d like to travel to all different kinds of lands.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t think that way of thinking is wrong... But if you’re going to become an adventurer, I believe it would be best for you to receive combat training first. To be honest, your current level of ability would leave me worried,” Rio pointed out rather harshly. During their journey, he had taught Kouta and Rei a little bit about swinging a sword, but they were both complete beginners.</p>

      <p>“I know. That’s why I’ll be taking combat lessons with Vanessa and the other knights, thanks to Princess Christina’s kindness. In the meantime, I plan on basing my activities around Amande while taking those lessons and picking safe jobs to begin with.” Kouta seemed to have placed proper thought into where he was lacking.</p>

      <p>“I see... You have it all planned out. In that case, any other warnings I give you will just be needless meddling.”</p>

      <p>“No, that’s not true. If you think it won’t work out like this, then that means I’m still too naive.”</p>

      <p>“You think too highly of me... I wish I could be of more help to you, but I plan on going on a journey in the near future. I can be a sparring partner for you anytime before then, though, so just say the word if you need one.”</p>

      <p>“N-No, I’d just lose in an instant if I fought with you in my current state... But I’d love to ask you for a match once I’m able to hold my own a little. Please knock me down from my high horse when I need it,” Kouta said.</p>

      <p>“I understand. In that case, gladly,” Rio nodded generously. Meanwhile, Celia, who had been listening silently, seemed to be happy that Rio had made a friend his age and was watching cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“Okay. You’re next, Rei,” Kouta directed.</p>

      <p>“Right... Ahem. Umm, I’m thinking of joining the Restoration and aiming to become a real sorcerer. I’ve heard that it’s difficult for commoners to learn magic and sorcery, and... Umm...” Rei cleared his throat a little nervously before speaking of his future plans. However, he became slightly shy towards the end and struggled for words.</p>

      <p>“Rei fell in love with a noblewoman in the Restoration, so he wants to become a sorcerer for her sake,” Kouta revealed on his behalf.</p>

      <p>“W-We haven’t decided to date officially yet, though!” Rei corrected in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“Really...?” Rio said.</p>

      <p>“W-When did that happen...?”</p>

      <p>Rio and Celia were even more surprised at this than the news of Kouta wanting to become an adventurer.</p>

      <p>“The truth is, things have been going well with this girl I met at the party the first day we came to Rodania...” Rei confessed bashfully.</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>In all probability, that was likely a part of the Restoration’s recruitment activities. Rio and Celia immediately suspected that, but this wasn’t exactly a rare case for noble society either. Kouta had probably been recruited as well, but if he was choosing the path of an adventurer, it probably wasn’t a very tempting invitation.</p>

      <p>While the problem lay in Rei’s lack of understanding about noble society, seeing his blissful face as he spoke made it more difficult to say that it was a problem.</p>

      <p>“But the thing is, I don’t know much about dating girls of nobility. In fact, it’s my first time dating a girl at all. As nobles and senior figures, I was hoping to get some advice from you two about this,” Rei said, bowing his head at Rio and Celia.</p>

      <p>“But...” Rio and Celia looked at each other, frowning.</p>

      <p>“Now, now. You two are lovers, aren’t you? You can just tell me, like, how you started dating and stuff. How often are you meant to send gifts? What kind of gifts? Anything like that would be a great help.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...?” There were so many things to correct in what Rei was saying, Rio’s reaction was delayed.</p>

      <p>After a pause, Celia yelled with a blush on her face. “H-Huh?! L-Lovers?! Ri— Haruto and I?!” She was so shaken, she nearly called Rio by his real name.</p>

      <p>“Yes?” Rei nodded.</p>

      <p>“I-Is that how we look to you?” Celia asked nervously.</p>

      <p>“Yes? You look like a perfectly happy couple living together.”</p>

      <p>Rei looked at Celia with pure eyes as though to say, “What about it?”</p>

      <p>“I-I see...” Celia ducked her head with a bright red face. Meanwhile, Rio looked awkward.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Am I wrong?” Rei finally realized the other possibility.</p>

      <p>“Yes. We don’t have that kind of relationship...” Rio nodded with a frown.</p>

      <p>“W-What?!”</p>

      <p>This time, Rei and Kouta were the ones in shock. What they saw of Rio and Celia’s intimacy had made them assume they were lovers with certainty. It was almost like they were a married couple.</p>

      <p>“And I’m sorry to say this, Rei, but I have no experience with dating either...”</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re telling me such a perfect man has never had a girlfriend before...? I... I suddenly feel like I can relate to you a lot more.” Rei looked at Rio with sparkling eyes.</p>

      <p>“No, well... Also, I only became a noble recently, so I think Celia would be more knowledgeable in this topic than me.” At a complete loss, Rio finally sought help from Celia.</p>

      <p>“I-I haven’t dated anyone before either! T-Though I <em>did</em> have an engagement forced upon me!” Celia protested with a bright red face.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>One week later...</p>

      <p>“Then as discussed, I’ll be heading to Amande now,” Rio said to Celia after dinner.</p>

      <p>“Okay. Have a safe trip. Can I say that...?” Celia asked, watching Rio’s face.</p>

      <p>“Yes, of course.”</p>

      <p>Celia suddenly grinned bashfully. “...Just to let you know, I’ve found a job. A new academy was recently established for the children of the Restoration nobility. For now, I’ll be working as an instructor there while I continue my research. I might even visit the Galarc Kingdom’s Royal Academy sometime,” she reported, possibly to hide her embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Congratulations. I knew you wouldn’t have any problem finding work, but I’m still a little relieved. I envy the students who get to sit in on your lectures.”</p>

      <p>“Ahaha. There’s nothing I can teach you anymore.” Celia laughed shyly, a distant look in her eyes.</p>

      <p>“That’s not true. I’m still learning things from you, just like I did in the past,” Rio also said with a distant look.</p>

      <p>Celia smiled fleetingly. “Hey, Rio... Do you still remember that time you came to visit me in my room before you left the Beltrum Kingdom?” she said with slight embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I remember.”</p>

      <p>“Our goodbyes were sad back then, but that’s not the case this time. Right?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. This time I can proudly show my face to you.”</p>

      <p>“You’ll stop by every once in a while, right?”</p>

      <p>“Of course. I promise. No matter where I go on this continent, I’ll come see you,” Rio said clearly, nodding.</p>

      <p>“Huh...? Ah, umm... Yeah.” Celia blushed faintly and nodded in embarrassment. Then, with a high-pitched voice, she added a little over-eagerly: “T-That’s fine, but what I wanted to say was that we should have a positive farewell! So let’s redo it this time. I don’t want to make it a sad memory like last time... This time we’ll be bright and positive!”</p>

      <p>“Redo it? Like last time?” Rio cocked his head at Celia’s words, not quite getting the point.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yup. When we said goodbye, you... You hugged me, right? That’s why... Come on, stand up for a bit,” Celia said shyly, standing up and approaching Rio.</p>

      <p>“Umm... Okay.” Rio stood up, slightly confused.</p>

      <p>“S-Stay still like that.” Celia nervously buried her face in Rio’s chest, then softly entrusted her body to Rio.</p>

      <p><em>Redoing that day... So this is what she meant. I did hug her like this before leaving Beltrum back then. It wasn’t a very happy memory, so I guess she wants to overwrite that.</em></p>

      <p>Rio smiled happily and gently wrapped his arms around Celia. Once he did, Celia squeezed Rio a bit more.</p>

      <p>Celia’s warmth was the same as that day, making his heart feel at ease.</p>

      <p>“You really have gotten a lot bigger since back then,” Celia looked up at Rio and grinned.</p>

      <p>“It feels like you’ve gotten even smaller.”</p>

      <p>Celia pouted at Rio’s teasing laugh. “Geez... You’re just a giant.”</p>

      <p>“We probably won’t be able to say goodbye like this in front of other people, so I’ll say it now even if it’s a bit early. Rio... Have a good safe trip. Take care,” Celia said peacefully, sending Rio off with those words.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I’ll see you later.” Rio also smiled peacefully and nodded. His goodbye with Celia became a warm memory engraved in Rio’s mind.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>