<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 13</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>Magic-sealing shackles? Ngh...</em> Christina frowned.</p>

      <p>“If you still want to make a racket, we’ll peel off one of your little sister’s darling nails,” the man behind her said.</p>

      <p>“Oww...” Flora made a noise of pain.</p>

      <p>“Stop that!” Christina said in a panic.</p>

      <p>“Hmm? What did you say?” the man behind her asked innocently.</p>

      <p>“If you have to tear off a nail, then take mine. I won’t struggle anymore,” Christina replied weakly.</p>

      <p>“Haha. How courageous. Our boss would definitely like you.” The man laughed mockingly behind Christina.</p>

      <p>“What is your goal? If it’s abduction, then I should be enough...”</p>

      <p><em>So don’t touch Flora</em>, was what Christina left unsaid.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Which means the second princess is useless, so there’s no reason to keep her alive.”</p>

      <p>“Wait. If you’re going to kill someone, then kill me...” Christina begged in a fluster.</p>

      <p>Flora joined the conversation in a similar panic. “Y-You can’t! If one of us has to die, then I’ll—!”</p>

      <p>“Heh! Bwahaha! Rest assured, if we were out to kill either one of you we would have done so already. We simply received a request to gather as many obstacles as possible. We needed the both of you to begin with—everything else was just a little payback for hitting us with magic.”</p>

      <p>The man restraining Christina burst into laughter. Just how spiteful was he?</p>

      <p>“Ugh, how disgusting...” Christina bit down her lip.</p>

      <p>“It’s a relief to see the two of you have such love for each other. Do keep that up once you get to the other side.”</p>

      <p>“Are you taking us somewhere?”</p>

      <p>“Just to a certain kingdom. However, our plans are rather packed. There’s no telling what’ll happen to you after you’re sent to the designated location. Well, then—let’s send you on your way. I’m sure someone has taken note of the commotion by now. Come over here.”</p>

      <p>The man yanked Christina by the arm and strangely dragged her not to the door, but towards Flora in the corner of the room.</p>

      <p>“Aah...!”</p>

      <p>Christina was shoved at Flora, making her let out a small shriek.</p>

      <p>“Christina.” Flora hugged her older sister tightly. Meanwhile, the men were pointing their swords at them so they wouldn’t move.</p>

      <p>“What’s the meaning of this...? Weren’t you taking us somewhere?”</p>

      <p>Were they going to kill them both after all? After their nasty exchange earlier, it was more than possible. Christina felt uneasy at the sense of impending danger.</p>

      <p>“Yes, we will. But, as I just said, our plans are a little packed, so there’s no telling what happens after you’re sent to the designated location. In other words, this,” the man said, taking out a red essence crystal from inside his robe. Then, he threw it at Christina and Flora and recited the spell for teleportation sorcery.</p>

      <p>“<em>Instans Motus</em>.”</p>

      <p>Immediately following, the space around the essence crystal warped.</p>

      <p>“Huh...?”</p>

      <p>They had no idea what had just happened. With blank looks on their faces, Christina and Flora instantly vanished on the spot.</p>

      <p>“Let’s be on our way before Reiss starts doubting us as well. <em>Instans Motus</em>,” the man said, taking out another red crystal. He then recited the spell and the three of them vanished together.</p>

      <p>“Hey! What was that noise?!”</p>

      <p>Having shut himself in a nearby room with Roanna, Hiroaki heard the commotion and showed up immediately afterwards.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>In the central northeast of the Strahl region was a small kingdom named Paladia. In a forest on the west side of this kingdom stood Christina and Flora, their dresses clearly unfit for their surroundings. They both looked around nervously at the gloomy forest, Flora stepping closer to her older sister in fear. They were on an enchanted airship just moments ago, so why were they in the forest?</p>

      <p>There was no sign of anyone nearby. There was only the sound of the greenery being rustled by the wind, and the cries of wild animals far in the distance.</p>

      <p>It was almost like they were dreaming. However, this was no dream: the metal collar around Christina’s neck was indication of that.</p>

      <p>“...Where are we?” Christina placed a hand against the collar and mumbled in a daze, looking around at the forest.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>