<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 13</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Christina pursed her lips in displeasure. The one who had ordered her out of the castle was none other than her father himself.</p>

      <p>What order had that father given Alfred? What was this discrepancy between the man that joined the search party to capture Christina and the explanation that Alfred just gave? She suspected there was a particular aim at play here.</p>

      <p>“May I ask for your opinion, Sir Amakawa, as the one who actually crossed swords with him? Where do Alfred’s true intentions lie? Do you think this man’s words can be trusted?” Christina took a small breath and questioned Rio imploringly. Alfred wasn’t the type of man to lie easily. Christina knew that better than Rio would, but she still sought Rio’s opinion.</p>

      <p>“I cannot imagine his words to be a fabrication. However...”</p>

      <p>“Do you have other concerns?”</p>

      <p>“I suppose you could call it an odd feeling? I can’t explain it well, but looking back on it now, it seemed like there was hesitation to Alfred’s actions.”</p>

      <p>“Hesitation?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. If he was truly trying to capture Your Highness, I believe he would have been able to settle things much faster. Charles and Reiss were aware of our combat strength beforehand, so they set up an ambush after splitting our forces. In other words, if he captured Princess Christina before Sara’s group or I could come running, he would have obtained a hostage and settled things immediately. However, from what I heard from Orphia afterwards, he didn’t seem too interested in battling, and it seemed like he was holding back.”</p>

      <p>That’s why something felt odd. Alfred hadn’t devoted himself completely to capturing Christina.</p>

      <p>Even if it hadn’t been Christina, the situation would have changed if he had taken a single hostage, so it was hard to imagine his true intention was to capture her.</p>

      <p>Although, by the time Rio crossed swords with him, he had been trying to settle things at the fastest speed without holding back, so there wasn’t any hesitation to be felt from him...</p>

      <p>“Is it possible that Alfred was trying to carry out the order from His majesty from the position he was placed in? He needed to act like he was following Charles’ orders in order to protect his target, but doing so would increase Her Highness’ chance of escape, so he could only act so leniently without Charles noticing. Perhaps I’m overthinking things...”</p>

      <p>If that were true, it was a rather clumsy attempt.</p>

      <p>However, once Rio spoke that far, Alfred’s expression twitched. Christina stared at his face closely so that she wouldn’t miss any change in expression.</p>

      <p>“Which is it, Alfred?”</p>

      <p>“No... I...” Alfred averted his eyes awkwardly, struggling for words. Silence fell across the room.</p>

      <p>“That’s quite the guilt-ridden look,” Christina eventually pointed out uneasily.</p>

      <p>“I am already your prisoner. I am prepared to take whatever punishment that befalls me.”</p>

      <p>Alfred bowed his head like he was offering his neck.</p>

      <p>“Are you seeking judgment from me, perhaps?”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>“Enough. I will put aside your punishment for now. Put up with being a prisoner for the time being,” Christina said with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“Understood.” Alfred nodded, bowing his head.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>The morning after arriving in Amande...</p>

      <p>The night before, Rio and the others had stayed at Liselotte’s estate. Today, Sara, Orphia, and Alma would be leaving separately in order to return to Miharu and act as her guard.</p>

      <p>“We’ll be going now, then.”</p>

      <p>Sara and the others offered their farewells in front of the estate. They were seen off by not only Rio and Celia, but Christina, Vanessa, Kouta, and Rei, who had traveled with them. Furthermore, Liselotte, Flora, Duke Huguenot, and Roanna were present as well.</p>

      <p>Having received a house arrest order at his scolding the day prior, Hiroaki wasn’t present.</p>

      <p>“Thank you so much for everything. If it weren’t for Sir Amakawa and you all, we would have been captured in Cleia for sure,” Christina said in parting on behalf of the others.</p>

      <p>“Not at all. I don’t mean to belittle how we feel with such an oft-used phrase, but I wish you good fortune in your future endeavors.” Sara also answered on behalf of Orphia and Alma.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, truly... I didn’t think we’d be parting so soon,” Celia said sadly, her eyes filled with tears.</p>

      <p>“Please don’t be upset. We may just pop up all of the sudden somewhere,” Sara said.</p>

      <p>“Yup. I want to go visit you again too,” said Celia.</p>

      <p>Orphia chimed in. “Let’s meet up again sometime, for sure.”</p>

      <p>“I’m looking forward to it,” Alma added.</p>

      <p>“Yup!” Celia nodded happily.</p>

      <p><em>Such a shame... I would have loved to welcome them in Rodania and invite them to our cause. However, that Miharu they mentioned is something else—with Sir Amakawa included, not even royalty would have this many capable figures as their guard. I’ve heard the Aishia girl is also on another level... Just what is going on with his surroundings? </em>Duke Huguenot thought, looking at Rio. Not only did he have miraculously powerful abilities himself, but he was surrounded by other brilliant people. He was like a treasury of exceptional personnel.</p>

      <p>By making an enemy out of Rio alone, one would be making an enemy of Satsuki, Liselotte, and even the Galarc King at worst—a terrifying thought. And now Christina was also included in that group.</p>

      <p><em>Perhaps the incident with Sir Hiroaki turned out for the best.</em></p>

      <p>If Hiroaki had gone too far with his envy, he could have caused an even more problematic situation. Though that meant Christina’s foresight was on the mark...</p>

      <p><em>At any rate, he drove away 5,000 soldiers—this is a fact. His fame will only grow exponentially from here. I need to find a way to tie him to the Restoration, </em>Duke Huguenot decided.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>After seeing Sara and the others off, it was Rio’s group’s turn to depart. They were to head to Rodania from here via the Restoration’s enchanted ship. Their farewells were said in the garden of Liselotte’s estate, just like when Sara’s group left.</p>

      <p>“I will come pay a visit on a later date, then. Thank you for handling the matter involving Satsuki,” Rio said to Liselotte.</p>

      <p>“No problem. I’m sure His Majesty will give a favorable answer once he hears of your services. Please look forward to it,” Liselotte said with a giggle.</p>

      <p>“I will be hopeful.” Rio accepted her words as flattery. However, Francois would come to rate this incident much more highly than Rio was imagining.</p>

      <p>“See you again, Aria. I was so happy to speak to you again.” Celia also wrapped up her goodbyes with her old friend.</p>

      <p>“Same here. I was relieved to see you were safe. Let’s talk again if you have the chance to visit Amande.”</p>

      <p>“Yup. I may be visiting the estate again for a dinner party in the future, so on that occasion.”</p>

      <p>“I cannot wait,” Aria smiled gently at Celia and nodded. A short distance away, Aria’s colleagues—including Cosette and Natalie—watched on.</p>

      <p>“So Aria actually had friends outside of work.”</p>

      <p>“Right? I thought work was her friend.”</p>

      <p>Surprised at the glimpse of a face she didn’t normally show, the attendants whispered amongst themselves curiously.</p>

      <p>“I can hear you, you know,” Aria said coldly.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>That afternoon, Rio and the others finally arrived in Rodania. After landing on the giant lake beside the fortress city, they sailed towards the harbor.</p>

      <p>The crew swiftly prepared for them to get off the ship, and they finally disembarked. First went the royal siblings, Christina and Flora, escorted by Vanessa across the ramp connecting to the harbor.</p>

      <p>They were followed by Rio, a hooded Celia hiding her face, Kouta and Rei, then Duke Huguenot, Roanna, and Hiroaki. Celia was hiding her face with a hood because Charles was still unaware that she was traveling together with them. Charles was to disembark after them and it wouldn’t be good if he realized Celia was here and made a commotion on his way to the prison, so they decided to hide her face for the time being.</p>

      <p>An enchanted ship had been sent in advance to send word of Christina’s arrival, so the high-ranked nobles of the Restoration were all lined in a row in the harbor. When they spotted Christina behind Vanessa, they all placed their hand over their chests and bowed their heads in a show of respect.</p>

      <p>“Whoa...”</p>

      <p>“That’s incredible.”</p>

      <p>Kouta and Rei were overwhelmed by that sight. The princess was the one being shown respect, but it gave them the illusion that they had become important people too. Hiroaki must have been shown this respect since he arrived in this world as a hero, so his arrogance suddenly made sense. Though he was rather quiet for the time being...</p>

      <p>It had been difficult to tell during Kouta and Rei’s travels on the run, but it was at this moment they were reminded that Christina was truly a princess.</p>

      <p>Then, from the mass of nobles that had gathered to greet them, one man in remarkably fancier clothes than the rest stepped forward. It was the Rodan marquess.</p>

      <p>“Welcome, Princess Christina,” he said in greeting, stepping out in front of the others.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the reception,” Christina said as she looked around at her surroundings.</p>

      <p>Donned in a spare dress borrowed from Flora, she was beautiful and orderly, giving off the imposing sense of royalty. She wasn’t particularly lavishing her charms about, but the younger male nobles were all captivated by her beauty.</p>

      <p>“I am unworthy of such words. We have all waited for this day with every fiber of our being. According to the reports, we’ve heard that Your Highness has taken captive Charles, the right-hand man of our archenemy Duke Arbor, and Sir Alfred Emarle, the King’s Sword. How splendid indeed!” Marquess Rodan praised Christina while beaming.</p>

      <p>“The capture of Charles and Alfred was the work of Sir Amakawa. Make sure you give him the warm welcome of a state guest.”</p>

      <p>“As you wish,” Marquess Rodan bowed. “Now... We can’t have Your Majesty standing around speaking for any longer. Let us move locations. I must also prepare for your welcome.”</p>

      <p>“Yes. But first, can I entrust the transport of the prisoners to you?”</p>

      <p>Christina turned to face the enchanted ship behind her. Alfred and Charles appeared at the top of the ramp, restrained in cuffs.</p>

      <p>“Ooh...”</p>

      <p>The nobles all stirred noisily at that sight. The two of them were well-known figures in Beltrum—Alfred being the strongest knight of the kingdom. They were aware of this from the advance notice they received, but seeing the actual prisoners was still surprising.</p>

      <p>Alfred ignored the gazes, standing with dignity.</p>

      <p>“Guh...” Charles averted his eyes, humiliation on his face.</p>

      <p>“Lead them away,” Duke Huguenot sneered, ordering the knight leading them by the chains connected to their cuffs.</p>

      <p>“Yes, Sir!”</p>

      <p>The knights pulled them down the ramp by the chains. They then led them elsewhere while under the eyes of the public.</p>

      <p>After observing that, Rio and the others also began to walk.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Afterwards, Rio and the others relocated to the guest house beside Marquess Rodan’s home. A small party could be held in one room. It was still afternoon, but after taking into consideration their fatigue from traveling, it was decided the welcome party would be held without waiting for the night hours.</p>

      <p>The attendants were kept to the minimum, participation restricted to a select few nobles chosen by Duke Huguenot and Marquess Rodan. However, even then there were over a hundred nobles in the venue, as well as chefs, maids, and musicians, so the venue was bustling with people. The format of the party was that of a stand-up buffet, so people were constantly moving and holding conversations all over the room.</p>

      <p>At the very back of the venue were Christina, Flora, and Celia, as well as Duke Huguenot and Marquess Rodan. Incidentally, Hiroaki’s absence from the feast had been explained as him feeling unwell, and Roanna was keeping him company.</p>

      <p>“However, I never imagined Your Highness would be accompanied by Lady Celia. And with her fiance Charles Arbor in tow!” Marquess Rodan said with a curious look in his eye.</p>

      <p>The events of her rescue were explained to him as they had been to Duke Huguenot, but he was understandably intrigued by the circumstances.</p>

      <p>“Professor Celia is too good to be married to a man like that,” Christina said.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha! Indeed, Lady Celia is a genius far better than he deserves.” Marquess Rodan laughed heartily, but the strong-willed curiosity in his eyes didn’t fade.</p>

      <p>“We cannot inconvenience Count Claire who is still affiliated with the main government, so Professor Celia’s affiliation with us shall be kept as secret as possible for the time being. It may be difficult to hide internally, but it could also interfere with the investigations—ensure that no word of this reaches Charles’ ears,” Christina warned.</p>

      <p>There were probably spies among them, so Christina didn’t think they could prevent word of Celia’s presence in the Restoration from reaching the main government, but whether that fact was announced publicly or not changed the circumstances. Besides, with Charles as a hostage, nothing would happen to Count Claire.</p>

      <p>“I am aware. You can count on it,” Marquess Rodan agreed.</p>

      <p>“Everyone present here has received an explanation and shares the same understanding. Sir Amakawa’s great efforts have also been widespread, making him the center of attention,” Duke Huguenot said, looking at Rio, who was surrounded by young noblewomen a short distance away.</p>

      <p><em>You were the one who tempted the ladies towards him, and you have the nerve to say that?</em> Christina thought with a small sigh. Banquets like this were a place for nobles to meet new people, so as long as the inconvenience caused no real harm, not even she could make direct criticism.</p>

      <p>However, the seductive techniques of such ladies would probably have little effect on him, as he was normally surrounded by young women like Celia and Sara. In fact, Rio was responding in a friendly manner, but seemed a little uncomfortable. It wasn’t just Christina’s imagination.</p>

      <p>“Hmph...” Celia puffed up her cheeks in a slight pout.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, elsewhere at the party venue, Kouta and Rei were reaching for the extravagant dishes on the tables.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, the food’s good. But there’s still a discrepancy here, Kouta,” Rei said, watching Rio be surrounded by women.</p>

      <p>“Well... It’s only natural for Haruto to be popular. He’s as cool as Rui; he’s strong and as high-ranking as a noble.” He was perfect with no faults, Kouta explained.</p>

      <p>“Stop it. You’re just making us seem more pitiful.”</p>

      <p>“You started it...”</p>

      <p>“Anyway, we’ve followed them all the way here, but what do we do now? Princess Christina said she’d look after our living necessities if we stay here, but... Ooh, this meat is good.” Rei stuffed his cheeks with a steak that had been neatly sliced on a plate.</p>

      <p>“Talk or eat. Pick one...” Kouta said tiredly.</p>

      <p>“We’re finally able to eat a warm meal, and I don’t wanna let it get cold. So, what do we do? If they’ll let us live here then we’ll be okay for now, at least.”</p>

      <p>“If we’re going to live here, then I’d like to have some kind of job, personally. I don’t just want to be looked after, I want to be able to stand independently,” Kouta said with a hint of ardor.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. You’ve grown, Kouta,” Rei said earnestly. He believed Kouta wouldn’t have been able to sound so reliable if he were still bothered by Rui and Akane’s relationship.</p>

      <p>“Don’t make fun of me. What do you want to do, then?” Kouta turned away in embarrassment and asked Rei.</p>

      <p>“What do I want? I... want to live an easy life,” Rei said honestly.</p>

      <p>“The words of a useless human...”</p>

      <p>“Rude. Everyone thinks like that at least a little. Anyway... With all this, I could probably keep living here. The food’s good, and I’m getting full.”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>Indeed, living here would be the safe option. However, Kouta wanted to be able to face Rui again proudly, so he wanted to be a better person. Would that be fulfilled by living a carefree life here? He wondered to himself.</p>

      <p>“Unrelated, but don’t you find that these buffet style meals tend to fill you up faster than normal? How strange.” Rei exhaled, placing his plate down on a nearby table.</p>

      <p>“No, I’m pretty sure you ate a lot... You probably didn’t notice because you were trying all kinds of dishes a little at a time,” Kouta answered in exasperation.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me, do the two of you have a moment?” someone called out to them. It was a group that consisted of two middle-aged men and two pretty girls that appeared to be their daughters.</p>

      <p>“Ah, yes. What is it?” Rei straightened his posture reflexively.</p>

      <p>“Oh, we just wanted to talk to you two. I am the baron Dirk Dandy, and this is baron Gilbert Belmond. A relative of mine.”</p>

      <p>“Erm, I’m Rei Saiki. This is my underclassman, Kouta Murakumo. It’s nice to meet you.”</p>

      <p>Rei returned the greeting in the Strahl way awkwardly.</p>

      <p>Behind him, Kouta bowed his head nervously. “Nice to meet you,” he added.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha, there’s no need to be so stiff. That’s right—allow me to introduce our daughters. Go on,” Baron Dandy said in a friendly manner, turning to their daughters. The two pretty girls standing behind them stepped forward.</p>

      <p>“My name is Rosa Dandy.”</p>

      <p>“I’m Mikaela Belmond.”</p>

      <p>Rosa and Mikaela both bowed their heads gracefully. The two of them were slightly younger than Rei and Kouta, with pretty facial features. They exuded an air of modesty and elegance.</p>

      <p>“It’s nice to meet you two. You can call me Rei.” Rei’s expression tightened sharply, his voice taking on a prominent tone as he bowed in a gentlemanly manner. However, the unfortunate destiny of all men drew his gaze towards the open chest of her dress. Especially towards Rosa, whose breasts swelled at a size slightly disproportionate for her age.</p>

      <p><em>Oooh! Kouta! Our time has finally come!</em></p>

      <p>With his head still bowed down, Rei glanced over at Kouta with glee.</p>

      <p><em>Rei, stop being an embarrassment. Really.</em></p>

      <p>Ashamed by Rei’s sudden change in attitude, Kouta’s face twitched as he tried his best to maintain a smile on his face. However, Rosa and Mikaela giggled, finding their attitude amusing.</p>

      <p>“Pleased to make your acquaintance, Sir Rei. Feel free to call us by our first names as well,” Rosa suggested.</p>

      <p>“Gladly, Miss Rosa, Miss Mikaela,” Rei nodded calmly.</p>

      <p>“Is it okay to refer to you by your first name as well?” Mikaela asked Kouta.</p>

      <p>“Ah, sure. I don’t mind...” Kouta agreed a little nervously.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. It’s very nice to meet you, Sir Kouta.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, same here...” Kouta’s breath was taken away by Mikaela cheerfully addressing him.</p>

      <p>After that, lively conversation unfolded between them for a while. As expected of nobility, the barons and their daughters were masterful in the art of conversation, easing Rei into becoming more talkative and Kouta into relaxing. Rosa naturally drew closer to Rei while Mikaela approached Kouta.</p>

      <p>“Are you sure you should be talking to us? To be honest, we’re not all that important,” Rei suddenly asked, as though the thought just came to mind.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha, that isn’t the case at all. You seemed to be engrossed in the food earlier, so it was difficult to call out to you. We were waiting for a chance to approach this entire time,” Baron Dandy said with a gentle smile.</p>

      <p>“I-I see... Well this is embarrassing.” Rei accepted those words with a bashful look. Indeed, he had immediately moved to the food when the banquet started. It seemed his own actions were what prevented the nobles from speaking to them. Kouta’s face also reddened in realization.</p>

      <p>“However, it’s also true that the people you accompanied were a little too extravagant. There was Her Highness, Princess Christina, Count Clare’s daughter, Lady Celia, and even the Galarc Kingdom’s honorary knight, Sir Amakawa,” Baron Dandy said, looking around at the area where the aforementioned people were.</p>

      <p>“Will you not be going to greet Her Highness and the others?” Kouta asked.</p>

      <p>“Though we are nobles, we are merely at the bottom rung of the ladder. We cannot speak to those higher ranked than us so easily. These events may make it seem like we’re just having pleasant chats with each other, but there’s a proper sequence and etiquette involved in these conversations.” Baron Belmond humbled himself and answered with a strained smile.</p>

      <p>That being said, a bottom-tier noble wouldn’t have been invited by Duke Huguenot and Marquess Rodan to this event. Both Baron Dandy and Baron Belmond were low-ranked nobles, but they had climbed up to a fixed position and were given permission to participate today.</p>

      <p>“I see... That must be difficult.” Kouta was reminded of just how suffocating noble society was.</p>

      <p>“At least we aren’t nobles, then. You can feel free to talk to us as a break from it all,” Rei said jokingly.</p>

      <p>“You are so funny,” Rosa giggled.</p>

      <p>“It seems like the two of you are enjoying yourselves.”</p>

      <p>Just then, Duke Huguenot and Marquess Rodan made their way over. It was the entrance of the two great nobles that the Restoration boasted in.</p>

      <p>“G-Good day.”</p>

      <p>“All thanks to you.”</p>

      <p>Kouta and Rei both greeted them politely. The barons also bowed their heads in a show of respect.</p>

      <p>“Oh, you can all be at ease. This isn’t a formal party, after all. Come to think of it, I have yet to introduce myself to the two of you directly. My apologies for the delay, I am George Rodan. Pleased to make your acquaintance.” Marquess Rodan introduced himself to Kouta and Rei with a friendly smile.</p>

      <p>“We were the ones who were late to introduce ourselves. I apologize for being rude. My name is Rei Saiki,” Rei said immediately.</p>

      <p>“I’m Kouta Murakumo. It’s nice to meet you,” Kouta added quickly.</p>

      <p>“Mhmm. It’s an honor to meet the two who were summoned alongside the great hero.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. I’ve heard the two of them are also quite talented.”</p>

      <p>Marquess Rodan and Duke Huguenot immediately complimented Kouta and Rei.</p>

      <p>“Not at all. We’re just the bonus dregs that were summoned along with the hero,” Rei shook his head modestly.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha, there’s no need to be so humble. I’ve heard that the two of you were highly educated where you came from,” Marquess Rodan said.</p>

      <p>“Ah, well... It’s no big deal...”</p>

      <p>Rei and Kouta exchanged frowns. The two of them knew they were nothing more than regular high school students in Japan.</p>

      <p>Compulsory education didn’t exist in this world, so they indeed had a little more knowledge compared to the boys and girls here, but that was because the bar was low when it came to their surroundings, and not because they were superior. They were aware of this.</p>

      <p>Besides, they had met plenty of people from this world that were smarter than them—they had even traveled with them.</p>

      <p>“They’re plentiful in magic essence and are blessed with talent as sorcerers too, George,” Duke Huguenot said to Marquess Rodan casually.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that’s wonderful!” Marquess Rodan’s admiration was almost exaggerated.</p>

      <p>“We’ve heard that we have lots of essence, but we haven’t gotten much training in magic,” said Kouta. All they could use was the enchantment for physical ability, <em>Augendae Corporis</em>, as well as some lower-class attack spells.</p>

      <p>“If I may say this for your own good—if you have a talent, you should try to develop it. There’ll be plenty of opportunities for the two of you in the future.”</p>

      <p>“Mhmm. The two of them seem too humble for their own good. However, we should refrain from placing too much pressure on the youth. Please enjoy the party today. You may meet someone wonderful, you know?” Marquess Rodan echoed Duke Huguenot’s sentiments and laughed jokingly as he looked at Rosa and Mikaela.</p>

      <p>“Haha, we’ve already met some wonderful people,” Rei replied enthusiastically, lured into glancing over at Rosa.</p>

      <p><em>Rei really gets full of himself as soon as a cute girl pays him any attention</em>.</p>

      <p>This was nothing new, but Kouta sighed at the appearance of his upperclassman’s old habit.</p>

      <p>Marquess Rodan was smiling, a sharp light flickering in his eyes for a moment. “Oh, that is quite fortuitous then. If there’s a lady that catches your eye, you should move boldly and swoop in. Though you may find yourself up against rivals and fiances,” he said with a suppressed smile, stirring a sense of panic in Rei.</p>

      <p>“True, the competition must be fierce for beautiful people. Like Miss Rosa and Miss Mikaela.” Swept along in Marquess Rodan’s topic, Rei turned to Rosa and Mikaela.</p>

      <p>The one who answered wasn’t Rosa, but her father, Baron Dandy. “I may sound like a doting parent, but as they are both very capable women, they’ve received many proposals. But we’ve yet to find a partner for her that meets all of our ideal conditions. As a loving parent, I only want to find the best marriage partner for my beloved daughter, you see...” he said somberly.</p>

      <p>When a baron’s daughter married a noble of higher status, she would normally end up as a concubine or second wife of a senile older noble. For nobles with a strong desire to rise in status, they would generally aim to receive added value in marriage with their first wife. Of course, the opposite also applied. Even if the current heads had reached a fixed position, Baron Dandy and Baron Belmond’s houses were the same.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Of course. They’re lovely, after all. Which means it would be out of the question for me to offer myself as Miss Rosa’s partner. Ah, how unfortunate,” Rei nodded deeply, putting on a show of exaggerated disappointment. His experiences up until this point had taught him not to have a single drop of expectation for being popular, but perhaps this could be his chance. It would be a lie to say he wasn’t somewhat hopeful right now.</p>

      <p>If anything, Rei had never had such a lively conversation with girls as pretty as them in his life. To be honest, Rosa’s appearance was totally his type.</p>

      <p>But at the end of the day, she was probably acting friendly to him because of the social etiquette of nobility. Assuming that was the case, Rei had accepted that this connection would end after they parted ways today, but...</p>

      <p>“Hahaha, perhaps it’s a little hasty of you to say that. What do you think, Rosa? You heard Sir Rei.” Baron Dandy laughed heartily and turned to Rosa.</p>

      <p>“I’m honored. Sir Rei is a very interesting gentleman,” Rosa replied, not displeased at all.</p>

      <p>“Hmm?”</p>

      <p>What did that mean? He had expected to be brushed off lightly, so the unexpected answer made Rei cock his head.</p>

      <p>“Oh? In that case, how about this. Sir Rei, would you like to meet my daughter privately on a later day? The two of you should get to know each other better first.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...? Uh, sure... Wait, what?” Rei nodded, dumbfounded, at Baron Dandy’s question.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? Is this... a promise for a date? Could this be my chance?! </em>Rei belatedly processed the situation.</p>

      <p>“I shall look forward to it, Sir Rei.” Rosa bowed cutely, embarrassed but happy.</p>

      <p>“No, umm... I’m the one looking forward to it, Miss Rosa,” Rei replied, his voice cracking.</p>

      <p><em>S-Seriously?! My time has come! </em>He rejoiced in his heart. Meanwhile...</p>

      <p>“Ugh...” Kouta sighed quietly in exasperation.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>The party ended in the evening hours. Rio and Celia would stay in the guest house and were each led to their respective rooms. However, Celia immediately made her way to Rio’s room, as she had something she wanted to discuss.</p>

      <p>“I’ll pour some tea. Please sit over there, Celia.” Rio walked over to the kitchenette and began his preparations to welcome Celia as his guest. They were both told the maids of the guest house could be summoned into their rooms to help out, but they were capable of looking after themselves, so there was no need for that.</p>

      <p>After Rio promptly finished preparing the tea, he sat down across from Celia, who had seated herself on the sofa.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. I’m sorry to intrude upon you when you must be tired from the long journey and welcome party.”</p>

      <p>Rio smiled warmly to reassure her. “It’s fine, I’m not tired. Are you sure you’re not the one that’s tired, Celia? You’re not used to long journeys and it’s been a while since you’ve attended a party like that, right?”</p>

      <p>“I am a bit tired, but there were many familiar faces at the party. It was fresh and fun seeing them again after such a long time. Though it was a little bit mentally tiring as well,” Celia smiled softly and shrugged.</p>

      <p>“That’s good, then. We weren’t able to talk much during the welcome party, so I was worried.”</p>

      <p>Rio had been hounded by nobles from beginning to end, so he hadn’t been able to move freely at all. Celia had been in a similar situation.</p>

      <p>“You were surrounded by girls the entire time, after all...” Celia said, watching Rio for his reaction. She must have been watching Rio carefully during the party as well.</p>

      <p>“Yes, but I couldn’t take my eyes off of you out of worry,” Rio replied with a somewhat lonely smile.</p>

      <p>“Huh? O-Oh. I see. Ahaha.”</p>

      <p>Celia was taken aback, her voice rising an octave. She couldn’t look directly at Rio out of embarrassment. She had wanted to ask if he was proposed to, but that thought had completely vanished from her head now.</p>

      <p>“T-That aside, Aishia’s still in spirit form, right? It’s just us here, so you should have her come out,” Celia said hastily, changing the topic in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“All right.”</p>

      <p>Particles of light gathered beside Rio and took the form of Aishia. She proceeded to flop down in the seat beside him. Celia puffed up her cheeks a little, but the thought of only being able to see these two like this for a little longer made her want them to stay like this forever. She swallowed her words and corrected her posture. “Umm, I know it’s a little late to be saying this, but I—I’m going to officially join the Restoration as Princess Christina’s advisor.”</p>

      <p>“Okay,” Rio said gently, as though he already knew this.</p>

      <p>“I know... I know I’ve caused you, Sara, Orphia, and Alma lots of trouble... I’m sorry for that.” Celia hung her head.</p>

      <p>Rio shook his head slowly. “There’s nothing for you to apologize for.”</p>

      <p>“You are too kind...”</p>

      <p>“Not at all.” Rio nodded happily.</p>

      <p>“I have nothing to my name right now, so I can’t do anything but thank you... But I’ll definitely repay you for this one day,” Celia vowed, firmly expressing her intentions.</p>

      <p>“I don’t really mind... Oh, that’s right. I forgot I had to give you this. <em>Dissolvo</em>.” Rio recited the spell to discharge the Time-Space Cache. The space above the table warped, and a small pouch packed to the brim appeared.</p>

      <p>“What’s inside of it?” Celia wondered, tilting her head.</p>

      <p>“Travel funds Count Claire entrusted to me before we left Cleia. There’s one enchanted gold coin, and around 200 regular gold coins.”</p>

      <p>“F-From father...? He gave you this much? Even an enchanted gold?” Celia’s eyes widened in shock. Enchanted gold coins were rare coins said to have the value of 100 gold coins. When combined with the 200 gold coins, it was a large sum of money even for nobility.</p>

      <p>“Please take it,” Rio said, placing the pouch before Celia.</p>

      <p>“I can’t. You keep this, Rio. No matter how you look at it, this sum includes your reward. I’m sure Father said the same, didn’t he?” Celia shook her head and pushed the pouch packed with coins back towards Rio.</p>

      <p>“Did he? I can’t quite seem to recall. I accepted it in the name of travel expenses, but... At any rate, I have no need for this money. It originally belonged to your father, and you’ll need it to pay for various things for a while, right? You should just accept it and use it.”</p>

      <p>In reality, Rio had received it with the agreement that the excess from their travel fees would be his reward, and quite a few extra golds had been added because of that, but Rio pretended not to know anything about it.</p>

      <p><em>I’m definitely going to confirm this with Father the next time we meet!</em></p>

      <p>Celia glared at Rio for a long moment. “Fine, I’ll borrow it then. But I’m definitely going to return it.” She accepted the money with a slight pout.</p>

      <p>Rio nodded in satisfaction. “Good. Also, there’s one more thing.” He held his index finger up.</p>

      <p>“What is it...?” Celia looked a little wary.</p>

      <p>“I’m receiving an estate in Rodania as a reward for the incident this time. But I have no intention of living here, so would you like to stay there in my stead?” Rio said.</p>

      <p>“Y-Your home...?” Celia was speechless. She had considered renting a house for a while, but she hadn’t expected to have a whole estate handed to her.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Out of formalities, the ownership will have to be handed to me, but after that I can transfer it to you. I’ll be shown around the potential properties tomorrow, so once all the paperwork is done I’ll hand all the papers to you—”</p>

      <p>“W-Wait! Hold a minute! You can’t do that!” Celia interrupted Rio’s words in a fluster. “You can leave everything in your name, and store all the papers yourself. Please!” she protested.</p>

      <p>“But even if I own a mansion, I won’t be able to manage it myself.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll manage it. I have a job lined up, so I’ll use the money I earn to pay rent as well. The mansion is something you’re receiving for your achievements, right? I cannot accept that,” Celia insisted.</p>

      <p>“I don’t need any rent, though...”</p>

      <p>“No. It’s a form of distinction for you, so let me pay for it properly,” Celia shook her head decisively.</p>

      <p>“All right... If you insist.”</p>

      <p>“Good. Once you’re done with all the paperwork, let’s write up a formal contract. Sometime before you leave.”</p>

      <p><em>Before I leave. </em>He felt somewhat saddened by those words.</p>

      <p>“Yes, let’s do that...” Rio agreed with a soft tone to his voice.</p>

      <p>“Where will you go after this?” Celia asked.</p>

      <p>“I’m thinking of heading to the Proxia Empire,” Rio replied in a stiff voice.</p>

      <p>“The Proxia Empire... Is that because of Reiss? Or because you’re looking for the person who killed your mother?” Celia pried fearfully.</p>

      <p>“Both, I suppose... There’s no mistaking the two of them have something to do with one another, so I’m hoping to track down either one of them.”</p>

      <p>If Reiss was the Proxia Empire’s ambassador, there was a chance he would have to sneak into the imperial castle—which he fully intended on doing.</p>

      <p>“What will you do about the others...?”</p>

      <p>“I will go to the Proxia Empire alone. I’m thinking of leaving the stone house beside Rodania, so you may be able to meet everyone if you wanted to. Aishia will continue to protect you in her spirit form from here on out as well.”</p>

      <p>“Really...?” Celia looked at Aishia.</p>

      <p>“Yup. That way Haruto can travel at ease too.” Aishia nodded slowly.</p>

      <p>“Right. But before I leave again, we still have that meal planned at Liselotte’s estate. I plan on heading to Amande sometime soon to adjust the date with her.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Then I can meet Miharu and Latifa again.”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“I’m looking forward to it,” Celia beamed.</p>

      <p>“There’s one more thing I’d like to give you,” Rio added.</p>

      <p>“Huh...?” Celia frowned warily.</p>

      <p>Funds for her near future had been prepared for her, a house had been prepared for her, and she even had Aishia as her guard for a while. What else would he give her on top of all that?</p>

      <p>“There’s no need to be so on guard. With Aishia here to defend you, we have to address the issue of essence supply. This is an item to resolve that,” Rio said, placing a metal bracelet on the table. The amount of magic essence consumed while in spirit form was trivial and could be naturally recovered by absorbing the essence in the air, but spirits took up a lot more energy when in their material form.</p>

      <p>“What’s this...?”</p>

      <p>“A magic artifact that uses a spirit stone. Spirit stones are able to store magic essence, so if Aishia ever has to materialize, this should supply her with enough magic essence. I know you have an extraordinary amount of essence for a human and you can form a temporary path with Aishia to resupply her, but it still isn’t quite enough to use Aishia in her material form.”</p>

      <p>In order to cause the supernatural phenomenon of manifesting a spiritual existence, there had to be a significant amount of magic essence consumed in the process. That essence consumption increased exponentially when using spirit arts in combat.</p>

      <p>“That’s true... But how much magic essence is stored in this item, then?” Celia asked nervously.</p>

      <p>“Who knows? By my rough estimate, it should be enough to fire advanced magic several hundred times, I think? So it should be able to withstand Aishia fighting seriously if needed.”</p>

      <p>“S-Several hundred shots of advanced magic?! Wait, wait! This is an artifact, right? It must have had an original purpose when not being used as an emergency measure, right?” Celia asked in shock.</p>

      <p>“Well, I suppose you could say that. The original purpose of this artifact was to amplify the output force of the spirit arts and magic spells the wearer uses. Using this artifact can make you capable of firing powerful spells with little essence.”</p>

      <p>It was the same type of sorcery embedded in the sword Rio used.</p>

      <p>“Amplification of magic... Isn’t this at the level of an ancient artifact...?” Celia was speechless. Was Rio aware of how much worth an item like this had?</p>

      <p>“It just uses a good quality spirit stone. I wanted to make other artifacts too, but I didn’t have the stock, so that’ll have to wait for next time.”</p>

      <p>“A-Ahaha... I guess this is how my debt to you just continues to grow.” Celia laughed weakly, hanging her head in dejection.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Celia and Rio wrapped up the conversation early, as Rio had to look at properties the next morning.</p>

      <p>“See you tomorrow, then. Have a good night,” Rio said to Celia while seeing her off.</p>

      <p>“Yup, see you tomorrow,” Celia grinned.</p>

      <p>“Bye, Celia. Good night.” Aishia also bid Celia good night from beside Rio.</p>

      <p>“Good night. I’ll be going now.”</p>

      <p>Celia looked a little reluctant to leave as she exited Rio’s room. The door clicked shut, leaving Rio and Aishia alone in the room.</p>

      <p>“Hold on!”</p>

      <p>The door burst back open and Celia marched in.</p>

      <p>“Aishia, do you intend on sleeping with Rio tonight?”</p>

      <p>“Yup,” Aishia nodded tonelessly.</p>

      <p>“You better be in your spirit form, okay” Celia narrowed her eyes at Aishia.</p>

      <p>“...Yup.”</p>

      <p>“What was that pause?!”</p>

      <p>“I can sleep with Haruto as long as I’m in spirit form, right?” Aishia said, recalling that rule they had created.</p>

      <p>“That’s right, but you’ve been away from Haruto for a while recently, so you’re really going to sleep in your spirit form, right?” Celia glared at Aishia suspiciously. If she lowered her guard, it was possible for Aishia to sleep clinging to Rio naked. In the stone house, there were people who would warn her after waking up in the morning, but such deterrents didn’t exist here. To be honest, Celia was uneasy.</p>

      <p>“...You should sleep with me tonight,” Celia said to Aishia.</p>

      <p>“Why?” Aishia cocked her head curiously.</p>

      <p>“Because I haven’t seen you in so long. I’m lonely.”</p>

      <p>“I’ve been lonely because I haven’t seen Haruto in a long time.”</p>

      <p>“Y-You should be fine. You’ll be able to sleep with Rio whenever you want once he comes back from his trip,” Celia protested with a squeak.</p>

      <p>“Aishia, could you stay in Celia’s room tonight to make sure no one strange tries to break in? I’m sure no one will, but just in case,” Rio asked Aishia.</p>

      <p>“...Her name.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“You’re calling Celia by her name.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I couldn’t call her Professor in front of Princess Christina. I’m not quite used to it yet, but we’re going to go with this from now on.”</p>

      <p>“I see.” Aishia smiled softly.</p>

      <p>“All right. I’ll sleep with Celia tonight,” she said, easily deciding to go with Celia. Thus, it was decided that Aishia would stay with Celia for the night.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>