<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 13</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: Onwards to Rodania</h1>

      <p>After the conclusion of the mock battle, Rio and the others returned to the nearby fortress city and immediately boarded the enchanted ships to head to Amande.</p>

      <p>The problem was that Hiroaki had lost control of his Divine Arms and nearly harmed the spectators. Causing a phenomenon of that scale and being unable to control it was simply appalling. If this had occurred before Christina arrived, Duke Huguenot would have just thanked Rio and Orphia, evaded the rest without blaming Hiroaki, but that wasn’t the case this time.</p>

      <p>The battle ultimately ended without incident thanks to Rio and Orphia’s teamwork, but Christina insisted on addressing the issue, stating that some things deserved an aggressive response. In addition, Hiroaki’s attacks towards Rio being far too unreserved was also a target of criticism. However—</p>

      <p>“That was partially at my request, as I goaded him to do so.”</p>

      <p>At the request of Rio himself, no punishment was given. Hiroaki also seemed to be aware he had made a mistake, as he accepted Christina’s scolding while the enchanted ship headed towards Amande.</p>

      <p>Upon arriving in Amande, the time finally came to interrogate Charles and Alfred. The interrogation was to take place in a meeting room on Liselotte’s estate. Christina, Duke Huguenot, Rio, Liselotte, and Aria would participate.</p>

      <p>Originally, Christina’s guard, Vanessa, was also meant to be present, but Christina had revoked her attendance due to the uncertainty of whether she could remain calm before her older brother, Alfred. Rio and Aria were there as her replacements.</p>

      <p>With their magic sealed with sealing shackles and bodies restrained, Charles and Alfred were brought before them.</p>

      <p>“It’s time for the interrogation. I have several questions,” Christina said. She was seated on the sofa in front of them while they remained standing.</p>

      <p>“An interrogation now...? Rather belated, isn’t it?” Charles asked dubiously.</p>

      <p>Of course, he had expected there to be an interrogation. But there should have been many opportunities to question him in the time it took them to arrive at Amande, which was probably why he was curious for the reason behind the delay.</p>

      <p>Christina remained silent with a straight face.</p>

      <p>“Besides, there seem to be outsiders present?” Charles looked at Liselotte, followed by a glance at Rio and Aria, then questioned whether Christina intended on conducting an interrogation where their kingdom’s secrets could leak out.</p>

      <p>“As the princess, I’m the one asking the questions here, but... well, fine. I’ll answer you. The answer to your first question is because I know you won’t have any particularly useful information to begin with. There was no need to interrogate you in a hurry.”</p>

      <p>“What did you say...?” Charles frowned at Christina’s scornful answer. It seemed like his pride was hurt. Meanwhile, there was no change in Alfred’s expression beside him.</p>

      <p>“The answer to your second question is because you’ve provoked the Galarc Kingdom by deploying such a large army right beside the border. Lady Liselotte has a right to be here on behalf of Duke Cretia, who was entrusted with the defense of the kingdom’s border. I am also obligated to explain the details of what happened to the Galarc Kingdom. It’s only natural for her to be present as a concerned party,” Christina explained. It was as though she was questioning Charles’ understanding.</p>

      <p>“Nngh...” Right now, he was clearly being looked down upon. Charles realized that and gritted his teeth in frustration.</p>

      <p>“Now, it’s time for my questions.”</p>

      <p>“And you think I’ll answer them?” Charles immediately snapped at Christina with a defiant look.</p>

      <p>“Who knows? I’m just asking the questions. It’s up to you to think them over and decide whether to answer or not, correct? Or are you incapable of making your own judgments without the orders of Duke Arbor and Reiss? Did you want me to command you to answer, then?” Christina cocked her head in wonder, coolly brushing off Charles’ rebellious attitude.</p>

      <p>“Wha...” The completely unexpected response rendered Charles speechless. However, he seemed to realize he was being mocked, as his humiliation was evident on his face.</p>

      <p>“Are you satisfied your doubts have been cleared now?” Christina smiled insincerely.</p>

      <p>“Y-You liar! If that were true, you wouldn’t bother with an interrogation at all! You must be holding this interrogation because I have information you want!” Charles objected in shock.</p>

      <p>Christina sighed dramatically. “Mm... As I said earlier, I do not see you as a source of information in this situation. This interrogation is more of a show of good faith towards the Galarc Kingdom. By having Lady Liselotte in attendance, I can convey my intention to share information with the Galarc Kingdom and obtain their trust. I intend on doing the same with the Galarc King as well, if necessary,” she explained with heavy exasperation. No, she purposely created the illusion of doing so, in order to show she had no expectations of him whatsoever.</p>

      <p>In reality, it was extremely important to give the concerned parties a chance to ask questions when trying to resolve conflicts.</p>

      <p>“So you’re saying my interrogation is only for show... Nothing more than an example.” To Charles, there was no greater humiliation.</p>

      <p>“It would depend on whether you had any useful information. That, and your attitude, I suppose. If I can deem you to be a proud noble of the Beltrum Kingdom, then I won’t shame you any more than necessary.”</p>

      <p>She had no expectations of him. That was what Christina conveyed through the shrug of her shoulders, before leaving a thread of hope for Charles at the end.</p>

      <p>“Ugh...”</p>

      <p>The disgrace so prominent in Charles’ expression flickered faintly. His pride had been stirred by the possibility of not being looked down upon. He was hopeful that he could turn the circumstances in his favor with just his attitude.</p>

      <p>“I will now begin the questioning.”</p>

      <p>“What information are you seeking?” Charles asked with a conflicted face.</p>

      <p>“The fact that Duke Arbor’s faction has strong ties with the Proxia Empire, and that the intermediary between the two is a man called Reiss, has been as good as proven through the incident this time. If this is the case, facts based on this premise will be proven in due course. This is the major premise, but I wonder if you can understand it?”</p>

      <p>“...” He couldn’t deny it. He didn’t think they would believe him even if he did. Charles bit his lip in bitter frustration.</p>

      <p>“I won’t judge the impact of the Duke Arbor faction’s actions on the kingdom for now. What we want to know isn’t Duke Arbor’s goal, but rather the Proxia Empire’s goal. That, and what their ambassador, Reiss, was scheming by approaching you people.”</p>

      <p>“We made contact during the incident where the kingdom lost one of its territories to the sudden raid of the Empire. This blunder was made by none other than His Majesty and Duke Huguenot’s weak political measures towards the Empire. Our Arbor faction were the ones who prevented more territories from being taken. The goals of the Proxia Empire...”</p>

      <p>They were beyond their knowledge. There was no way everything would be disclosed to them. Of course, Reiss had stated “We don’t wish to needlessly expand the war front either” during their negotiations, but even Charles knew that Christina wasn’t asking for that.</p>

      <p>“I know you must have joined hands because the superficial intentions of the other party aligned with your interests, but there’s no telling what they were thinking in the shadows. Did you not consider that?”</p>

      <p>“Of course we considered it.”</p>

      <p>“Are you aware that Flora was abducted during her visit to Amande when the city was under attack?”</p>

      <p>“I received word of that, yes...” <em>Was that relevant right now?</em></p>

      <p>“Then, did you know Reiss Vulfe was one of the abductors?”</p>

      <p>“What...?”</p>

      <p>“Did you know the perpetrator of the abduction was Lucius Orgueil, a former noble of the Beltrum Kingdom?”</p>

      <p>“H-Huh? T-That’s absurd... Why... Lu... Lucius? Why would that man’s name come up here...?” Charles was completely baffled by Christina’s consecutive questions. Even Alfred, whose expression hadn’t changed until now, widened his eyes greatly.</p>

      <p>“The Arbor faction collaborated with the Proxia Empire’s ambassador Reiss and mercenary Lucius to plot Flora’s abduction. If that truth was made public, I’m sure it would be quite the scandal for Duke Arbor’s faction. Do you have anything to say for yourself?”</p>

      <p>“I-I don’t know. I know nothing about this... I’ve heard nothing! Father... Father may know something...” Charles shook his head furiously.</p>

      <p>“Well, I figured as much. That’s why I had no expectations to begin with... But your reaction implies you know of Lucius. Does he have some kind of relation to the Arbor faction?” Christina asked.</p>

      <p>“N-None! He definitely doesn’t! That would be impossible!”</p>

      <p>“How can you be so certain?”</p>

      <p>“That’s because...!” Charles stumbled for words, his expression suddenly pained.</p>

      <p>In contrast, Christina merely remained calm as she questioned him. “Because?”</p>

      <p>“H-His house fell to ruin... He may harbor resentment towards our family because of it.” Charles looked terribly shifty.</p>

      <p>“Just what did you people do?”</p>

      <p>“That’s...” <em>I don’t want to say it. It’s too hard to say out loud. </em></p>

      <p>Alfred spoke for the first time. “The details are a little peculiar, but in short, he was a scapegoat.”</p>

      <p>“Come to think of it, Lucius was a prominent candidate for the King’s Sword. Naturally, you were acquainted with him, is that correct?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>Christina glanced at Rio, who was standing on guard beside Alfred, then asked about Lucius. “What kind of man was Lucius Orgueil?”</p>

      <p>“His behavior was a little problematic, giving him the reputation of an insincere hooligan, but he was a man with exceptional talent in the sword.”</p>

      <p>“Problematic behavior. Is that to say his loyalty to the royal family was nonexistent enough that it wouldn’t be strange for him to plot Flora’s abduction?”</p>

      <p>“That’s... He was the prodigal son with little awareness that he was a noble heir, but I would disagree with the statement that he had no loyalty to the royal family at all. However, I cannot say that remains the same now that his house has fallen.”</p>

      <p>“When did the Orgueil house fall?”</p>

      <p>Alfred thought for a second before answering. “Roughly fifteen years ago, I would say.”</p>

      <p>“You called him a scapegoat, but why did the Orgueil house fall?”</p>

      <p>“The Orgueil house had paper-thin influence in the royal court to begin with. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say the fate of their house rested on Lucius’ success. However, to their own demise, Lucius had too much talent. That wasn’t amusing to those around them that held too much pride in their social standing. Lucius also had the tendency to look down on those without talent, so he caught a lot of resentment. As a result, his father lost his job when a scandal was forced on his head. Criticism towards Lucius grew stronger, and he suffered terrible harassment. The one who pulled all the strings in the shadows was Charles over there.”</p>

      <p>“Guh...” Charles averted his eyes awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“Then one day, he completely disappeared. Of course, there were those who recognized his talents and wanted to keep him, but Lucius wasn’t the type to live tied down to begin with. He would have ran away someday,” Alfred said with a distant look, reflecting on the past.</p>

      <p>“I see. Sir Amakawa, was there anything you wanted to ask regarding Lucius?” Christina suddenly invited Rio to speak, wondering if there was any information he wanted to know.</p>

      <p>“Then... Do you know where Lucius is now?” Rio got straight to the point.</p>

      <p>“No. I don’t know the details of what happened afterwards, though I did hear rumors he was actively working as a mercenary... Why do you want to know?”</p>

      <p>Do you have some kind of connection to Lucius? Alfred looked at Rio as though he wanted to ask that.</p>

      <p>“After becoming a mercenary, that man killed my mother for no reason other than his own pleasure. I cannot ignore his existence knowing that he’s still alive,” Rio answered plainly.</p>

      <p>“I... see...” Alfred was somewhat shocked, falling speechless. Charles was also listening silently.</p>

      <p>In the end, they gained no information of use. Learning about Lucius’ past only increased Rio’s irritation further.</p>

      <p><em>So it’s exactly as I expected, huh... If I want to obtain any clues, I’ll have to make a move myself.</em></p>

      <p>In other words, he had to march into the enemy territory himself. Rio quietly steeled his resolve.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>The questioning continued for little under an hour after that, at which point the investigation came to an end. Charles was led out of the room by Duke Huguenot, Liselotte, and Aria. This was in order for Duke Huguenot to conduct his own investigation on Charles.</p>

      <p>However, Alfred remained in the room. Rio also remained as a guard, leaving the three of them, including Christina, in the room.</p>

      <p>“With all due respect, would it be better to call Vanessa over to act as your guard instead of me? I am aware there may be things you wouldn’t wish to discuss before me,” Rio suggested to Christina before she began questioning Alfred.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. Vanessa lacks the composure to be in attendance right now, and she falls far behind in ability as a guard to you. Of course, I’d like you to refrain from spreading word of what you hear here, but I promise you won’t be disadvantaged by your knowledge of the discussion. Please,” Christina said a little shyly.</p>

      <p>“I understand. In that case, allow me to remain.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. That’s how it is, so there’s no need for your consideration, Alfred. Have you mentally prepared yourself?” Christina turned to Alfred and asked.</p>

      <p>“Ready when you are,” Alfred nodded obediently.</p>

      <p>“The fact the King’s Sword joined the search party means Father gave some kind of command for you to do so. Is that correct?” Christina asked, first confirming the facts.</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“What kind of command was it? Were you told to apprehend me and bring me back to the capital?” Christina’s expression was disgusted, but at the same time, somewhat hopeful.</p>

      <p>“At the time of departure, His Majesty gave me this order: follow Charles and fulfill your duty.”</p>

      <p>“What duty would that be?”</p>

      <p>“To protect Your Highness,” Alfred answered stiffly.</p>

      <p>“Protect me?” Christina’s face twisted with suspicion.</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“What... Does that mean?” Christina asked after a long pause.</p>

      <p>“The duty bestowed upon me by His Majesty was to protect you.”</p>

      <p>“Your actions contradict your words. If Sir Amakawa hadn’t arrived, I would have definitely been captured by you. Are you saying you intended on changing your mind during that battle and betraying Charles?”</p>

      <p>“No...”</p>

      <p>“Then what do you mean?” Christina asked with slight irritation.</p>

      <p>“I cannot say any more than this at the present.” Alfred slowly shook his head.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>