<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 13</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: Reunion</h1>

      <p>Flora stared at her sister until she was unable to contain herself and broke into a run. “Christina...!”</p>

      <p>“...” Christina also tried to step towards Flora, but she looked a little hesitant and held her ground; she seemed to be feeling guilty for giving her the cold shoulder at the banquet in the Galarc Kingdom. However, such matters were apparently trivial to Flora. Once she reached Christina, Flora threw herself around her.</p>

      <p>“Why are you here? Why are you with Sir Haruto...?” Flora cocked her head in confusion at the sight of Christina and Rio together. Then, she noticed Charles and Alfred, who were restrained. “And why...”</p>

      <p>“How foolish... What were you going to do if I had arrived here to deceive you? Have you forgotten how I treated you at the banquet?” Christina whispered in her ear, looking a little ashamed but happy nevertheless.</p>

      <p>“Ah...” Flora let out an uncertain sound, weakening her grip around her sister. Her body had moved reflexively when she saw Christina together with Rio, but thinking about it calmly, that may have been a rash action.</p>

      <p>“It’s all right. Everything’s all right now. I won’t leave you alone anymore.” Christina hugged her little sister back dearly.</p>

      <p>That alone was enough to push Flora to the verge of tears. “Christina...”</p>

      <p>“It must have been painful for you. I’m so sorry...” Christina shamefully muttered in apology.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>