<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 13</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue</h1>

      <p>Several hours after Christina and Flora were sent to the Paladia Forest...</p>

      <p>“Mm, I’m tired...”</p>

      <p>On this day, Celia had finished teaching her lecture at the Rodania Academy and was walking through the guest house.</p>

      <p><em>Good work today, Celia, </em>Aishia said, guarding her in her spirit form.</p>

      <p><em>Thank you. Let’s go home quickly and eat something yummy.</em></p>

      <p><em>Okay. </em>Aishia’s voice echoed with a slightly happy tone.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, but I have to drop by the office first. Christina and the others should be returning today. If they’ve arrived already then I should say hello, </em>Celia explained as she headed for the central office inside the guest house. The top nobles and their secretaries had their desks there, and Christina’s desk was also located at the very back alongside her personal office. She used that office often.</p>

      <p>However, you could normally find out who was currently where by coming here, so it was possible that news of Christina’s return had already arrived at this office.</p>

      <p><em>But even if she’s back, she’s probably tired. Perhaps she’s already retired for the day, </em>Celia wondered as she knocked on the office door.</p>

      <p><em>Knock, knock.</em></p>

      <p>“That’s odd... Is there no one inside? Come to think of it, we didn’t pass anyone on the way here either.” The lack of reply and presence of anyone else made Celia cock her head. The office shouldn’t have been completely empty until after work hours...</p>

      <p><em>Knock, knock.</em> She tried knocking once more, but there was still no response. With no other choice, Celia opened the door herself.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me...”</p>

      <p>She peeked inside, but the room was completely silent. There was no one inside. What could this mean? She cocked her head in confusion, when Aishia suddenly materialized beside her.</p>

      <p>Celia scolded her in a fluster. “H-Hey, Aishia! You can’t materialize here, even if there’s no one in the room—”</p>

      <p>“Step back. There’s a strange presence,” Aishia said, staring at a corner of the room.</p>

      <p>“Huh...?” Celia followed her gaze to the same spot.</p>

      <p>The distance between them was roughly several meters.</p>

      <p>“I suppose there was no sense in hiding after being this close. And as I expected, the one guarding Celia Claire in spirit form was you... I had my hopes up, but it seems I’ve been completely outwitted by that man. What a bother...”</p>

      <p>The Proxia Empire ambassador, Reiss, stood there.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>